exhibit 10.16 

 marketing affiliate agreement 
 this agreement be make this 1st day of october 2008 , ( the " effective date " ) , by and between equidata , inc . , a corporation 
 organize under the law of virginia with its principal place of business at 724 thimble shoal boulevard newport news , virginia 
 23606 ( " equidata " ) , and national credit report.com , llc a corporation organize under the law of florida , with its principal 
 place of business at 7700 n. congress ave , suite 3113 , boca raton fl33487 ( " marketing affiliate " ) . 
 recital 
 therefore , if accept all party agree that the follow shall constitute a marketing agreement between the party . 
 term and condition 
 permission . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , marketing affiliate may display marketing material at its 
 principal place(s ) of business , or at the principal place(s ) of its third party partner , together with a link from the marketing 
 affiliate web site to fquidata ( and its partner ) web site . marketing material may also be use in the marketing of potential 
 customer through direct mail and personal solicitation as well as inbound and outbound telemarketing . marketing affiliate may 
 not otherwise offer for sale , market , sell or distribute the service of equidata without express write permission . 
 1 . 
 equidata provide certain personal credit , fraud detection , credit scoring service and credit monitoring for consumer , the 
 ( " service " ) . 
 2 . 
 marketing affiliate and equidata wish to enter into an agreement under which marketing affiliate may market the service . 
 3 . 
 marketing affiliate wish to market the service indirectly through third party program , direct mail , internet and both 
 inbound and outbound telemarketing . in addition , each may own and operate a web site utilize direct access to the 
 service through internet link . 
 1 . 
 compensation . marketing affiliate shall be responsible for collect all amount due directly from the consumer and 
 shall bear sole responsibility for non - payment of any fee charge to the consumer . marketing affiliate shall pay to 
 equidata , as compensation for its providing of service under this agreement , such amount as outline and detailed in 
 exhibit a attach hereto . such amount shall be bill on a bi - monthly basis by equidata and be due and payable in 
 full by marketing affiliate 30 day from the invoice date . the price set forth in exhibit a do not include regulatory 
 fee , sale tax , excise tax or any other fee or taxis that may be charge by state or local tax authority nor do it 
 include additional fee or surcharge , include specific area affiliate charge that may be access by the credit 
 reporting agency ( cra ’s ) . say amount charge to equidata will be bill separately to marketing affiliate and be 
 due immediately upon receipt . marketing affiliate agree to reimburse equidata all cost of collect any past due 
 amount from marketing affiliate by reason of non payment , include reasonable attorney fee and disbursement . 
 equidata reserve the right to increase the base cost of service . notice will be give to marketing affiliate in write 
 no less than 30 day prior to such increase take affect . a development fee , yet to be determine and outline in 
 exhibit a , be due upon a sign agreement of project scope . 
 marketing affiliate agree to pay promptly and in full all charge incur through service render when bill . 
 when pay by credit card , the marketing affiliate agree to pay for all item that be revoke or dispute by the 
 credit card company or the card holder along with any charge or fee charge by the credit card company include 
 fee associate with process the credit card transaction and that the marketing affiliate will be bill for those item 
 in accordance with equidata standard practice . marketing affiliate and the undersigned principal , partner or owner 
 far agree that this agreement will serve as a personal guaranty by the undersigned principal , partner or owner of 
 the company , and the undersigned principal , partner or owner will become responsible for any unpaid balance past due 
 on any invoice . the marketing affiliate agree to pay a late charge of 1 l/2 per month on the unpaid , past - due amount 
 as well as a return check fee of not less than 35.00 per return item . in addition , the marketing affiliate agree to 
 pay 25 attorney ’s fee plus court cost in the event that the marketing affiliate ’s account be refer to an attorney for 
 collection . 
 2 . 
 dispute . in the case of dispute charge , define as a non - payment of an invoice for which notice of dispute have be 
 give in writing by marketing affiliate to equidata , equidata or marketing affiliate may choose arbitration and 
 marketing affiliate and equidata shall be obligate by the term agree upon by arbitration and all monie determine 
 owe shall be consider due and payable immediately . such arbitration do not relieve marketing affiliate from its 
 obligation to promptly pay for undisputed charge in accordance with the term of this agreement . such dispute shall 
 be settle by arbitration in the city of newport news , virginia . 
 marketing affiliate shall give equidata write demand of dispute within 10 day of the due date of the invoice . the 
 demand shall set forth a statement for the nature of the dispute and the amount involve . if equidata and marketing 
 affiliate can not resolve the dispute on their own within 10 day after equidata receive say dispute , the party shall 
 jointly select an arbitrator . 

 initial : /s/ ip 
 source : steel vault corp , 10 - k , 12/24/2008 

 if the party do not agree on the selection of an arbitrator , each party will select an arbitrator of their choosing , and the two 
 arbitrator will jointly select a third arbitrator(s ) . not later than 5 calendar day after the arbitrator(s ) have be select , the 
 arbitrator(s ) shall schedule the arbitration hearing to commence on a mutually convenient date . the hearing shall commence 
 no later than 25 calendar day after equidata receive receipt of dispute from marketing affiliate and shall continue from day 
 to day until complete . the arbitrator(s ) shall issue an award in write no later than 10 calendar day after the conclusion of 
 the hearing . the arbitration award shall be final and bind on both party . 
 3 . 
 operational specification . marketing affiliate and equidata shall agree upon operational specification pertain to the 
 methodology and logistic of datum transfer and database coordination . upon mutual agreement as to the operational 
 specification , they shall be deem to be a part of this agreement by way of an exhibit . both party must agree upon any 
 change to the operational specification in writing . any such change will be deem to be a part of the operational 
 specification . 
 4 . 
 non - solicitation of client . marketing affiliate shall not directly or indirectly solicit an exist business customer of 
 equidata during the term and condition of this agreement other than for joint marketing purpose . far , marketing 
 affiliate shall not market similar product from compete company on any web site landing page contain the equidata 
 or marketing affiliate web link as long as this agreement be in effect . 
 5 . 
 compliance . marketing affiliate nor equidata , shall engage in any practice or activity that be not in compliance with the fair 
 credit reporting act ( fcra ) , the fair debt collection practice act ( fdcpa ) and the health insurance portability and 
 accountability act ( hipaa ) as well as , but not limit to , any practice or activity that : 
 5.1 . violate any applicable law or regulation ; include but not limit to the sale of illegal good or the violation of export 
 control or obscenity law ; that invade the privacy of any third party ; that be in any way connect with the 
 transmission of " junk mail " , " spam "   or the unsolicited mass distribution of e - mail , or with any unethical marketing 
 practice . 
 5.2 . be misleading , deceptive , confusing or abusive as outline in the telemarketing fraud prevention act ; 
 5.3 . make any representation or statement , or grant any warranty or create any other obligation with respect to the 
 service , that be in addition to or otherwise inconsistent with any representation , statement or warranty state 
 expressly by equidata . 
 5.4 . use marketing material , medium or method that be not approve , include , but nor limit to telemarketing script . 
 such approval shall not be unreasonably withhold and shall be complete within 48 hour of receipt of marketing 
 material for review . 
 5.5 . do not meet the standard for good industry practice for the direct marketing industry . 
 5.6 . further guideline and requirement be provide in exhibit b and c. 
 6 . 
 audit . equidata may audit , at equidata ’s expense , the marketing affiliate ’s marketing , practice and activity for the 
 purpose of assure compliance with this agreement . equidata reserve the right to site inspect marketing affiliate ’s 
 physical location of business at any time . 
 7 . 
 term and termination . this agreement commence on the effective date , and terminate , along with all license and 
 authorization grant under it , upon the early of termination in accordance with the following . 
 7.1 . this agreement shall be for the term of one year ; thereafter , the agreement shall renew automatically under these same 
 term and agreement unless supercede by future agreement . 
 7.2 . this agreement may be terminate by either party with cause upon thirty ( 30 ) day write notice . upon marketing 
 affiliate ’s default in payment or other breach of this agreement , equidata may terminate this agreement without notice 
 to marketing affiliate . upon termination for any reason , equidata reserve the right to deactivate marketing affiliate ’s 
 access to the service include the equidata web site . termination do not release marketing affiliate from pay 
 all amount owe to equidata . 
 7.3 . at time of agreement termination , marketing affiliate shall immediately remove all url relate datum pertain to say 
 agreement ; and if data be not voluntarily remove , equidata reserve the right to use all available legal resource to 
 force the removal of equidata url relate datum and marketing affiliate agree to be liable for the cost of such action , 
 include but not limit to reasonable attorney fee . 
 7.4 . equidata reserve the right to terminate this agreement immediately for cause if experian , equifax and/or transunion 
 ( credit reporting agency — cra ) decline to render service to marketing affiliate for any reason or if equidata be 
 notify by any of the cra to cease render service to marketing affiliate . 
 8 . 
 representation and warranty . marketing affiliate represent and warrant that : 
 8.1 
 marketing affiliate do not engage in any business with respect to , and the marketing affiliate web site will not be 
 use , or display any material , in any form or medium , in connection with a credit clinic , credit repair or restoration , 
 credit counseling firm , financial counseling firm , detective agency , private investigation , security service , practice of 
 law , news reporting or journalism , or fraudulent or unethical conduct . 
 8.2 . the information regard marketing affiliate set forth in this agreement , and the information provide to equidata 
 with respect to marketing affiliate and the marketing affiliate web site , be accurate ; and 
 8.3 . marketing affiliate ’s business , include without limitation any business conduct in connection with the marketing 
 source : steel vault corp , 10 - k , 12/24/2008 
 affiliate web site , do not violate any applicable law , regulation , court order or material agreement to which 
 marketing affiliate be subject . 
 8.4 . equidata warrant that it be an authorized provider of the service as outline in this agreement and that it have the 
 ability to provide say service in the manner describe herein . 

  of 3 

 initial : /s/ ip 
 source : steel vault corp , 10 - k , 12/24/2008 

 accept and agree : 
 executive two ( 2 ) copy and return execute copy to : 
 9 . 
 indemnification . equidata and marketing affiliate each hereby agree to defend , indemnify and hold harmless each other and 
 each of its employee , agent , officer , director and shareholder from and against any claim , suit , demand or action 
 arise from breach of any warranty under this agreement or failure to provide service under this agreement . 
 10 . 
 proprietary information . marketing affiliate and equidata mutually acknowledge that from time to time confidential 
 information may be receive by each . confidential information , include , but be not limit to , customer name and list . the 
 receive party may not disclose or use the disclosing party ’s confidential and proprietary information for any reason other 
 than in the performance of this agreement . it be agree any information receive or collect by marketing affiliate about its 
 customer or potential customer , include information use to enroll customer be proprietary as define by this section 
 and will not be use by equidata in any manner other than as outlined herein . 
 11 . 
 liability . marketing affiliate acknowledge and agree that any product , service , license or 
 permission provide by equidata under this agreement be provide on an " as be "   basis . equidata 
 expressly disclaim any warranty of any kind whatsoever , whether express , imply , 
 statutory , or arise from course of dealing or performance , and hereby disclaim and 
 exclude from this agreement all imply warranty , include without limitation 
 warranty of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , noninfringement , 
 noninterference with datum , accuracy , or that the service be error free . in no event will 
 equidata be liable for any indirect , exemplary , punitive , special , or consequential damage 
 include without limitation lose profit or other economic loss , lose reimbursement , and 
 lose datum , or for any claim by any third party . even if equidata , marketing affiliate or both 
 have be advise of the possibility of such damage or claim , marketing affiliate agree to 
 defend , indemnify and hold harmless equidata , and each of its employee , agent , officer 
 and director , from and against any claim , suit , demand , or action , include without 
 limitation attorney fee , arise from ( a ) breach of this agreement by marketing affiliate , ( b ) 
 the marketing affiliate web site , or ( c ) marketing affiliate ’s business . 
 12 . 
 miscellaneous . this agreement bind and inure to the benefit of each party ’ permit successor , assign and legal 
 representative , include the purchaser of the stock or asset of either party hereto . no delegation by either party of any 
 duty hereunder shall be deem an assignment of this agreement , nor shall any change in control or an assignment of by 
 operation of law by either party be deem an assignment hereunder . any failure or delay in exercise , or any single or 
 partial exercise of , any right or remedy by either party may not be deem a waiver of any far , prior , or future right or 
 remedy hereunder . this agreement be govern by and construe in accordance with the law of the state of virginia . all 
 notice require to be give in writing must be send by overnight delivery service to the name and address designate in this 
 agreement or to such other address that the receive party may in advance designate by write notice . notice be deem 
 effective on the day after delivery by the overnight carrier . if any provision of this agreement be declare invalid , the other 
 provision remain in full force and effect and this agreement be deem to be amend to replace , to the extent legally 
 possible , the right and obligation contain in the invalid provision . the invalidity of any provision be not a failure of 
 consideration . the party shall operate as independent contractor in perform their obligation under the agreement 
 and shall have exclusive control of the manner and mean of perform such obligation . each party shall be solely 
 responsible for supervision , daily direction and control of its employee and payment of their salary , worker ’s 
 compensation , disability and other benefit . nothing in the agreement shall be construe as make either party the agent of 
 the other party , as grant to the other party the right to enter into any contract on behalf of the other party , or as 
 establish an association , franchise , joint venture or partnership between the party . under no circumstance shall the 
 employee of one party be deem to be employee of the other for any purpose . this agreement constitute the entire 
 understanding of the party with respect to the subject matter hereof , and supersede all prior or contemporaneous 
 agreement , statement and representation , oral or write , between the party relate to the subject matter of the 
 agreement . no representation or promise , or modification or amendment to this agreement be bind on either party unless 
 in write sign by authorize representative of both party . 

 company name : equidata , inc . 
 marketing affiliate name : national credit report llc 

 address : 724 thimble shoal blvd . newport news , va 23606 
 address : 7700 n congress ave , suite 3113 boca raton , fl 

 phone number : 757 - 873 - 0519 / 800 - 288 - 9809 
 fax : 757 - 873 - 1224 
 phone number : 561 - 910 8900 

 email address : kchaseequidata.com 
 email address : ivan.posniaknationalcreditreport.com 

 print name : kitty chase 
 print name : ivan posniak 

 title :   
 svp 
 title : 
 ceo 

 signature : /s/ kitty chase 
 signature : /s/ ivan posniak 

  of 3 

 initial : /s/ ip 
 source : steel vault corp , 10 - k , 12/24/2008