exhibit 10.27 
 marketing affiliate agreement 
 between : 
 birch first global investments inc . 
 and 
 mount knowledge holdings inc . 
 date : may 8 , 2014 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 1 . 
 2 . 
 2.1 
 2.2 
 this   marketing   affiliate   agreement   ( the   " agreement " )   be   enter   into this 8th day of may 
 2014 , by and between birch first global investments inc . , a corporation incorporate 
 in the u.s . virgin islands , with its main place of business locate 9100 havensight , port of sale , ste . 
 15/16 ,   st .   thomas ,   vi   0080   ( refer   to   as   " company " )   and   mount   knowledge   holdings 
 inc . and/or assigns , a corporation incorporate in the state of nevada , with its main place of business 
 locate   at   228   park   avenue   s.   56101   new   york ,   ny   10003­1502   ( refer   to   as   " marketing 
 affiliate "   or   " ma " ) . 
 whereas , this agreement be to set forth in a formal agreement the prior verbal understanding 
 between the party in place since december 31 , 2012 pertain to the business describe 
 hereinbelow ; and 
 whereas , company , the owner of certain distribution right to the technology , technology 
 and content as set forth in exhibit a and relate technical documentation ( hereafter collectively refer 
 to as technology , wish to contract for the marketing and/or support of the technology , and ma 
 wish to market and/or support the technology . 
 accordingly , company and ma agree as follow : 
 effective date and term . 
 this agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by ma and acceptance in writing by 
 company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically 
 renew for successive one ( 1 ) year period unless otherwise terminate accord to the cancellation 
 or termination provision contain in paragraph 18 of this agreement . company and ma 
 acknowledge that this agreement be not a franchise as that term be define under any and all applicable 
 local , state and/or federal law in u.s . , as amend . 
 grant of right . 
 general right . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , company hereby 
 grant to ma the right to advertise , market and sell to corporate user , government 
 agency   and   educational   facility   ( " client " )   for   their   own   internal   language   learning ,   soft 
 skill and communication purpose only , and not for remarketing or redistribution , and not 
 for use in a data center environment for multiple user client , unless otherwise agree to by 
 company prior in writing , the technology list in schedule a of this agreement , and to sell 
 and/or bundle technology maintenance for the technology and to provide first line 
 technical support and implementation service for the technology in the territory list in 
 schedule a of this agreement , provide ma meet the criterion require for deliver 
 service accord to schedule a. 
 third party right . company and ma acknowledge that company derive certain right 
 herein from third party and that company reserve the right to modify or amend this 
 agreement if mandate by such third party . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 3 . 
 3.1 
 3.2 
 3.3 
 3.4 
 3.5 
 3.6 
 duty of ma . 
 good effort . ma agree to use its good effort to market and license the technology to 
 client consistent with the term of this agreement . 
 license agreement . ma shall execute a company license agreement / client 
 registration form with client and present that license agreement / client registration 
 form to company after each purchase of the technology . 
 upon the execution of this agreement , company shall provide copy of its end user license 
 agreement to ma . ma shall promptly review such agreement and advise company as to what 
 revision , if any , should be make to the end user license agreement for resale in the territory set forth in 
 schedule a to ensure that the agreement comply with requirement of local law in the territory , and 
 that company have protection concern proprietary right , warranty disclaimer and limitation of 
 liability under such local and federal law of the u.s . 
 for purpose of this agreement , the technology mean the electronic access to program , 
 content and documentation , and company 's end user license agreement as it may be modify by 
 company for use in the territory . the relationship between the corporate user and company and/or its 
 affiliate shall be as specify in the applicable company end user license agreement . notwithstanding 
 the foregoing , as between company and ma , ma shall be responsible as define for provide 
 customer and technical support to end user in the territory . ma will notify company immediately in 
 the   event   that   it   be   unable   to   respond   effectively   to   any   end   user ’   request . 
 copyright and trademark . ma shall protect copyright , tradename , trademark , 
 service mark , trade secret and other confidential proprietary right and information of 
 company and its affiliate and report promptly any infringement or suspect 
 infringement of which ma become aware and to cooperate fully with company in its 
 effort to protect its copyright , tradename , trademark , service mark , trade secret 
 and other confidential proprietary right and information . 
 no alternation . ma agree not to remove or alter in any manner any copyright , 
 trademark or other proprietary notice contain in the technology . 
 permit , license and compliance with law . ma shall be responsible and shall bear 
 all cost for comply with local , state , provincial , federal , national , and international 
 statute ,   rule ,   regulation   and   ordinance   of   any   kind   which   relate   to   or   affect   ma ’s 
 duty under this agreement . 
 product support . ma agree , when specify , to provide client with the support 
 necessary to meet the reasonable need and requirement for installation and operation 
 of the technology . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 3.7 
 3.8 
 3.9 
 ( a ) 
 ( b ) 
 ( c ) 
 ( d ) 
 3.10 
 3.11 
 3.12 
 sale record . ma shall keep accurate record of the sale of the technology and 
 maintenance , include client registration card and shall make these record available 
 for review by a representative of company within ten ( 10 ) business day follow the 
 end of each month . 
 sale and technical training . ma shall attend initial marketing , application , and 
 technical training as require and provide by company ; provide , however , that 
 company shall not require ma to market or support technology accord to a 
 marketing plan or system prescribe in substantial part by company . the ma will 
 however , be responsible to display and explain in detail the method by which they plan 
 to achieve the assign quota . 
 sale report . ma shall report periodically in writing , upon request to company the 
 status of the follow : 
 lead provide by company 
 marketing activity in progress 
 sale forecast 
 implementation in progress 
 ma shall appoint one of its employee to be responsible for such reporting and make the name of such 
 employee available to company . 
 marketing plan . ma shall submit an annual marketing plan to company 
 outlining , among other thing , activity and staffing direct at attain mutually agree 
 upon annual sale quota . the annual quota be define in schedule a of this 
 agreement . the annual marketing plan shall be devise solely by ma and ma shall not 
 be require to follow an operating plan , standard procedure , training manual , or its 
 substantial equivalent , publish by company . 
 business practice . company shall not specify the business practice of ma , 
 nor regulate the manner in which ma shall operate its business , provide that ma ( a ) 
 conduct business in a manner that reflect favorably at all time on the technology sell 
 and the good name , goodwill and reputation of company and its affiliate ; ( b ) avoid 
 deceptive , misleading or unethical practice that be or might be detrimental to 
 company and/or its affiliate , the technology or the public , include but not limit to 
 disparagement of company or the technology ; ( c ) make no false or misleading 
 representation with respect to company or the technology ; and ( d ) make no 
 representation with respect to company or the technology that be inconsistent with 
 any applicable license agreement(s ) for the technology provide by company , 
 promotional material and other literature distribute by company pertain specifically 
 to the technology , include all liability limitation and disclaimer contain in such 
 material . 
 support and service center . ma may be require to establish and maintain 
 support service in the territory set forth in schedule a to provide marketing , sale 
 and service support of the technology license from company . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 4 . 
 4.1 
 4.2 
 ( a ) 
 ( b ) 
 ( c ) 
 ( d ) 
 ( e ) 
 4.3 
 4.4 
 4.5 
 5 . 
 duty of company . 
 commitment . so long as ma be not in default hereunder , company agree to provide 
 technology to ma in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement . 
 deliverable . upon the request of ma , company shall at price or fee then in effect or 
 mutually agree upon by the party : 
 provide technology to ma at the discount price show in schedule 
 a ,   subject   to   company ’s   right   to   change   its   price   or   fee   pursuant   to 
 paragraph 13 of this agreement . 
 make available a reasonable marketing information , demonstration and 
 other sale / marketing aid available from company relate to the 
 technology to ma show in schedule a. 
 make available marketing training and support to ma relate to the 
 technology in schedule a. 
 make available technical training and support to ma relate to the 
 technology in schedule a. 
 make available update of the technology to ma as they may become 
 available for distribution . 
 no control . company shall not require that ma be limit as to the type , quantity or 
 quality of any product or service that ma sell or desire to sell . 
 no resale limitation . unless otherwise state in this agreement , company shall not 
 require that ma be limit to the person or account to which it may market , distribute 
 or sublicense any product or service that ma sell or desire to sell , include without 
 limitation , the technology , within the territory as define in schedule a of this 
 agreement . 
 no procedure . company shall not require procedure for which ma may deal with 
 client however will require reasonable level of satisfaction from the client relate to 
 the service provide by the ma . 
 annual quota . 
 the annual quota for ma shall be define in schedule a of this agreement . company 
 reserve the right to adjust or modify the annual quota upon renewal of this agreement or from time to 
 time by mutual agreement of the party . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 6 . 
 7 . 
 7.1 
 7.2 
 7.3 
 7.4 
 7.5 
 7.6 
 8 . 
 8.1 
 8.2 
 territory . 
 the territory for ma shall be define in schedule a of this agreement . company reserve the 
 right to adjust or modify the territory upon renewal of this agreement or from time to time by mutual 
 agreement of the party . 
 payment and delivery . 
 payment term . when fee be not collect directly from the corporate user , ma 
 agree to pay company , in the manner and at the time specify below , the fee(s ) on 
 company ’s   current   price   list   in   effect   at   the   time   an   order   be   receive   by   company   as 
 set forth in schedule a. 
 currency . all monie due company shall be remit in united states dollar . amount 
 due to company be to be calculate base upon the information contain in schedule 
 a of this agreement . 
 require document . ma shall make payment for all technology accord to the 
 term in schedule a of this agreement , and provide upon resale of any part of the 
 technology , two ( 2 ) sign copy of the company license agreement / client 
 registration card between company and client . 
 payment for service , training and support . service , training and support , when 
 applicable and provide by company , shall be pay for by ma accord to agree 
 upon term , and a monthly billing report will be create for ma by company to show 
 utilization of time and charge . a late payment charge of one and one - half 
 percent   ( 1   ½ )   or   the   maximum   rate   permit   by   applicable   law ,   whichever   be   less ,   of 
 the outstanding balance due to company per month will be impose on all overdue 
 account . 
 shipment and delivery .   any   material   shall   be   ship   fob   company ’s   place   of 
 business as set forth in schedule a , and ma shall be responsible for any excise , sale 
 and other taxis which may be levy on the license and shipment of such material . 
 delay . in the event of any cause beyond the control of company , company shall not 
 be liable for any delay in shipment or non - delivery of the technology cover under this 
 agreement beyond any amount receive with an order . 
 modification and version upgrade . 
 company shall supply ma access to all major publish modification or upgrade to 
 the technology , which add enhancement to or correct know error in the 
 technology . 
 company shall provide technology access to ma for each license customer so long as 
 ma be not in default with any term of this agreement . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 8.3 
 8.4 
 9 . 
 10 . 
 ma shall notify company in writing of any error find by it in the technology within 
 thirty ( 30 ) day of such discovery . 
 company will undertake all reasonable effort to provide technical assistance to ma 
 under this agreement when ma be unable to resolve certain technical issue and to 
 rectify or provide solution to problem where the technology do not function as 
 describe in the technology documentation , but company do not guarantee that the 
 problem will be solve or that any item will be error - free . this product support 
 commitment   be   only   applicable   to   company ’s   technology   run   under   the   certify 
 environment specify in the release note of the end user licensing agreement for that 
 technology or package . company may from time to time , however , discontinue 
 technology or version and stop support technology or version one year after 
 discontinuance , or otherwise discontinue any support service . company be not liable for 
 incidental , special or consequential damage for any reason ( include loss of datum or 
 other business or property damage ) , even if foreseeable or if ma or customer have 
 advise of such a claim . company 's liability shall not exceed the fee that ma have pay 
 under this agreement . ma agree that the pricing for the service would be substantially 
 high but for these limitation . 
 trademark and service mark . 
 any tradename , trademark or service mark , which company may obtain with regard to the 
 technology , be the sole property of company and/or its affiliate . company hereby grant ma , during 
 the term of this agreement , the right to use company and/or company trade name , trademark or 
 service mark on technology or in advertising or promotion relate directly to these product . any use 
 of such tradename , trademark or service mark must reference that these tradename , trademark or 
 service mark be proprietary to company and/or its affiliate . 
 title to the technology . 
 ma acknowledge that ma and its client receive no title to the technology contain on the 
 technology . title to the technology and all copyright in technology shall remain with company and/or 
 its affiliate . 
 company agree to defend or , at its option , settle any claim or action against ma to the extent 
 arise from a third party claim that a permit use of the technology by the end user infringe any 
 u.s . patent or copyright , provide company have control of such defense or settlement negotiation and 
 ma give company prompt notice of any such claim and provide reasonable assistance in its defense . 
 in the event of such a claim of infringement , company , at its option , may provide ma with substitute 
 technology reasonably satisfactory to ma to replace those affected technology then in ma 's 
 inventory . company will not be liable under this section if the infringement arise out of ma 's activity 
 after company have notify ma that company believe in good faith that ma 's activity will result in 
 such infringement . the foregoing state the entire liability of company with respect to infringement of 
 intellectual property right . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 11 . 
 12 . 
 12.1 
 12.2 
 12.3 
 13 . 
 14 . 
 distribution by ma . 
 ma agree to distribute technology only through the company license agreement / client 
 registration card between the client and company . ma acknowledge that the company license 
 agreement/ client registration card specify the term under which a client receive , hold and use 
 the package or service . 
 trade secret and source code . 
 ma recognize that the technology in source form ( code or listing ) be the 
 exclusive property of company and/or its affiliate and be proprietary to and the trade 
 secret of company and/or its affiliate . ma agree that it shall not , by itself or in 
 association with any other party , reproduce , duplicate , copy , decompile , disassemble 
 or reverse engineer the technology in source form ( code or listing ) in any medium . 
 ma shall far hold in confidence and shall not disclose any information , 
 algorithm , method , design , specification , and/or know - how in any way relate to 
 the technology in source form ( code or listing ) to any other person , firm or corporation 
 whether during the term of this agreement or after such agreement have be 
 terminate . 
 ma shall not have the right to modify the source code to make adaptation to 
 the technology in conjunction with the sale of the technology without the write 
 consent of company . in the event of modify source code , only the modify portion 
 of the code become the property of ma , and ma shall treat the modify source 
 code with the same care as with company source code . 
 price change and notification . 
 company reserve the right to change its process and/or fee , from time to time , in its sole and 
 absolute discretion . in the event of a price and/or fee change for technology , company shall notify ma 
 in write ninety ( 90 ) day prior to the effective date of any such change . all other price and/or fee 
 may be adjust without prior notice to ma . 
 relationship of the party . 
 ma shall be deem to be an independent contractor in its relationship with company . ma 
 shall not hold itself out as an employee or agent of company other than for the limited purpose of 
 marketing   the   technology .   no   debt   or   obligation   shall   be   incur   by   either   party   in   the   other   party ’s 
 name , include execution of the client registration agreement . ma shall have the right to perform 
 certain service for its client , such as training , installation and non - contract support and bill its client 
 directly for such service . ma specifically understand and agree that it shall not be treat as an 
 employee with respect to such service as be perform for any applicable tax purpose ; and it be 
 far agree that this agreement shall not bring ma under the provision of any local , state , provincial , 
 federal , national , and international regulation wherein coverage thereunder be base upon the relationship 
 of employer and employee . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 15 . 
 16 . 
 16.1 
 16.2 
 16.3 
 16.4 
 16.5 
 unauthorized use . 
 ma shall notify company promptly of any misuse of unauthorized use of the technology , which 
 come to the attention of ma , and shall notify its client upon the request of company when company 
 believe   such   technology   be   be   misuse .   ma   shall   cooperate ,   at   company ’s   reasonable   expense , 
 with company in any action , include any legal action , which company may feel be necessary in order 
 to protect the technology . 
 warranty by company . 
 except as exclusively set forth in this paragraph , 
 company do not make any express or imply warranty , 
 include but not restrict to the imply warranty of 
 merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose , 
 which warranty be hereby disclaim . 
 company ’s   sole   and   exclusive   liability   for   the 
 warranty provide in subparagrah ( a ) hereof shall be to 
 correct the technology to operate in substantial 
 accordance with its then current specification or 
 replace , at its option , the technology not in compliance 
 with   company ’s   and   company '   publish   specification 
 regard the technology ; provide , any claim for breach 
 of warranty under subparagraph ( a ) hereof must be make 
 in write within ( 90 ) day from date of shipment . 
 in   no   event   shall   company   be   liable   to   " ma " ,   its 
 client , or any third party for any tort or contract 
 damage or indirect , special , general , incidental or 
 consequential damage , include but not limit to , loss 
 of profit or anticipated profit and loss of goodwill , 
 arise in connection with the use ( or inability to use ) or 
 distribution of the technology for any purpose 
 whatsoever . 
 some state and/or country do not allow the 
 exclusion of imply warranty , so the above exclusion 
 may not apply to you . this warranty give you specific 
 legal right , and you may have other right wihich may 
 vary from state to state or country to country . 
 some state and/or country do not allow the 
 exclusion or limitation of incidental and consequential 
 damage , so the above limitation may not apply to you . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 17 . 
 18 . 
 18.1 
 18.2 
 ( a ) 
 ( b ) 
 ( c ) 
 ( d ) 
 18.3 
 ( a ) 
 ( b ) 
 warranty by ma . 
 ma agree that any and all warranty make to client shall be make only by ma . ma 
 acknowledge and agree that ma will make no representation to its client with respect to any 
 warranty make by company . ma hereby agree to indemnify and hold company harmless for any loss , 
 damage ,   claim   or   action   result   from   ma ’s   failure   to   comply   with   any   of   ma ’s   obligation   under   this 
 agreement . ma will be solely responsible for any claim , warranty or representation make by ma or 
 ma 's representative or agent , which differ from the warranty , provide by company in the 
 applicable end user license agreement(s ) . 

 termination . 
 this agreement may be terminate by either party at the expiration of its term or 
 any renewal term upon thirty ( 30 ) day write notice to the other party . company 
 acknowledge   that   this   agreement   shall   not   be   terminate   for   ma ’s   failure   to   follow   an 
 operating plan , standard procedure , training manual , or substantial equivalent publish 
 in paragraph 3 ( k ) of this agreement , except that company do reserve the right to 
 terminate   this   agreement   for   ma ’s   failure   to   follow   require   procedure   relate   to   the 
 processing of sale contract , invoice and billing relate to technology sell under this 
 agreement . 
 either party may cancel this agreement upon the occurrence of any of the 
 following : 
 material breach of any covenant , term , condition or other provision of this 
 agreement , which breach be not remedied within ten ( 10 ) day after notice 
 of such breach be receive by the breach party ; 
 bankruptcy , reorganization , arrangement or insolvency proceeding be 
 institute by or against a party ; 
 an assignment by a party for the benefit of its creditor ; 
 consent to the appointment of a trustee or receiver by a party , or a 
 trustee or receiver be appoint for a party or for a substantial part of its 
 asset . 
 upon termination or cancellation of this agreement for any reason : 
 all obligation of the non - breaching party , should cancellation be due to 
 breach , shall immediately cease ; 
 ma shall return any and all full and/or partial copy of material relate to 
 the   technology ,   include   demonstration   of   the   technology ,   in   ma ’s 
 possession or under its control to company within ten ( 10 ) day follow 
 the termination or cancellation date of this agreement ; 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 ( c ) 
 ( d ) 
 ( e ) 
 ( f ) 
 ( g ) 
 19 . 
 19.1 
 ma shall not continue to use or employ any part of the technology as part 
 of any product which ma shall convey , assign , lease , license or transfer to 
 any third party ; 
 ma shall immediately cease advertising , marketing , promote and 
 distribute the technology and shall cease use the trade name , 
 trademark , service mark and any other proprietary right of company ; 
 except as otherwise permit in writing by company , ma shall 
 immediately cease sell annual technology maintenance and provide 
 application and technical support for the technology to client ; 
 all outstanding invoice shall immediately become due and payable ; and 
 ma acknowledge and agree that , in the event of a breach or threaten 
 breach by ma , of the provision of this section 18 , no adequate remedy at 
 law in money damage will be available to company that will fairly 
 compensate it and therefore company will be entitle to an injunction 
 against any such breach or threaten breach by ma . 
 confidential information . 
 " confidential information " define .   " confidential   information "   include :   ( a )   the 
 technology ( b ) any personally identifiable datum or information regard any end user ; 
 ( c ) any and all information disclose by company to ma , in whatever format , that be 
 either identify as or would reasonably be understand to be confidential and/or 
 proprietary ; ( d ) any note , extract , analysis or material prepare by ma which be 
 copy of or derivative work of confidential information or from which confidential 
 information can be infer or otherwise understand ; and ( e ) the term and condition 
 of   this   agreement .   " confidential   information "   do   not   include   information   receive 
 from company that ma can clearly establish by write evidence : ( x ) be or becomes 
 know to ma from a third party without an obligation to maintain its confidentiality ; ( y ) 
 be or becomes generally know to the public through no act or omission of ma ; or ( z ) be 
 independently develop by ma without the use of confidential information . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 19.2 
 19.3 
 20 . 
 21 . 
 22 . 
 " ma ” 's   obligation . ma will make no use of confidential information for any 
 purpose except as expressly authorize by this agreement . except as expressly 
 provide in this agreement , ma will not disclose confidential information to any third 
 party and will protect and treat all confidential information with the same degree of care 
 as it use to protect its own confidential information of like importance , but in no event 
 with less than reasonable care . except as expressly provide in this agreement , ma 
 will not use , make or have make any copy of confidential information , in whole or in 
 part , without the prior write authorization of company . in the event that ma be 
 require to disclose confidential information pursuant to law , ma will notify company 
 of the require disclosure with sufficient time for company to seek relief , will cooperate 
 with company in take appropriate protective measure , and will make such disclosure 
 in a fashion that maximize protection of the confidential information from further 
 disclosure . 
 privacy / datum collection . ma will at all time during the term of this agreement 
 maintain appropriate technical and organizational measure to protect any end - user datum 
 that it collect , access or process in connection with this agreement against 
 unauthorized or unlawful use , disclosure , processing or alteration . ma will act only on 
 company 's instruction in relation to the collection , use , disclosure and processing of 
 any such end - user datum , but in all instance in accordance with all applicable law , rule 
 and regulation . 
 non - assignment . 
 ma may not assign , sell , lease or otherwise transfer in whole or in party any of the right 
 grant pursuant to this agreement without prior write approval of company . 
 amendment . 
 no amendment , change or variance from this agreement shall be bind upon either party 
 unless execute in writing and sign by an authorized representative of the party to be charge . 
 severability and construction . 
 should any part of this agreement , for any reason , be declare invalid by a court of competent 
 jurisdiction , such determination shall be not affect the validity of any remain portion , and such 
 remain portion shall remain in force and effect as if this agreement have be execute with the invalid 
 portion eliminate . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 23 . 
 24 . 
 25 . 
 26 . 
 notice . 
 any notice require under this agreement shall be deem to have be give when hand- 
 deliver or on the date of mailing when mail by standard mail , postage prepay , and address to 
 the party to receive such notice at the address designate below , or such other address as the party 
 may from time to time direct in writing . 
 governing   law;   attorney ’s   fee . 
 this agreement be accept by company in the state of nevada and shall be govern by and 
 construe in accordance with the law thereof , which law shall prevail in the event of any conflict . for 
 such limited purpose , ma hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of any court of competent 
 jurisdiction in the state of nevada . if any legal action or proceeding be initiate , the prevail party shall 
 be entitle to all attorney fee , court cost , and expense in addition to any other relief to which such 
 prevail party may be entitle . 
 equitable relief . 
 ma acknowledge that any breach or threaten breach of this agreement involve an 
 unauthorized   use   of   confidential   information   or   company   and/or   its   affiliate ’s   intellectual   property   will 
 result in irreparable harm to company and/or its affiliate for which damage would not be an adequate 
 remedy , and therefore , in addition to its right and remedy otherwise available at law , company and/or 
 its affiliate will be entitle to seek injunctive or other equitable relief , as appropriate , and ma hereby 
 waif the right to require company and/or its affiliate to post a bond . if company and/or its affiliate 
 seek injunctive or other equitable relief in the event of a breach or threaten breach of this agreement 
 by ma involve an unauthorized use of confidential information or company and/or its affiliate 
 intellectual property , ma agree that it will not allege in any such proceeding that company and/or its 
 affiliate remedy at law be adequate . if company and/or its affiliate seek any equitable remedy , it will 
 not be preclude or prevent from seek remedy at law , nor will company and/or its affiliate be 
 deem to have make an election of remedy . 
 entire agreement . 
 this agreement contain the entire agreement between the party , and no representation , 
 statement or inducement , oral or write , not contain herein , shall be bind upon the party . 
 company expressly disclaim the making of , and ma acknowledge that it have not receive a warranty 
 or guaranty , express or imply , as to the potential volume , profit or success of the business venture 
 contemplate by this agreement . 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 company 
 birch first 
 investments inc . 
 a us virgin islands corporation 
 by : /s/ pier s. bjorklund 
 pier s. bjorklund , president 
 this agreement be execute as of the date set forth above . 
 ma 
 mount knowledge 
 holdings inc . 
 a nevada corporation 
 by : /s/ james d. beatty 
 james d. beatty , ceo and president 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 1 . 
 note 1 : 
 note 2 : 
 note 3 : 
 note 4 : 
 note 5 : 
 note 6 : 
 2 . 
 ( a ) 
 schedule a 
 marketing affiliate 
 technology pricing and term 
 technology pricing and term matrix . 
 ma 
 purchase 
 level1 
 ma 
 quota 
 ( unit or 
 dollars)2 
 ma 
 purchase 
 discount3 
 iii 
 1,000,001 and 
 above 
 25 
 ii 
 100,001 to 
 1,000,000 
 20 
 I 
  0 to 100,000 
 15 
 purchase level   –   refer   to   level   of   purchase   technology   on   an   annual   basis , 
 subject to annual review of the past twelve month follow the anniversary date of this 
 agreement . 
 purchase quota - refer to certain purchase amount level in which ma may 
 receive additional discount , subject to additional term and condition . 
 purchase discount   –   refer   to   the   applicable   discount   available   to   ma   purchase 
 make from company at levels ii and iii with level I be the original purchase price 
 per unit ( or package ) amount for the technology which ma pay company . 
 initial order commitment   –   ma   commit   to   purchase   a   minimum   of   100 
 unit in aggregate within the territory within the first six month of term of this 
 agreement . 
 sale person   –   ma   shall   at   all   time   have   certify   sale   person   train   by 
 company on staff in accordance with certain minimum define by each purchase level . 
 support person - ma shall at all time have certify support person train by 
 company on staff in accordance with certain minimum define by each purchase level . 
 technology description and pricing . 
 the   product   approve   for   sale   in   this   agreement   shall   be   refer   to   as   " eco "   relate   platform   and 
 content .   ( " technology " )   refer   to   as : 
 english   communication   online   ( eco )   ™ 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014 
 ( a ) 
 3 . 
 4 . 
 5 . 
 ( a ) 
 list pricing for technology shall be as follow : 
 ( price list for product and or service ) 
 service fee . 
 upon the execution of this agreement , ma shall pay to company a quarterly service fee ( the 
 " service   fee " )   in   the   amount   equal   to   we   15,000.00   on   the   first   day   of   each   quarter   for   the   term   of 
 this agreement as set forth in section 1 hereinabove , for each month that ma have no sale pursuant 
 to this schedule a , with the first payment due and payable on the date of execution of this agreement . 
 term . 
 unless otherwise approve by company , level i , ii and iii term for payment to company be net 
 30 day on technology license from company . 
 territory . 
 ma be authorize to resell technology within the following territory accord to the term of the 
 agreement : 
 worldwide 

 source : cybergy holding , inc . , 10 - q , 5/20/2014