exhibit 10.10 
 certain information in this exhibit have be omit and file separately 
 with the commission . confidential treatment have be request with respect 
 to the omit portion . 
  co - branding agreement 
  this co - branding agreement ( this " agreement " ) , date as of june 8 , 1999 , 
 be make by and between snap technology , inc . a california corporation have 
 its principal place of business at 111 townsend st . , san francisco , can 94107 
 ( " snap " ) , and , united airlines , inc . , a delaware corporation have its 
 principal place of business at 1200 e. algonquin road , elk grove township , il 
 60007 ( " sponsor " ) . 
  recital 
  a. snap provide access to application and other information and 
 content regard select and apply to and attend college and graduate 
 and professional degree program to end user via the world wide web; and 
  b. sponsor wish to obtain sponsorship placement on snap 's web site 
 and access to certain information pertain to snap 's end user . 
  agreement 
  now , therefore , the party agree as follow : 
 section 1 . definition 
  wherever use in this agreement with initial term capitalize , the 
 follow term shall have the follow define meaning : 
  " co - brand page " mean page of the snap web site , to be develop 
 pursuant to section 2.2 [ co - branded page ] and host on the snap web site , that display both the 
 snap brand feature and the sponsor brand feature , along with such sponsor 
 content , snap content and other content as the party may agree upon . 
  " confidential information " mean information of either party ( whether of a 
 technical , business or other nature ) which the other party know or reasonably 
 should know to be confidential or proprietary information of such party . 
  " intellectual property right " mean any patent , copyright , right in 
 trademark , trade secret right , moral right and other intellectual property or 
 proprietary right arise under the law of any jurisdiction . 
  " exclusive category " mean those product and/or service category 
 identify on exhibit a. 
  " snap brand feature " mean the snap mark and snap 's distinct brand 
 element that appear from time to time in snap 's property , venture and 
 service worldwide and be protect under u.s . copyright law or for which snap 
 have establish trademark , service mark or trade dress right and any 
 modification to the foregoing that may be create during the term of this 
 agreement . 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
  " snap content " mean any information , material or content develop by 
 snap for use on the sponsor web site . 
  " snap mark " mean those trademark of snap set forth on exhibit b hereto 
 and such other trademark as snap may from time to time notify sponsor to be 
 " snap mark " within the meaning of this agreement . 
  " snap web site " mean that web site , the primary home page for which be 
 locate at url http://www.collegedge.com ( and any successor or replacement 
 thereof ) . 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
  " sponsor content " mean any information , material or content supply by 
 or on behalf of sponsor , whether directly or indirectly , for use on the 
 co - brand page . 
  " sponsor brand feature " mean the sponsor mark and sponsor 's distinct 
 brand element that appear from time to time in sponsor 's property , venture 
 and service worldwide and be protect under u.s . copyright law or for which 
 sponsor have establish trademark , service mark or trade dress right and any 
 modification to the foregoing that may be create during the term of this 
 agreement . 
  " sponsor mark " mean those trademark of sponsor set forth on exhibit b 
 hereto and such other trademark ( if any ) as sponsor may from time to time 
 notify snap in write to be " sponsor mark " within the meaning of this 
 agreement . 
  " sponsor web site " mean that web site , the primary home page for which be 
 locate at url http://www.ual.com and any successor or replacement thereof . 
  " term " mean the term of this agreement as provide in section 4.1 [ term ] . 
  " trademark " mean any trademark , service mark , trade dress , trade 
 name , corporate name , proprietary logo or indicia and other source or 
 business identifier . 
  " web site " mean , with respect to any person or entity , all point of 
 presence and/or service maintain by such person or entity on the internet 
 ( include , without limitation , the world wide web ) or on any successor public 
 datum network . with respect to any web site maintain on the world wide web , 
 such web site include all html page ( or similar unit of information present 
 in any relevant data protocol ) that either ( a ) be identify by the same 
 second - level domain ( such as .com ) or by the same equivalent level identifi in 
 any relevant address scheme , or ( b ) contain branding , graphic , navigation or 
 other characteristic such that a user reasonably would conclude that the page 
 be part of an integrate information or service offering . 
 section 2 . content , co - branding and license 
  2.1 creation of content . follow the execution of this agreement , snap 
 and sponsor will work in good faith to develop the content specify in exhibit 
 c. all content to be include on the co - branded page shall be require to 
 comply with snap 's generally applicable content and technical guideline . 
  2.2 co - brand page . follow the execution of this agreement , snap 
 and sponsor will work in good faith to develop the co - brand page which may 
 include all or part of the 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
 sponsor content and/or the snap content . the co - brand page will have the 
 specification set forth on exhibit c. the co - branded page shall be require to 
 comply with snap 's generally applicable content and technical guideline . 
 sponsor will supply sponsor content and sponsor brand feature as agree upon by 
 the party for inclusion in the co - brand page . follow the development 
 thereof , snap shall use commercially reasonable effort to post and maintain the 
 co - branded page on the snap web site . snap may from time to time , in 
 consultation with sponsor , update and modify the co - brand page but may not 
 change sponsor content or sponsor brand feature , or do anything else with they , 
 without sponsor 's prior write consent . 
  2.3 license . 
  2.3.1 subject to section 2.4 [ approval of trademark usage ] , sponsor hereby grant snap a 
 non - exclusive , revocable nontransferable , royalty - free , worldwide license to : 
 ( a ) use , reproduce , publish , perform and display the sponsor mark and 
 sponsor brand feature on the co - brand pages; ( b ) link to the sponsor web 
 site from the co - brand page and/or the snap web site that contain the 
 co - branded page and ( c ) use , reproduce , publish , perform , and display the 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
 sponsor content in and on the co - brand page . all goodwill arise out of 
 snap 's use of any of the sponsor mark shall inure solely to the benefit of 
 sponsor . 
  2.3.2 subject to section 2.4 [ approval of trademark usage ] , snap hereby grant sponsor a 
 non - exclusive , nontransferable , royalty - free , worldwide license to ( a ) use , 
 reproduce , publish , perform and display the snap mark and snap brand 
 feature on the sponsor web site in connection with the logo link 
 contemplate by section 2.l , and in connection with its promotional and 
 marketing activity contemplate by section 2.5 [ promotion of snap service ] and ( b ) use , reproduce , 
 publish , perform and display the snap content on the sponsor web site or 
 other sponsor property as mutually agree by the party . all goodwill 
 arise out of sponsor 's use of any of the snap 's mark shall inure solely to 
 the benefit of snap . 
  2.4 approval of trademark usage . snap shall not use or exploit in any 
 manner any of the sponsor mark or sponsor brand feature , and sponsor shall not 
 use or exploit in any manner any of the snap mark or snap brand feature , 
 except in such manner and medium as may be specify in the other party 's 
 trademark usage and brand guideline or as the other party may consent to in 
 writing . either party may revise such guideline or revoke or modify any such 
 consent upon write notice to the other party . 
  2.5 promotion of snap service . commence upon the date of this 
 agreement and thereafter throughout the term sponsor will use its commercially 
 reasonable effort ( subject to the term of this agreement ) to generally promote 
 and market snap and the snap web site . in addition , sponsor will perform those 
 specific promotional and marketing service specify on exhibit d. 
  2.6 exclusive sponsorship . during the term , snap will not grant any 
 third party any right to sponsor any product or service in the exclusive 
 category on or through the snap web site . for the avoidance of doubt , the 
 party acknowledge that the foregoing restriction apply only to persistent 
 sponsorship placement as judge by sponsor at its discretion , and not to 
 run - of - site banner advertisement or other rotate promotional placement . 
  2.7 snap user data . snap will distribute marketing message on behalf of 
 sponsor to snap 's end user via electronic mail and other method of 
 communication as mutually agree by the party . furthermore , snap will make 
 available to sponsor necessary end user datum as reasonably 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
 appropriate for marketing purpose , include , without limitation , 
 pre - populating end user datum into online frequent flier account application . 
 sponsor acknowledge that all such end user datum that be generate by snap be 
 valuable proprietary information of snap and sponsor agree that any use of such 
 end user datum will limit solely to use for purpose of deliver superior 
 travel value to snap end user and for no other purpose . furthermore , sponsor 
 acknowledge that any use of snap end user datum shall be limit to the extent 
 allow by and subject to snap 's agreement with such end users; provide , 
 however , that snap represent and warrant that such agreement with its end 
 user will not increase sponsor 's duty or decrease its right , nor reduce 
 snap obligation to sponsor hereunder without sponsor 's prior write 
 permission . 
 section 3 . compensation and report 
  3.1 up - front payment . upon execution of this agreement , sponsor will pay 
 snap the amount set forth on exhibit a as the " up - front fee " in consideration 
 of snap 's development and integration of travel - relate content for use on the 
 co - brand page and/or the sponsor web site . 
  3.2 quarterly fee payment . sponsor will pay snap the quarterly fee as 
 set forth below on exhibit a hereto . 
  3.3 launch of travel co - brand page . after execution of this 
 agreement , the party shall work together cooperatively to determine a mutually 
 agreeable timeline for the launch of the co - brand page . if the party 
 determine that an adjustment to the timing of quarterly payment hereunder be 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
 appropriate , the party may amend the quarterly payment schedule set forth on 
 exhibit a hereto with a write amendment sign by both party . 
 section 4 . term and termination 
  4.1 term . the term shall commence on the date of this agreement and , 
 unless early terminate or extend as provide below , shall end as of 
 december 31 , 2000 . 
  4.2 termination . either party may terminate the term upon not less 
 than sixty ( 60 ) day prior write notice to the other party of any breach 
 hereof by such other party . in addition , either party may terminate the term 
 immediately upon write notice in the event that the other party shall fail 
 to do business in the normal course or become subject to any bankruptcy , 
 assignment for creditor , corporate dissolution or similar proceeding . 
  4.3 effect of termination . upon termination or expiration of the term 
 for any reason , all right and obligation of the party under this agreement 
 shall be extinguish , except that : ( a ) the right and obligation of the 
 party under section 5 , 6 , 7 and 8 of this agreement , along with all accrue 
 payment obligation of sponsor ( i.e. the up - front payment reference in section 
 3.1 [ up - front payment ] and set forth in exhibit a hereof ) , shall survive any termination or 
 expiration of the term . 
  4.4 right of first refusal . in the event of termination or expiration 
 of this agreement for other than a material breach of this agreement by 
 sponsor , upon notice from sponsor deliver to snap at least forty - five ( 45 ) 
 day prior to such expiration or termination , snap shall negotiate in good 
 faith an agreement provide sponsor with sponsorship right similar to those 
 describe herein on term and condition to be mutually agree upon by the 
 party . in the event that an agreement 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
 between the party be not execute within thirty ( 30 ) day follow 
 delivery , of such notice to snap , snap shall be free thereafter to enter into 
 an such an agreement with any third party . 
 section 5 . representation and warranties; indemnity 
  5.1 snap representation and warranty . snap represent and warrant to 
 sponsor that : 
  ( a ) it have full power and authority to enter into this agreement; 
  ( b ) the execution , delivery and performance by snap of this 
 agreement will not violate any law , statute or other governmental regulation , 
 and will not violate any other agreement or instrument to which snap be a party; 
 and 
  ( c ) the use of the snap content will not violate or infringe any 
 intellectual property right or other right of any third party . 
  5.2 sponsor representation and warranty . sponsor represent and 
 warrant to snap that : 
  ( a ) it have full power and authority to enter into this agreement; 
  ( b ) neither the execution , delivery and performance by sponsor of 
 this agreement , nor the performance of ticket service by sponsor , in 
 connection with the co - brand page , will violate any law , statute or other 
 governmental regulation or any other agreement or instrument to which sponsor be 
 a party; and 
  ( c ) the use of the sponsor content will not violate or infringe any 
 intellectual property right or other right of any third party . 
 section 6 . exclusions; no liability 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
  6.1 warranty exclude . neither party make any other representation 
 or warranty of any kind , express or imply , in connection with this agreement 
 or the transaction contemplate hereby . without limit the generality of the 
 foregoing : ( a ) snap make no representation or warranty with respect to the 
 snap web site , snap brand feature or any other item or service provide by 
 snap , include , without limitation , any imply warranty arise by usage of 
 trade , course of dealing or course of performance , any imply warranty of 
 merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose and any imply warranty of 
 non - infringement; ( b ) sponsor acknowledge that the snap web site ( include any 
 server or other hardware , software and any other item use or provide by snap 
 in connection with the snap web site ) and snap brand feature be provide " as 
 be " and that snap make no warranty that the snap web site will be free from 
 bug , fault , defect or error or that access to the snap web site will be 
 uninterrupted; ( c ) sponsor make no representation or warranty with respect 
 to the sponsor web site , 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
 sponsor brand feature or any other item or service provide by sponsor , 
 include , without limitation , any imply warranty arise by usage of trade , 
 course of dealing or course of performance , any imply warranty of 
 merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose and any imply warranty of 
 non - infringement; and ( d ) snap acknowledge that the sponsor web site ( include 
 any server or other hardware , software and any other item use or provide by 
 sponsor in connection with the sponsor web site ) and sponsor brand feature be 
 provide " as be " and that sponsor make no warranty that the sponsor web site 
 will be free from bug , fault , defect or error or that access to the sponsor 
 web site will be uninterrupte . 
  6.2 limitation of liability . neither party will have any liability for , 
 and each party hereby waif and disclaim , any and all claim and cause of 
 action against the other party , whether in contract , tort ( include , without 
 limitation , negligence and strict liability ) , warranty or otherwise , relate to 
 any indirect , consequential or exemplary damage , in each case , arise out of 
 or in connection with this agreement ( include any breach hereof ) or any of the 
 transaction contemplate hereby . 
 section 7 . ownership 
  7.1 sponsor . as between the party , sponsor retain all right , title 
 and interest in and to the sponsor web site , the sponsor content and the sponsor 
 mark and other sponsor brand feature , along with all intellectual property 
 right associate with any of the foregoing . 
  7.2 snap . as between the party , snap retain all right , title and 
 interest in and to : ( a ) the snap content , snap web site ( include , without 
 limitation , any and all snap web site content ( other than the sponsor content ) , 
 sponsor generate datum , url , domain name , technology , hardware , software , 
 code , know - how , technique , algorithm , process , user interface , " look and 
 feel " , trademark and any other item post thereon or use in connection or 
 associate therewith ) and the snap mark and other snap brand feature , along 
 with all intellectual property right associate with any of the foregoing . 
  7.3 other trademark . snap shall not register or attempt to register any 
 of the sponsor mark or any trademark which sponsor reasonably deem to be 
 confusingly similar to any of the sponsor mark . sponsor shall not register or 
 attempt to register any of the snap mark or any trademark which snap 
 reasonably deem to be confusingly similar to any of the snap mark . 
  7.4 further assurance . each party shall take , at the other party 's 
 expense , such action ( include , without limitation , execution of affidavit or 
 other document ) as the other party may reasonably request to effect , perfect or 
 confirm such other party 's ownership interest and other right as set forth 
 above in this section 7 . 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
 section 8 . general provision 
  8.1 confidentiality . during the term , and for a period of five ( 5 ) year 
 thereafter , the receive party will not disclose to other or use for any 
 purpose of its own , other than in performance of this agreement , any 
 confidential information of the other party . each party shall take , at a 
 minimum , measure consistent with those take to protect its own similar type 
 of confidential information ( and in any event , at least reasonable measure ) to 
 protect the other 's confidential information against disclosure prohibit by 
 this agreement . each party acknowledge that its breach of the provision of 
 this section 8.1 [ confidentiality ] will result in immediate and irreparable harm to the other and 
 that money damage alone would be inadequate to compensate such party . 
 therefore , in the event of a breach of this section 8.1 [ confidentiality ] by either party the 
 other party may , in addition to other remedy , immediately obtain and enforce 
 injunctive relief prohibit the breach or threaten breach or compelling 
 specific performance . notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement , the 
 restriction set forth in this section 8.1 [ confidentiality ] shall not apply to any information 
 that : ( i ) be in or enter the public domain through no fault of the receiving 
 party; ( ii ) be disclose to the receive party by a third party legally 
 entitle to make such disclosure; ( iii ) be independently develop by the 
 receive party without reference to any confidential information of the other 
 party; or ( iv ) be require to be disclose by applicable law , regulation or 
 order of any governmental authority; provide , that in such event , the receiving 
 party shall provide the disclosing party with prior notice that be reasonable in 
 the circumstance of such disclosure and shall use reasonable effort to 
 cooperate with the disclosing party to minimize the extent and scope of such 
 disclosure . 
  8.2 independent contractor . sponsor and snap be independent 
 contractor under this agreement , and nothing herein shall be construe to 
 create a partnership , joint venture , franchise or agency relationship between 
 sponsor and snap . neither party have any authority to enter into agreement of 
 any kind on behalf of the other party . 
  8.3 assignment . neither party may assign this agreement or any of its 
 right or delegate any of its duty under this agreement without the prior 
 write consent of the other party , not to be unreasonably withheld; except that 
 either party may , without the other party 's consent , assign this agreement or 
 any of its right or delegate any of its duty under this agreement : ( a ) to any 
 corporate affiliate of such party; or ( b ) to any purchaser of all or 
 substantially all of such party 's asset or to any successor by way of merger , 
 consolidation or similar transaction . subject to the foregoing , this agreement 
 will be bind upon , enforceable by , and inure to the benefit of the party 
 and their respective successor and assign . 
  8.4 choice of law; forum selection . this agreement shall be govern by , 
 and construe in accordance with , the law of the state of california without 
 reference to its choice of law rule . sponsor hereby irrevocably consent to 
 personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal court locate in san 
 francisco , california with respect to any action , claim or proceeding arise 
 out of or in connection with this agreement . 
  8.5 nonwaiver . no waiver of any breach of any provision of this 
 agreement shall constitute a waiver of any prior , concurrent or subsequent 
 breach of the same or any other provision hereof , and no waiver shall be 
 effective unless make in writing and sign by an authorized representative of 
 the waive party . 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
  8.6 force majeure . neither party shall be deem to be in default of or 
 to have breach any provision of this agreement as a result of any delay , 
 failure in performance or interruption of service , result directly or 
 indirectly from act of god , act of civil or military authority , civil 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
 disturbance , war , strike or other labor dispute , fire , transportation 
 contingency , interruption in telecommunication or internet service or 
 network provider service , other catastrophe or any other occurrence which be 
 beyond such party 's reasonable control . 
  8.7 notice . any notice or other communication require or permit to 
 be give hereunder shall be give in writing and deliver by first class u.s . 
 mail , in person , or mail via confirm facsimile or e - mail , or deliver by 
 courier service , properly address and stamp with the required postage , to 
 the person sign this agreement on behalf of the applicable party at its 
 address specify above and shall be deem effective upon receipt . either party 
 may from time to time change the person to receive notice or its address by 
 give the other party notice of the change in accordance with this section : 
  8.8 integration . this agreement contain the entire understanding of the 
 party hereto with respect to the transaction and matter contemplate hereby , 
 supersede all previous agreement or negotiation between snap and sponsor 
 concern the subject matter hereof , and can not be amend except by a writing 
 sign by both party . if any provision of this agreement shall be adjudge by 
 any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid , that 
 provision shall be limit or eliminate to the minimum extent necessary so that 
 this agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable . 
  in witness whereof , the party have duly execute and deliver this 
 agreement as of the date set forth above . 
 snap : sponsor : 
 snap technologies united airlines , inc . 
 by : /s/ howard berman by : /s/ [ ] 
  ---------------------------------- -------------------------------------- 
 name : howard berman name : [ ] 
  -------------------------------- ------------------------------------ 
 title : chief operating officer title : director electronic distribution 
  ------------------------------- ----------------------------------- 
 date : june 8 , 1999 date : june 8 , 1999 
  -------------------------------- ------------------------------------ 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
  exhibit a 
  payment and exclusivity 
  1 . the exclusive category be " provider of travel service " . 
  2 . the up - front payment call for by section 3.1 will be [ ] . 
  3 . sponsor shall pay the follow non - accrued obligation quarterly 
 fee on or prior to the follow date : 

  june 30 , 1999 [ ] 
  september 30 , 1999 [ ] 
  december 31 , 1999 [ ] 
  march 31 , 2000 [ ] 
  june 30 , 2000 [ ] 
  september 30 , 2000 [ ] 
  december 31 , 2000 [ ] 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
  exhibit b 
  trademark 
  the follow trademark of sponsor as well as additional trademark of 
 sponsor add at a later date relate to the development of the united student 
 travel center be " sponsor mark " as that term be use in this agreement . 
  united airlines logo ( forthcoming ) 
  collegeplus logo ( forthcoming ) 
  the follow trademark of snap be " snap mark " as that term be use in 
 this agreement : 
 [ logo ] 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
  exhibit c 
  specification of content and co - brand page 
  snap content 
  the follow content shall be develop by snap ( with input from sponsor ) 
 and provide to sponsor for inclusion on the sponsor web site : 
 - - travel relate content on the " go to school " section of the snap site 
  for student seek to enter college , graduate school , professional 
  school or esl program . this content shall include but not be limit to 
  informational article on how to pack for travel , frequent flyer program , 
  and travel tip , etc . content idea or article may be provide by sponsor 
  or by snap . snap will edit or write these article as necessary to fit the 
  overall tone of the site . 
 - - as other area of the snap site be develop that may pertain to travel , 
  sponsor and snap will look to develop travel relate content in a similar 
  fashion as above . 
 - - snap agree to include sponsor special and e - fare relate information in 
  snap 's monthly newsletter to snap 's registered user . the input will be 
  provide by sponsor but may be adjust by snap to fit the overall tone of 
  the newsletter . the sponsor 's input to the newsletter may include button 
  or link back to the sponsor 's booking engine or its e - fare - register 
  trademark- so that user may , for example , actually book ticket or sign - up 
  for weekly e - fare - register trademark- notification . 
  sponsor content 
  the follow content shall be develop by sponsor ( with input from snap ) 
 and provide to snap for inclusion on the co - brand page : 
 - - the sponsor shall develop a student travel site that will include a 
  booking engine and e - fare - register trademark- engine . snap user may link 
  to this site through the snap store or through any other relevant page on 
  the snap site . user who connect from the snap site will be link to or 
  from the co - branded or snap page by a logo link contain the snap brand 
  feature to be supply by snap which link back to the snap web site . this 
  logo link will be place in a mutually acceptable " above the fold " location 
  on the sponsor site ( base on a 640x450 pixel screen ) . 
 - - sponsor agree that user who connect from the snap site shall be at least 
  one click away from any page which mention the collegeplus or mileageplus 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999 
  first card credit card . 
 - - sponsor will work with snap to develop content idea and article for the 
  " go to school " and other area on the snap site as outline above . 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
  exhibit d 
  sponsor promotional activity 
  sponsor and snap shall work together to create mutually acceptable content 
 for inclusion on the " go to school " section of the snap web site . 
  on each page of the sponsor web site link to or from the co - brand 
 page or contain any snap content , sponsor shall include , in a mutually 
 acceptable " above - the - fold " location ( base on a 640x480 pixel screen ) , a logo 
 link contain the snap brand feature , to be supply by snap , which link 
 back to the snap web site . 
  sponsor shall make available to snap [ ] of advertising placement 
 ( base on sponsor 's standard price for the same or similar advertising ) during 
 each the calendar year 1999 and 2000 in marketing vehicle own or control 
 by sponsor as reasonably request by snap for the purpose of market the 
 co - branded page and the service provide on such page . the party 
 acknowledge that snap have elect to use hemisphere magazine as the initial 
 marketing vehicle . snap acknowledge that marketing piece include in sponsor 's 
 marketing vehicle must be reasonably consistent with the overall message 
 deliver by such vehicle . 
  sponsor shall develop a its new proprietary product category to be offer 
 through the co - brand page that shall represent a college - orient electronic 
 fare base on sponsor 's e - fare - register trademark- product . it be the party ' 
 expectation that the investment require of sponsor to deliver this new product 
 category to the relationship describe in this agreement shall be 
 approximately [ ] . 
  sponsor shall make available to snap [ ] worth of travel on sponsor 's 
 airline ( [ ] in calendar 1999 and [ ] in calendar 2000 ) to be give away by 
 snap through a sweepstake process as a promotional tool . snap shall be free 
 to elect to give away domestic or international travel in its sole election 
 and will be credit [ ] per domestic roundtrip ticket give away and [ ] per 
 international roundtrip ticket give away . in the event that the party 
 mutually determine that the sweepstake form of promotion be a valuable 
 marketing tool , the party may agree to make additional ticket available to 
 be give away . 
 co - branding agreement 
  snap confidential 
  portion of this exhibit have be omit and file separately with the 
  commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under rule 406 . 
 source : embark com inc , s-1 / a , 10/8/1999