exhibit 10.4 
  co - branding agreement 
 this co - branding agreement ( this " agreement " ) date september 30 , 1999 ( the 
 " effective date " ) be enter into between verticalnet , inc . , a pennsylvania 
 corporation have a principal place of business at 700 dresher road , suite 100 , 
 horsham , pennsylvania , pa 19044 ( " verticalnet " ) , and paperexchange.com , llc , a 
 delaware limited liability company have a principal place of business at 545 
 boylston street , 8th floor , boston , ma 02116 ( " paperexchange " ) . in consideration 
 of the mutual covenant herein , and intend to be legally bind hereby , the 
 party agree as follow : 
 1 . definition 
  1.1 . affiliate shall mean , when use with reference to a party , any 
 individual or entity directly or indirectly control , control by or under 
 common control with such party . for purpose of this definition , " control " mean 
 the direct or indirect ownership of at least 50 of the outstanding voting 
 security of a party , or the right to control the policy decision of such 
 party . 
  1.2 . career center net revenue shall have the meaning ascribe thereto in 
 section 7.1.1 [ co - branded career center ] . 
  1.3 . co - branded career center shall mean the " career center " portion of 
 pulp and paper online locate at : 
 http://www.pulpandpaperonline.com/content/careercenter/home/jobscan_home.asp ( or 
 a successor site thereto ) . 
  1.4 . co - branded equipment listing shall mean the " auction " portion of 
 pulp and paper online locate at : 
 http://www2.pulpandpaperonline.com/content/auctions/home.asp ( or a successor 
 site thereto ) . 
  1.5 . co - branded site shall mean the co - branded career center and the 
 co - branded equipment listing . 
  1.6 . co - branded url shall mean the mutually agree - upon url which shall 
 be register jointly by verticalnet and paperexchange and shall route user 
 through to the co - brand site . 
  1.7 . confidential information shall mean all proprietary and confidential 
 information of a party , include , without limitation , trade secret , technical 
 information , business information , sale information , customer and potential 
 customer list and identity , product sale plan , sublicense agreement , 
 invention , development , discovery , software , know - how , method , technique , 
 formulae , datum , process and other trade secret and proprietary idea , whether 
 or not protectable under patent , trademark , copyright or other area of law , 
 that the other party have access to or receive , but do not include information 
 that ( a ) be or become publicly available through no fault of receive party; 
 ( b ) be already know to the receive party at the time it be disclose to the 
 receive party , as evidence by write record of the receive party; ( c ) be 
 independently develop by employee of the receive party who have no knowledge 
 of or 
  confidential treatment request : material have be omit and file 
  separately with the commission . 
 access to such information , as evidence by write record of the receiving 
 party; or ( d ) be receive from a third party who be under no obligation of 
 confidentiality to the disclosing party . 
  1.8 . equipment listing net revenue shall have the meaning ascribe 
 thereto in section 7.1.2 [ co - branded equipment listing ] . 
  1.9 . initial term shall mean the effective date through the day prior to 
 the fourth anniversary of the effective date , unless early terminate pursuant 
 to section 8 . 
  1.10 . intellectual property shall mean any and all trade secret , patent , 
 copyright , trademark , url , trade dress , brand feature , know - how and similar 
 right of any type under the law of any applicable governmental authority , 
 include , without limitation , all application and registration relate to 
 any of the foregoing . 
  1.11 . intellectual property right shall mean all right in and to 
 intellectual property . 
  1.12 . link shall mean a link ( include , but not limit to , a hyperlink , 
 button or banner ) that connect two site in a manner so that when a user click 
 on the link , the user be transfer directly from one site to a second site . a 
 " link from site a to site b " indicate that site a be the site of origin and 
 site b be the site to which the user be link . 
  1.13 . net advertising revenue shall mean the gross amount bill to an 
 advertiser for the sale of advertising on the third party advertising allocation 
 on the paperexchange site , less ( a ) credit for claim , allowance , retroactive 
 price reduction or return good , and ( b ) sale , excise , use , value - add and 
 other similar taxis ( exclude income taxis ) actually pay , if applicable . 
  1.14 . package online shall mean the site locate at 
 www.packagingonline.com ( or a successor site thereto ) . 
  1.15 . paperexchange career content shall have the meaning ascribe thereto 
 in section 2.2 [ co - branded career center and co - branded ... ] . 
  1.16 . paperexchange competitor shall mean any exchange , auction or reverse 
 auction for the sale , purchase and/or exchange of pulp , paper and paper 
 packaging . 
  1.17 . paperexchange equipment content shall have the meaning ascribe 
 thereto in section 2.2 [ co - branded career center and co - branded ... ] . 
  1.18 . paperexchange deliverable shall mean any good , service or other item 
 to be deliver or make available by paperexchange . 
  1.19 . paperexchange home page shall mean the home page locate at the 
 paperexchange site . 
  1.20 . paperexchange link shall mean a link that contain a paperexchange 
 mark and will take user of other site to the paperexchange home page . 

 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
  1.21 . paperexchange mark shall mean any trademark , service mark , trade 
 name , domain name , design or logo of paperexchange . 
  1.22 . paperexchange revenue shall mean the gross revenue receive by 
 paperexchange from transaction fee less ( a ) credit for claim , allowance , 
 retroactive price reduction or return good , and ( b ) sale , excise , use , 
 value - add and other similar taxis ( exclude income taxis ) actually pay . 
  1.23 . paperexchange site shall mean the site locate at 
 www.paperexchange.com ( or a successor site thereto ) . 
  1.24 . pulp and paper online shall mean the site locate at 
 www.pulpandpaperonline.com ( or a successor site thereto ) . 
  1.25 . pulp and paper online competitor shall mean any online vertical 
 community portal for professional in the pulp and paper industry ( other than 
 pulp and paper online and paperexchange ) . 
  1.26 . renewal term shall have the meaning ascribe thereto in section 8.1 [ automatic renewal ] . 
  1.27 . site shall mean an internet world wide web site . 
  1.28 . storefront shall mean a site contain in ( and link to ) a 
 verticalnet site that , among other thing , provide information regard an 
 advertiser and the advertiser 's product and/or service , link a visitor to the 
 advertiser 's website , and/or generate sale lead for the advertiser from 
 interested visitor , but do not include direct e - commerce fulfillment , such as 
 catalog sale . 
  1.29 . term shall mean the initial term and any renewal term . 
  1.30 . third party advertising allocation shall have the meaning ascribe 
 thereto in section 4.1 [ advertisement on the paperexchange site ] . 
  1.31 . transaction fee shall mean the fee receive by paperexchange from 
 third party in consideration for facilitate the purchase and/or sale of pulp 
 and/or paper through the paperexchange site . 
  1.32 . verticalnet archive content shall have the meaning ascribe thereto 
 in section 3.2 [ verticalnet content ] . 
  1.33 . verticalnet content shall have the meaning ascribe thereto in 
 section 3.1 [ verticalnet content ] . 
  1.34 . verticalnet deliverable shall mean any good , service or other item 
 to be deliver or make available by verticalnet . 
  1.35 . verticalnet link shall mean a link that contain a verticalnet mark 
 and will take user of other site to a page of pulp and paper online . 

  1.36 . verticalnet mark shall mean any trademark , service mark , trade name , 
 domain name , design or logo of verticalnet . 
 2 . co - branded career center and co - branded equipment listing 
  2.1 . no later than seven day after the effective date , verticalnet shall , 
 at verticalnet 's sole cost and expense , design , develop and implement the 
 co - brand site with the overall " look and feel " agree upon by verticalnet and 
 paperexchange , as show in exhibit a. after the co - brand site be 
 implement , verticalnet shall notify paperexchange in write at least five 
 day prior to make any material change to a co - brand site , include , 
 without limitation , a change in the location , sizing or placement of the 
 paperexchange link . if paperexchange do not notify verticalnet of its 
 rejection of such change within five day , paperexchange shall be deem to have 
 approve such change . verticalnet shall design , host and maintain the co - brand 
 site at its sole cost and expense . within 30 day after the effective date , 
 verticalnet and paperexchange shall agree upon the co - brand url . the party 
 shall register the co - brand url reasonably promptly after the party have 
 agree upon they . 
  2.2 . from time to time , paperexchange shall provide to verticalnet , at 
 paperexchange 's sole cost and expense , relevant content provide to it by third 
 party consist of ( a ) job listing for inclusion , at verticalnet 's 
 reasonable business discretion and at verticalnet 's then current listing rate , 
 in the co - branded career center or on any other verticalnet site except a site 
 co - brand with a paperexchange competitor ( the " paperexchange career content " ) 
 and ( b ) equipment listing for inclusion , at verticalnet 's reasonable business 
 discretion and at verticalnet 's then current listing rate , in the co - brand 
 equipment listing or on any other verticalnet site except a site co - brand 
 with a paperexchange competitor ( the " paperexchange equipment content " , and 
 together with the paperexchange career content , the " paperexchange content " ) . 
 paperexchange shall not provide such paperexchange content to verticalnet until 
 the third party place the listing have agree to verticalnet 's then current 
 term and condition , subject to final approval by verticalnet . paperexchange 
 shall provide the paperexchange content in the form of the template attach 
 hereto as exhibit b and c. any listing place on the co - brand site ( or 
 other verticalnet site as permit in this section 2.2 [ co - branded career center and co - branded ... ] ) by a user that enter 
 the co - branded site or permit verticalnet site , as applicable , from a 
 paperexchange site or from a link to pulp and paper online jointly place by 
 verticalnet and paperexchange , or place solely by paperexchange , on a third 
 party 's site shall be treat as " paperexchange content " for all purpose of 
 this agreement . verticalnet shall be responsible for , and shall have sole 
 control of , all credit , billing and collection in connection with the 
 paperexchange content . paperexchange shall have no authority to make collection 
 on behalf of verticalnet . 
  2.3 . paperexchange hereby grant verticalnet an exclusive license to use , 
 modify , enhance , reproduce , display , perform and transmit the paperexchange 
 content , subject to and in accordance with the term , condition and provision 
 of this agreement . verticalnet shall not disclose , transfer or otherwise provide 
 the paperexchange content to any third party , include , but not limit to , any 
 paperexchange competitor , except as otherwise permit under this agreement . 

  2.4 . paperexchange shall , at paperexchange 's sole cost and expense , place 
 link on the paperexchange home page label " career center " and " equipment 
 listing " ( or mutually agreeable substitute for such term ) in a mutually 
 agreeable location and size that will directly transfer user to the co - brand 
 site . 
  2.5 . verticalnet , in its reasonable business discretion , shall market the 
 co - branded site on pulp and paper online , at pulp and paper industry trade 
 show , in its print advertisement campaign and through its sale force . such 
 marketing activity shall be at verticalnet 's sole cost and expense . 
  2.6 . paperexchange , in its reasonable business discretion , shall market 
 the co - brand site on the paperexchange home page , at pulp and paper industry 
 trade show , in its print advertisement campaign and through its sale force . 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 such marketing activity shall be at paperexchange 's sole cost and expense . 
  2.7 . verticalnet will provide , install , repair , maintain and pay for the 
 communication , computer and peripheral equipment , service and facility 
 support the co - brand site . verticalnet shall maintain the co - brand site 
 in a high quality and professional manner consistent with its maintenance of 
 other verticalnet site . verticalnet and paperexchange shall be responsible for 
 the sale of all advertising on the co - branded sites; provide , however , that 
 neither party shall sell advertising on the co - brand site to a competitor ( as 
 define in 1.16 and 1.25 ) and provide that each party shall submit any propose 
 advertising for the co - brand site to the other party for its prior write 
 approval , such approval not to be unreasonably withhold , delay or condition . 
  2.8 . verticalnet shall be solely responsible for the development , 
 operation and maintenance of pulp and paper online and for all material that 
 appear on pulp and paper online , except for the paperexchange content . 
  2.9 . paperexchange shall be solely responsible for the development , 
 operation and maintenance of the paperexchange site and for all material that 
 appear on the paperexchange site , except for the verticalnet content and the 
 verticalnet archived content . 
 3 . verticalnet content 
  3.1 . verticalnet shall provide or make available to paperexchange , for use 
 in accordance with the provision of this agreement , ( a ) the full text of all 
 original content ( headline , feature article , column and case study ) create 
 from time to time by the manage editor of pulp and paper online , and ( b ) the 
 content create from time to time by guest columnist for pulp and paper online , 
 to the extent such columnist have approve the provision of such content by 
 verticalnet to paperexchange . verticalnet shall provide such content ( the 
 " verticalnet content " ) to paperexchange twice per week , in two " batch " of the 
 verticalnet content create or acquire since the last provision of verticalnet 
 content by verticalnet to paperexchange . 
  3.2 . verticalnet hereby grant to paperexchange a non - exclusive , 
 non - transferable license to use , reproduce , display and transmit the verticalnet 
 content , solely in connection with the development , maintenance and operation of 
 the paperexchange site , subject to and in accordance with the term , condition 
 and provision of this agreement . paperexchange may 

 reproduce , display and transmit any verticalnet content for up to three week on 
 the paperexchange site , and after the expiration of such three week period 
 paperexchange shall cease to reproduce , display and transmit such verticalnet 
 content and remove such verticalnet content from the paperexchange site . 
  3.3 . paperexchange shall place a verticalnet link in a mutually agreeable 
 location and size on each page of the paperexchange site that contain all or a 
 portion of the verticalnet content . 
  3.4 . paperexchange shall list on a mutually acceptable page of the 
 paperexchange site headline and abstract of the verticalnet content then 
 reproduce , display and transmit on the paperexchange site . paperexchange 
 shall place two verticalnet link in mutually agreeable location and size on 
 such page of the paperexchange site , the first of which will take user to the 
 buyer 's guide on pulp and paper online , and the second of which will take user 
 to the professional e - bookstore on pulp and paper online . verticalnet and 
 paperexchange shall mutually agree upon the method of implement such link . 
  3.5 . paperexchange shall not remove any title or any trademark , copyright 
 or patent notice , or any proprietary or restricted right notice that appear 
 on the verticalnet content and/or the verticalnet archive content . all such 
 title and notice must be reproduce on all permit copy of the verticalnet 
 content and/or the verticalnet archive content . 
  3.6 . during the term , verticalnet will not disclose , transfer or otherwise 
 provide the verticalnet content and/or the verticalnet archive content to any 
 paperexchange competitor . 
 4 . advertising 
  4.1 . advertisement on the paperexchange site . 
  4.1.1 . during the term , verticalnet shall have the exclusive 
 right to arrange for the sale of of the third party advertising 
 inventory ( which shall consist of a minimum of one advertisement per page on 
 each of the " co - branded equipment , " " co - branded career , " " resource " and 
 " home page " section or successor , replacement or substitute section ) of the 
 paperexchange site and shall be consistent with the amount of advertising on 
 other business to business vertical site on the paperexchange site ( the 
 " third party advertising allocation " ) . paperexchange shall retain the right 
 to place advertisement for its own account on the remaining of the 
 third party advertising allocation; provide , however , that if any portion of 
 such third party advertising allocation remain unsold 45 day after it 
 become available for advertising , verticalnet shall have the exclusive right 
 to arrange for third party advertising on such unsold third party advertising 
 allocation . 
  4.1.2 . verticalnet will use reasonable effort to sell 
 advertisement on the paperexchange site . the advertising policy ( include 
 rate and procedure ) applicable to verticalnet 's sale of advertising for the 
 paperexchange site will be mutually agree upon by verticalnet and paperexchange 
 ( the " paperexchange advertising policy " ) . any change to the agree upon 
 paperexchange advertising policy shall be mutually agree upon by the party . 
  confidential treatment request : material have be omit and file 
  separately with the commission . 

  4.1.3 . verticalnet shall provide notice to the director of online 
 marketing of paperexchange of each advertiser that agree to place an 
 advertisement on a paperexchange site on the term and condition contain in 
 the then current paperexchange advertising policy . paperexchange shall then 
 have three business day after receipt of such notice to ( a ) accept or reject 
 such advertiser , in its reasonable business discretion , and ( b ) notify 
 verticalnet of its decision . if , at the end of such three - day period , 
 paperexchange have not respond to such notice , paperexchange shall be deem to 
 have accept such advertiser . paperexchange shall then work with the advertiser 
 to facilitate the placement of the advertisement and maintain such advertisement 
 on the agree - upon page of the paperexchange site . paperexchange shall have the 
 right to terminate its agreement with any such advertiser in its reasonable 
 business discretion . to the extent an advertisement of equivalent size and 
 location appear on both pulp and paper online and the paperexchange site , the 
 party shall mutually agree upon the cpm , cpc or other use - base advertising 
 rate , which rate shall be identical for such advertisement . paperexchange 
 shall be responsible for , and shall have sole control of , all credit , billing 
 and collection with the advertisement on the paperexchange site . verticalnet 
 shall have no authority to make collection on behalf of paperexchange . 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
  4.2 . sale lead . paperexchange will , in its sole discretion , request that 
 its board of director and veteran industry sale force use reasonable effort 
 to provide pulp and paper industry specific sale strategy and specific sale 
 lead to verticalnet . such strategy and lead shall include segment of the 
 industry that be currently lack effective advertising solution , and how 
 such industry participant could be market to by verticalnet for the purpose 
 of this section 4 . verticalnet may only use the information provide to they 
 pursuant to this section 4.2 [ sale lead ] in connection with its performance under this 
 section 4 . 
  4.3 . non - competition . 
  4.3.1 . during the term , verticalnet shall not ( a ) act as an 
 advertising agent or representative for any paperexchange competitor and ( b ) 
 place any advertisement on pulp and paper online from any paperexchange 
 competitor . 
  4.3.2 . during the term , paperexchange shall not place any 
 advertisement on the paperexchange site from any pulp and paper online 
 competitor . 
 5 . co - marketing activity 
  5.1 . trade show and convention . 
  5.1.1 . during the term , paperexchange shall use commercially 
 reasonable effort to expand its presence at major national and international 
 pulp and paper industry trade show and convention , include booth 
 exhibition , attendance by industry veteran sale force from all the major paper 
 grade and industry panel sponsorship , when available . paperexchange , in its 
 reasonable business discretion , shall actively engage in co - branded activity 
 with verticalnet at paperexchange 's booth exhibition and shall maintain an open 
 invitation policy for verticalnet to send its own sale force to co - locate , 
 subject to section 5.1.3 [ trade show and convention ] , with paperexchange at its trade show booth . 
  5.1.2 . verticalnet , in its reasonable business discretion , shall 
 offer paperexchange 

 exhibit booth space at pulp and paper industry trade show that verticalnet be 
 unable to use on the same term that verticalnet accept for such space . 
  5.1.3 . when verticalnet and paperexchange be both attend pulp 
 and paper industry trade show , verticalnet and paperexchange shall work 
 together to share cost of such trade show and related material . 
  5.2 . sale force visit . paperexchange shall use commercially reasonable 
 effort to ( a ) expand its sale force presence on a national and international 
 basis , in all major paper grade and ( b ) commit its sale force to promote pulp 
 and paper online through " on - the - ground " activity include site visit to 
 mill , converter , printer and broker . 
  5.3 . advertising campaign . 
  5.3.1 . paperexchange shall , in its reasonable business discretion , 
 promote the paperexchange site through print medium . 
  5.3.2 . verticalnet shall , in its reasonable business discretion , 
 promote pulp and paper online through print medium . 
  5.3.3 . verticalnet and paperexchange shall co - promote the 
 paperexchange home page and pulp and paper online in mutually agreeable 
 advertising and collateral marketing material . all co - promotion advertising 
 material produce by or on behalf of either party ( the " originate party " ) 
 shall be subject to the write approval of the other party ( the " receive 
 party " ) , which approval shall not to be unreasonably withhold , delay or 
 condition . the receive party shall notify the originate party of its 
 approval or disapproval of such advertising material as soon as practicable , 
 but in any event within five business day after receive party 's receipt 
 thereof . any failure of the receive party to respond within such five business 
 day period shall be deem disapproval of the advertising material in question . 
  5.4 . pulp and paper online promotion . paperexchange shall place the 
 verticalnet link in a mutually agreeable location and size on the paperexchange 
 site as soon as practicable and in no event more than 15 day after the 
 effective date . the verticalnet link shall remain on the paperexchange site 
 during the term . 
  5.5 . paperexchange home page promotion . verticalnet shall place the 
 paperexchange link on pulp and paper online in a mutually agreeable location 
 and size as soon as practicable and in no event more than 15 day after the 
 effective date . the paperexchange link shall remain on pulp and paper online 
 during the term . 
  5.6 . newsletter . verticalnet shall include a paperexchange link in a 
 mutually agreeable location and size in the pulp and paper online weekly online 
 newsletter send to verticalnet 's newsletter database . 
  5.7 . discussion group . verticalnet , in its reasonable business 
 discretion , shall provide to paperexchange co - sponsorship opportunity for 
 discussion group and usenet forum . 
  5.8 . non - competition . 

  5.8.1 . during the term and for a period of four year after the 
 termination of this agreement , verticalnet shall not , directly or indirectly , by 
 itself , through its affiliate or through any type of joint venture or similar 
 affiliation with a third party , without prior write approval from 
 paperexchange , buy , sell or trade ( a ) paper pulp product through exchange , 
 auction , or reverse auction or any other e - commerce medium , ( b ) paper ( other 
 than finish paper - base product , include , but not limit to , book , stamp 
 and label ) and copy paper ( i ) through exchange , auction or reverse auction 
 or ( ii ) in quantity great than one ton through any e - commerce medium , ( c ) 
 raw material use to make paper packaging , include , but not limit to , 
 linerboard , medium , other containerboard grade and corrugate sheet through 
 exchange , auction , reverse auction or any other e - commerce medium , or ( d ) 
 paper roll and reel weigh more than 50 pound use by printer through 
 exchange , auction , reverse auction or any other e - commerce medium; provide , 
 however , that this section 5.8.1 [ non - competition ] shall not apply to advertisement , storefront 
 or similar feature on verticalnet 's site . 
  5.8.2 . during the term , verticalnet will not , directly or 
 indirectly , design , host , operate , maintain or otherwise participate in a 
 co - branded career center or a co - brand equipment list site with a 
 paperexchange competitor or license a verticalnet link for use or display on any 
 paperexchange competitor 's site . 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
  5.8.3 . during the term , paperexchange will not , directly or 
 indirectly , design , host , operate , maintain or otherwise participate in a 
 co - branded career center or a co - brand equipment list site with a pulp and 
 paper online competitor or license a paperexchange link for use or display on 
 any pulp and paper online competitor 's site . 
  5.9 . exchange . 
  5.9.1 . paperexchange shall provide to verticalnet an i d and a 
 password that will allow verticalnet to access the " exchange " portion of the 
 paperexchange site . paperexchange shall provide reasonable training to 
 verticalnet with respect to the creation , operation and marketing of such an 
 exchange . 
  5.9.2 . paperexchange will place a verticalnet link in a mutually 
 agreeable location and size on the " exchange " portion of the paperexchange site . 
  5.10 . allocation of resource . during the term , each of paperexchange and 
 verticalnet agree to dedicate reasonable financial , marketing and staffing 
 resource in order to actively promote the activity contemplate by this 
 agreement and will use reasonable effort to maintain the strategic alliance 
 describe in this agreement ( and its focus on the pulp , paper and packaging 
 industry generally ) as a high priority . 
 6 . intellectual property 
  6.1 . except as set forth in section 4.3.1 [ non - competition ] and 5.8 [ non - competition ] , nothing in this 
 agreement shall be construe as prevent verticalnet from implement 
 verticalnet link on any other site . 
  6.2 . except as set forth in section 4.3 [ non - competition ] or 5.8.3 [ non - competition ] , nothing in this 
 agreement shall be construe as prevent paperexchange from implement 
 paperexchange link on any other site . 

  6.3 . verticalnet hereby grant to paperexchange a non - exclusive , 
 non - transferable , royalty - free , right and license to link to pulp and paper 
 online through a verticalnet link . verticalnet shall furnish paperexchange with 
 a full color representation of each verticalnet link at least two day prior to 
 its scheduled placement on a page of the paperexchange site . if verticalnet 
 subsequently modify any verticalnet link or the url associate with such 
 verticalnet link , it shall furnish a representation of same to paperexchange , 
 which paperexchange shall substitute for the prior version within two day after 
 receipt thereof . verticalnet shall have final approval over all verticalnet 
 link on the paperexchange site . 
  6.4 . paperexchange hereby grant verticalnet a non - exclusive , 
 non - transferable , royalty - free , right and license to link to the paperexchange 
 site through a paperexchange link . paperexchange shall furnish verticalnet with 
 a full color representation of each paperexchange link at least two day prior 
 to its scheduled placement on pulp and paper online . if paperexchange 
 subsequently modify any paperexchange link or the url associate with such 
 paperexchange link , it shall furnish a representation of same to verticalnet , 
 which verticalnet shall substitute for the prior version within two day after 
 receipt thereof . paperexchange shall have final approval over all paperexchange 
 link on pulp and paper online . 
  6.5 . except for the express right grant to paperexchange under this 
 agreement , paperexchange acknowledge and agree that the intellectual property 
 of verticalnet be and shall remain the sole property of verticalnet and nothing 
 in this agreement shall confer in paperexchange any right of ownership or 
 license right in verticalnet 's intellectual property . in addition , 
 paperexchange shall not now or in the future contest the validity of 
 verticalnet 's intellectual property . 
  6.6 . except for the express right grant to verticalnet under this 
 agreement , verticalnet acknowledge and agree that the intellectual property of 
 paperexchange be and shall remain the sole property of paperexchange and nothing 
 in this agreement shall confer in verticalnet any right of ownership or license 
 right in paperexchange 's intellectual property . in addition , verticalnet shall 
 not now or in the future contest the validity of paperexchange 's intellectual 
 property . 
  6.7 . paperexchange agree to use the verticalnet mark in accordance with 
 the term of this agreement and with good trademark practice include , but not 
 limit to , protect the value of the goodwill reside in such intellectual 
 property . 
  6.8 . verticalnet agree to use the paperexchange mark in accordance with 
 the term of this agreement and with good trademark practice include , but not 
 limit to , protect the value of the goodwill reside in such intellectual 
 property . 
  6.9 . except as set forth in section 4.3 [ non - competition ] and 5.8 [ non - competition ] , nothing in this 
 agreement shall be construe as prevent either party from develop other 
 co - branded version of its material , datum , information and content . 

 7 . commercial term 
  7.1 . co - brand site . 
  7.1.1 . co - branded career center . verticalnet will pay paperexchange 
  of the career center net revenue . ."career center net revenue " shall mean 
 the ( a ) list fee relate to the co - branded career center and any other 
 verticalnet site on which the listing be post , ( b ) co - branded career center 
 e - commerce revenue and ( c ) other co - branded career center revenue , in each case 
 under the precede clause ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) , to the extent derive during the 
 term from paperexchange or the paperexchange content provide to verticalnet by 
 paperexchange pursuant to this agreement , or as otherwise mutually agree upon 
 by the party , less ( i ) credit for claim , allowance , retroactive price 
 reduction or return good , and ( ii ) sale , excise , use , value - add and other 
 similar taxis ( exclude income taxis ) actually pay . 
  7.1.2 . co - branded equipment listing . verticalnet will pay 
 paperexchange of the equipment listing net revenue . " equipment listing 
 net revenue " shall mean the ( a ) list fee relate to co - brand equipment 
 listing and any other verticalnet site on which the listing be post , ( b ) 
 co - branded equipment listing e - commerce revenue and ( c ) other co - brand 
 equipment listing revenue , in each case under the precede clause ( a ) , ( b ) 
 and ( c ) , to the extent derive during the term from paperexchange or the 
 paperexchange content provide to verticalnet by paperexchange pursuant to this 
 agreement , or as otherwise mutually agree upon by the party , less ( i ) credit 
 for claim , allowance , retroactive price reduction or return good , and ( ii ) 
 sale , excise , use , value - add and other similar taxis ( exclude income taxis ) 
 actually pay . 
  7.1.3 . review of payment . verticalnet and paperexchange will 
 conduct a good faith review of the payment generate under section 7.1.1 [ co - branded career center ] and 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 7.1.2 [ co - branded equipment listing ] no later than six month after the effective date and may mutually agree , 
 subject to section 13.6 [ amendment or modification ] , to amend section 7.1.1 [ co - branded career center ] and/or 7.1.2 [ co - branded equipment listing ] at that time . if 
 verticalnet and paperexchange be unable to reasonably agree on whether or how 
 to amend section 7.1.2 [ co - branded equipment listing ] , either party shall have the right to immediately 
 terminate the right and obligation of the party under section 2 and 7.1.2 [ co - branded equipment listing ] 
 with respect to the co - brand equipment listing and paperexchange equipment 
 content; provide , however , that all other right and obligation under this 
 agreement ( include the right and obligation of the party under section 
 4.3 [ non - competition ] and 5.8 [ non - competition ] ) shall continue in full force and effect unless and until terminate 
 in accordance with section 8 . the party understand and agree that termination 
 of the right and obligation of the party under section 2 and 7.1.2 [ co - branded equipment listing ] in 
 accordance with this section 7.1.3 [ review of payment ] shall not permit either party to terminate 
 this agreement pursuant to section 8.2 [ termination for cause ] . 
  7.1.4 . professional e - bookstore sale . verticalnet will pay 
 paperexchange of the gross sale of the professional e - bookstore on pulp 
 and paper online that originate from the paperexchange site . 
  7.2 . advertising revenue . 
  7.2.1 . during the term , verticalnet shall not share any revenue 
 derive from advertisement host on pulp and paper online or any other 
 verticalnet site with paperexchange; provide , however , that if paperexchange 
 bring verticalnet a qualified lead 
  confidential treatment request : material have be omit and file 
  separately with the commission 

 ( as define below ) for a new customer that turn into a sale of advertising 
 on pulp and paper . online or package online , include , without limitation , 
 the co - brand site , verticalnet shall pay to paperexchange a commission of 
  of the net advertising revenue result from such sale of advertising , 
 with the exception that if such advertising be on the co - brand career 
 center , verticalnet shall pay paperexchange a commission of of the net 
 advertising revenue result from such sale of advertising . as use in this 
 section 7.2.1 [ advertising revenue ] , a " qualified lead " shall mean a customer refer to 
 verticalnet by paperexchange that be not , at the time of referral , a customer 
 of verticalnet , and which customer have agree to place an advertisement on 
 pulp and paper online or package online on the term and condition 
 contain in verticalnet 's then current advertising policy . 
  7.2.2 . paperexchange shall pay to verticalnet a commission of 
  of the net advertising revenue receive during the term for 
 advertisement locate on the third party advertising allocation of the 
 paperexchange site . 
  7.2.3 . if paperexchange sell advertising to a third party on the 
 paperexchange site independently from verticalnet , paperexchange shall pay to 
 verticalnet a commission of of the net advertising revenue result 
 from such advertising during the term; provide , however , that if 
 paperexchange previously reject advertising by such party when propose by 
 verticalnet pursuant to section 4.1 [ advertisement on the paperexchange site ] , or terminate without cause a prior 
 agreement with such third party that have result from such a proposal by 
 verticalnet , then paperexchange shall pay of the net advertising revenue 
 result from such advertising during the term to verticalnet . paperexchange 
 shall provide prompt notice to verticalnet of each advertiser that have agree 
 with paperexchange to place an advertisement on a page of the paperexchange 
 site . 
  7.3 . fee . in consideration of verticalnet 's agreement to enter into an 
 exclusivity and non - competition agreement herein , in conjunction with the other 
 obligation under this agreement , paperexchange shall make the follow 
 payment to verticalnet upon the early of ( a ) december 31 , 1999 and ( b ) the 
 receipt by paperexchange of an aggregate of in additional funding : 
  7.3.1 . a one - time , non - refundable fee in consideration of 
 the execution of this agreement; 
  7.3.2 . a one - time , non - refundable fee in consideration of 
 the design , development and implementation of the co - branded career center as 
 describe in section 2; and 
  7.3.3 . in consideration of the design , development and 
 implementation of the co - brand equipment listing site as describe in section 
 2 . 
  7.4 . revenue sharing . after paperexchange have generate paperexchange 
 revenue equal to , paperexchange shall pay an amount equal to of 
 the paperexchange revenue to verticalnet; provide , however , that if , in any 
 give calendar year , verticalnet receive pursuant to this section 7.4 [ revenue sharing ] , 
 the percentage of paperexchange revenue that paperexchange shall pay to 
 verticalnet for the remainder of such calendar year shall be reduce to 
 ; and provide far , however , that if , in any give calendar year , 
 verticalnet receive 
  confidential treatment request : material have be omit and file 
  separately with the commission . 

  in the aggregate pursuant to this section 7.4 [ revenue sharing ] , the percentage of 
 paperexchange revenue that paperexchange shall pay to verticalnet for the 
 remainder of such calendar year shall be reduce to . 
  7.5 . payment term . each party shall provide the other party with all 
 amount due under this agreement for the prior calendar quarter within 30 day 
 after the end of each calendar quarter during the term . each payment shall be 
 accompany by a statement detail the amount of applicable gross revenue 
 receive , the calculation of the amount due to the other party and the amount of 
 the payment accompany such statement . all payment due to either party 
 hereunder shall be make in immediately available u.s . fund , without set - off or 
 counterclaim , free and clear of ( and without deduction for or gross up for , as 
 applicable ) , any taxis , duty , charge , withholding , restriction or 
 condition of any nature impose or levy by any governmental taxing or other 
 authority . 
  7.6 . taxis . all payment require under this agreement be exclusive of 
 federal , state , local and foreign taxis , duty , tariff , levy and similar 
 assessment . when applicable , such taxis shall appear as separate item on a 
 party 's invoice or statement of the other party . payment of such taxis or 
 charge shall be the responsibility of the party whose obligation it be under 
 this agreement to make the payment in respect of which such taxis be assess , 
 exclude any taxis base upon the other party 's net income . in lieu thereof , a 
 party shall provide the other party with a tax or levy exemption certificate 
 acceptable to the tax or levy authority . 
  7.7 . audit . during the 18 - month period follow the payment by one party 
 of any amount due under this agreement to the other party , the party receive 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 payment ( the " auditing party " ) shall have the right to have an independent third 
 party ( the " auditor " ) audit the financial record of the other party ( the 
 " audit party " ) relate to such payment to verify the accuracy of the audit 
 party 's financial record in order to verify the amount of the payment owe 
 and/or pay . the auditing party may cause the auditor to perform such an audit 
 not more than once in any 12 - month period , unless a prior audit within the past 
 two year reveal that the amount owe by the audit party to the auditing 
 party be underpaid in excess of 5 of the amount owe , in which case an audit 
 may be perform no more frequently than once in any three month period . if the 
 amount owe by the audit party to the auditing party be underpaid , the 
 audit party shall pay the additional amount owe and all accrue interest 
 thereon to the auditing party within 15 day of notice of such underpayment to 
 the audit party . if the amount owe by ' the audit party to the auditing 
 party be underpaid in excess of 10 of the amount owe , the fee of such audit 
 shall also be pay to the auditing party within 15 day of notice of such to the 
 audit party . if the amount owe by the audit party to the auditing party be 
 overpay , the auditing party shall return the excess amount pay to the auditing 
 party within 15 day of notice of such underpayment to the auditing party . the 
 auditing party shall give reasonable advance write notice to the audit 
 party , and each audit shall be conduct during normal business hour and in a 
 manner that do not cause unreasonable disruption to the conduct of business by 
 the audit party . 
  7.8 . interest . all payment not pay by the date such payment be due 
 shall bear interest from the due date to the date payment be actually pay at 
 the rate of the low of ( a ) 1 per month or ( b ) the maximum rate permit by 
 law . 
  confidential treatment request : material have be omit and file 
  separately with the commission . 

 8 . term and termination 
  8.1 . automatic renewal . this agreement will automatically renew at the end 
 of the initial term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis ( each , 
 a " renewal term " ) , unless either party notifie the other at least 30 day prior 
 to the end of the initial term or then current renewal term , as applicable , of 
 its intention not to renew this agreement . 
  8.2 . termination for cause . either party may terminate this agreement 
 immediately upon write notice to the other party in the event any material 
 breach of a material term of this agreement by such other party that remain 
 uncured 30 day in the case of a breach of a payment obligation , or 45 day for 
 all other breach , after notice of such breach be receive by such other 
 party; provide , however that if such breach be not reasonably capable of cure 
 within the applicable cure period , the breach party shall have an additional 
 180 day to cure such breach so long as the cure be commence within the 
 applicable cure period and thereafter be diligently prosecute to completion as 
 soon as possible . 
  8.3 . upon termination . upon termination of this agreement , ( a ) each 
 party 's liability for any charge , payment or expense due to the other party 
 that accrue prior to the date of termination shall not be extinguish by 
 termination , and such amount ( if not otherwise due on an early date ) shall be 
 immediately due and payable on the termination date; ( b ) verticalnet shall be 
 responsible for all charge , payment or expense incur by it in connection 
 with the removal of the paperexchange link from co - brand site and the 
 modification of the co - brand site , include , but not limit to , the removal 
 of paperexchange content; ( c ) paperexchange shall be responsible for all 
 charge , payment or expense incur by it in connection with the removal of 
 the verticalnet link , verticalnet content and verticalnet archive content from 
 the paperexchange site; ( d ) all right of paperexchange to use , display , 
 reproduce or publish the verticalnet mark shall immediately cease . ( e ) all 
 right of paperexchange to use , reproduce , display and transmit the verticalnet 
 content and verticalnet archived content shall immediately cease and 
 paperexchange shall destroy all copy of such content , ( f ) all right of 
 verticalnet to use , display , reproduce or publish the paperexchange mark shall 
 immediately cease , ( g ) all right of verticalnet to use , create derivative work 
 of , reproduce , display , perform and transmit the paperexchange content shall 
 immediately cease and verticalnet shall , at paperexchange 's cost , return one 
 copy of the paperexchange content display on the co - brand site to 
 paperexchange in electronic format and destroy all other copy of such content , 
 ( h ) all right of verticalnet to arrange for the sale of advertising on the 
 third party advertising allocation on the paperexchange site shall immediately 
 cease , ( i ) verticalnet shall retain ownership of the url at which the 
 co - brand site be locate , ( i ) the co - brand url shall be own by the 
 party that offer to pay the high amount to the other for the ownership of 
 such url upon payment of such amount to the other party ( k ) if the agreement be 
 terminate during the initial term by verticalnet pursuant to section 8.2 [ termination for cause ] , ( x ) 
 verticalnet shall be release from its obligation under section 5.8.1 [ non - competition ] and ( y ) 
 paperexchange 's obligation under section 7.2 [ advertising revenue ] and 7.4 [ revenue sharing ] shall be extend for one 
 year after the date of such termination , and ( i ) if the agreement be terminate 
 during the initial term by paperexchange pursuant to section 8.2 [ termination for cause ] , verticalnet 
 shall pay to paperexchange , as liquidate damage , an amount equal to the 
 product determine by multiply ( 1 ) a fraction , the numerator of which shall 
 be the number of day between the effective date of termination and the 
 schedule expiration date of the initial term , and the denominator of which 
 shall be the number of day 

 between the effective date and the scheduled expiration date of the initial 
 term , by ( 2 ) 
 9 . dispute resolution 
  9.1 . negotiation and escalation . if any controversy or claim arise 
 relate to this agreement , the party will attempt in good faith to negotiate 
 a solution to their difference , include progressively escalate any 
 controversy or claim through senior level of management . if negotiation do 
 not result in a resolution within 30 day of when one party first notifie the 
 other of the controversy or claim , either party may resort to arbitration under 
 section 9.2 [ arbitration ] . 
  9.2 . arbitration . any controversy or claim between the party concern 
 any breach or allege breach of this agreement or performance or nonperformance 
 of any obligation under this agreement which can not be resolve by negotiation 
 will be resolve by bind arbitration under this section 9.2 [ arbitration ] and the 
 then - current commercial rule and supervision of the american arbitration 
 association ( the " aaa " ) . if any part of this section 9.2 [ arbitration ] be hold to be 
 unenforceable , it will be sever and will not affect either the duty to 
 arbitrate or any other part of this section 9.2 [ arbitration ] . the arbitration will be hold in 
 new york , new york , before a sole disinterested arbitrator who be knowledgeable 
 in business information and the internet and experience in handle commercial 
 dispute . the arbitrator shall be appoint jointly by the party hereto within 
 30 day follow the date on which the arbitration be institute . if the 
 party be unable to agree upon the arbitrator within such 30 - day period , the 
 aaa shall be instruct to select such arbitrator within 15 day thereafter . the 
 arbitrator 's award will be final and binding and may be enter in any court 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 have jurisdiction . the arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive or 
 exemplary damage , or any damage exclude by , or in excess of , any damage 
 limitation express in this agreement . issue of arbitrability will be 
 determine in accordance solely with the federal substantive and procedural law 
 relate to arbitration; in all other respect , the arbitrator will be obligate 
 to apply and follow the substantive law of the commonwealth of pennsylvania . 
  9.3 . equitable relief . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
 agreement , in the event of an allege violation of article 10 [ confidentiality ] of this agreement 
 by either party , the party allege such a violation may seek temporary 
 injunctive or other appropriate equitable relief from any court of competent 
 jurisdiction pende appointment of an arbitrator . the party request such 
 relief shall simultaneously file a demand for arbitration of the dispute , and 
 shall request that the american arbitration association procee under its rule 
 for an expedite hearing . 
  9.4 . cost . unless the arbitrator , if any , determine otherwise , each 
 party will bear its own attorney ' fee and other cost associate with the 
 negotiation and arbitration provide for by this article 9 [ dispute resolution ] , except that cost 
 and expense of the arbitrator shall be share equally . if court proceeding to 
 stay litigation or compel arbitration be necessary , the party who 
 unsuccessfully oppose such proceeding will pay all associate cost , expense 
 and attorney ' fee that be reasonably incur by the other party . 
  confidential treatment request : material have be omit and file 
  separately with the commission . 

  9.5 . two year limitation . except for claim under section 12.4 [ indemnification by paperexchange ] and 12.5 [ indemnification by verticalnet ] 
 hereof , neither party may bring a claim or action regardless of form , arise 
 out of or relate to this agreement , include any claim of fraud or 
 misrepresentation , more than two year after the cause of action accrue or 
 becomes know , whichever be later . 
  9.6 . confidentiality . in order to facilitate the resolution of 
 controversy or claim between the party with respect to each party hereto , 
 such controversy or claim , include detail regard negotiation , 
 arbitration and settlement term , shall be treat as confidential information 
 of the other party hereto in accordance with article 10 [ confidentiality ] . 
  9.7 . remedial measure . in the event of ( a ) any material remediable breach 
 of this agreement by the other party which remain uncured 30 day after notice 
 of such breach ( other than a breach of a payment obligation ) be receive by the 
 other party or ( b ) any material breach which can not be cure , the non - breaching 
 party may take reasonable remediable measure at the cost of the breach party 
 without prejudice and in addition to any other right arise from such breach . 
 in addition , the non - breach party shall take reasonable step to mitigate 
 damage arise out of such breach . 
 10 . confidentiality 
  10.1 . confidentiality obligation . except as permit elsewhere under 
 this agreement , each party agree to take reasonable step ( as define below ) 
 ( a ) to receive and maintain the confidential information of the other party in 
 confidence , ( b ) not to disclose such confidential information to any third 
 party and ( c ) to promptly notify the disclosing party upon learning of any 
 law , rule , regulation or court order that purport to compel disclosure of any 
 confidential information of the disclosing party and to reasonably cooperate 
 with the disclosing party in the exercise of the disclosing party 's right to 
 protect the confidentiality of such confidential information . neither party 
 hereto shall use all or any part of the confidential information of the other 
 party for any purpose other than to perform its obligation under this 
 agreement . the party will take reasonable step ( as define below ) to ensure 
 that their employee , representative and agent comply with this provision . as 
 use herein , " reasonable step " mean at least the same degree of care that the 
 receive party use to protect its own confidential information , and , in no 
 event , no less than reasonable care . 
  10.2 . exclusion . nothing contain herein shall prevent a party from 
 disclose confidential information pursuant to any applicable law , rule , 
 regulation or court order; provide , however , that such party complie with the 
 notice provision of section 10.1(c ) [ confidentiality obligation ] to the extent permissible under applicable 
 law , rule , regulation or court order . such disclosure shall not alter the 
 status of such information hereunder for all other purpose as confidential 
 information . 
  10.3 . termination . subject to section 13.10 [ survival ] , upon termination of this 
 agreement , all confidential information shall be return to the disclosing 
 party or destroy unless otherwise specify or permit elsewhere under this 
 agreement . the confidentiality obligation contain in this article 10 [ confidentiality ] shall 
 survive termination of this agreement for a period of three year . 

  10.4 . injunction . each party acknowledge and agree that the provision 
 of this article 10 [ confidentiality ] be reasonable and necessary to protect the other party 's 
 interest in its confidential information , that any breach of the provision of 
 this article 10 [ confidentiality ] may result in irreparable harm to such other party , and that the 
 remedy at law for such breach may be inadequate . accordingly , in the event of 
 any breach or threaten breach of the provision of this article 10 [ confidentiality ] by a party 
 hereto , the other party , in addition to any other relief available to it at law , 
 in equity or otherwise , shall be entitle to seek temporary and permanent 
 injunctive relief restrain the breach party from engage in and/or 
 continue any conduct that would constitute a breach of this article 10 [ confidentiality ] , 
 without the necessity of prove actual damage or post a bond or other 
 security . 
  10.5 . publicity . except as may be require by applicable law , rule or 
 regulation ( include those arise under any security law ) , neither party 
 will originate any publicity , news release or other public announcement , write 
 or oral , whether to the public press or otherwise , concern the relationship 
 between the party or the transaction describe in this agreement without the 
 prior write consent of the other party , which consent shall not be 
 unreasonably withhold or delay . in the event disclosure be require by 
 applicable law , rule or regulation , then the party require to so disclose 
 such information shall , to the extent possible , provide to the other party for 
 its approval ( such approval not to be unreasonably withhold ) a write copy of 
 such public announcement at least five business day prior to disclosure . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , either party shall have the right to make a press 
 release with respect to its entering into this agreement; provide that such 
 party provide to the other party a copy of the propose press release no less 
 than five business day prior to its propose release and that the content of 
 such press release shall be subject to the other party 's consent , which consent 
 shall not be unreasonably delay or withhold . 
 11 . representation and warranty . each party hereby represent , covenant and 
 warrant to the other party that : 
  11.1 . it have the corporate power to enter into this agreement and to grant 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 the right and license grant herein and otherwise perform this agreement; 
  11.2 . it be not a party to any agreement or understanding and know of no 
 law or regulation that would prohibit it from enter into and perform this 
 agreement or that would conflict with this agreement; and 
  11.3 . when execute and deliver by it , this agreement will constitute a 
 legal , valid and binding obligation of it , enforceable against it in accordance 
 with this agreement 's term . 
 12 . disclaimer of warranty , limitation of liability and indemnification . 
  12.1 . disclaimer of warranty . except as expressely set forth in this 
 agreement , verticalnet hereby disclaim all warranty , express , imply or 
 statutory , with respect to any and all verticalnet deliverable , include but 
 not limit to any imply warranty of merchantability , fitness for a 
 particular purpose , title and non - infringement . 

  12.2 . disclaimer of warranty . except as expressly set forth in this 
 agreement , paperexchange hereby disclaim all warranty , express , imply or 
 statutory , with respect to any and all paperexchange deliverable , include but 
 not limit to any imply warranty of merchantability , fitness for a 
 particular purpose , title and non - infringement . 
  12.3 . limitation of liability . except in connection with a breach by 
 either party of article 10 , the indemnification obligation of paperexchange 
 under section 12.4(c ) [ indemnification by paperexchange ] and the indemnification obligation of verticalnet under 
 section 12.5(c ) [ indemnification by verticalnet ] , neither party will be liable for any special , indirect , 
 consequential , exemplary or incidental damage arise out of or relate to this 
 agreement , however cause and under any theory of liability ( include 
 negligence ) , even if such party have be advise of the possibility of such 
 damage . except in connection with a breach by either party of article 10 , the 
 indemnification obligation of paperexchange under section 12.4(c ) [ indemnification by paperexchange ] and the 
 indemnification obligation of verticalnet under section 12.5(c ) [ indemnification by verticalnet ] , each party 's 
 liability for damage hereunder shall not exceed 1,000,000 . 
  12.4 . indemnification by paperexchange . paperexchange shall indemnify and 
 hold harmless verticalnet and its officer , director , employee and agent from 
 and against any and all loss , claim , damage , liability , obligation , 
 penalty , judgment , award , cost , expense and disbursement , include 
 without limitation , the cost , expense and disbursement , as and when incur , 
 of investigate , prepare or defend any action , suit , proceed or 
 investigation assert by a third party , cause by , relate to , base upon , 
 arise out of or in connection with ( a ) any breach by paperexchange of the 
 representation , warranty or agreement make by it under this agreement , ( b ) 
 negligence , recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of paperexchange 
 or its officer , director , employee , agent or consultant , ( c ) any claim that 
 the paperexchange content infringe or misappropriate any intellectual property 
 right or any other right of any third party or ( d ) the promotion , advertisement 
 or marketing of the verticalnet content or verticalnet archive content by or on 
 behalf of paperexchange . 
  12.5 . indemnification by verticalnet . verticalnet shall indemnify and hold 
 harmless paperexchange and its officer , director , employee and agent from 
 and against any and all loss , claim , damage , liability , obligation , 
 penalty , judgment , award , cost , expense and disbursement , include 
 without limitation , the cost , expense and disbursement , as and when incur , 
 of investigate , prepare or defend any action , suit , proceed or 
 investigation assert by a third party , cause by , relate to , base upon , 
 arise out of or in connection with ( a ) any breach by verticalnet of the 
 representation , warranty or agreement make by it under this agreement , ( b ) 
 negligence , recklessness or intentional misconduct on the part of verticalnet or 
 its officer , director , employee , agent or consultant , ( c ) any claim that 
 the verticalnet content infringe or misappropriate any intellectual property 
 right or any other right of any third party; or ( d ) the promotion , 
 advertisement or marketing of the paperexchange content by or on behalf of 
 verticalnet . 

  12.6 . each person seek to be reimburse , indemnify , defend and/or 
 hold harmless under section 12.4 [ indemnification by paperexchange ] or 12.5 [ indemnification by verticalnet ] ( each , an " indemnitee " ) shall ( a ) 
 provide the party oblige to indemnify such indemnitee with prompt write 
 notice of any claim , suit , demand or other action for which such indemnitee 
 seek to be reimburse , indemnify , defend or hold harmless ( each , a 
 " claim " ) , which notice shall include a reasonable identification of the alleged 
 fact give rise to such claim; ( b ) grant such party reasonable authority and 
 control over the defense and settlement of any such claim; and ( c ) reasonably 
 cooperate with such party and its agent in defense of any such claim . each 
 indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of any claim for 
 which such indemnitee seek to be reimburse , indemnify , defend or hold 
 harmless , by use attorney of such indemnitee 's choice , at such indemnitee 's 
 expense . any settlement of a claim for which any indemnitee seek to be 
 reimburse , indemnify , defend or hold harmless under this article shall be 
 subject to the prior write approval of such indemnitee , such approval not to 
 be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . 
  12.7 . essential part of bargain . the party acknowledge that the 
 disclaimer and limitation set forth in this article 12 [ disclaimer of warranty , limitation of li ... ] be an essential 
 element of this agreement between the party and that the party would not 
 have enter into this agreement without such disclaimer and limitation . 
 13 . miscellaneous 
  13.1 . govern law . this agreement shall be govern by and interpret 
 under the law of the commonwealth of pennsylvania without regard to its 
 conflict of law provision . subject to the provision of section 9 , both 
 party consent and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the united 
 state and the state court of the commonwealth of pennsylvania in and for 
 horsham , pa . 
  13.2 . no assignment . except as otherwise set forth herein , neither party 
 shall transfer , assign or cede any right or delegate any obligation hereunder , 
 in whole or in part , whether voluntarily or by operation of law , without the 
 prior write consent of the other party , which consent may be withhold at the 
 other party 's reasonable business discretion; provide , however , that either 
 party may transfer this agreement without prior write consent of the other 
 party to an affiliate or in connection with a merger or sale of all or 
 substantially all of the stock or asset of such party . 
  13.3 . good faith . the party undertake to display to each other the 
 utmost good faith , consistent with their respective right and obligation set 
 forth in this agreement . 
  13.4 . independent contractor . in connection with this agreement , each 
 party be an independent contractor . this agreement do not , and shall not be 
 construe to , create an employer - employee , agency , joint venture or partnership 
 relationship between the party . neither party shall have any authority to act 
 for or to bind the other party in any way , to alter any of the term or 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 condition of any of the other party 's standard form of invoice , sale 
 agreement , warranty or otherwise , or to warrant or to execute agreement on 
 behalf of the other or to represent that it be in any way responsible for the 
 act , debt , liability or omission of the other party . 

  13.5 . notice . all notice , report , payment and other communication 
 require or permit to be give under this agreement ( each , a " notice " ) shall 
 be in writing and shall be give either by personal delivery against a sign 
 receipt , by express delivery use a nationally recognize overnight courier , or 
 by facsimile . all notice shall be properly address as follow , or to such 
 other address as may be specify in a notice give hereunder : 
 if to verticalnet : with a copy to : 
 attn : general counsel michael j. hagan 
 verticalnet , inc . verticalnet , inc . 
 700 dresher road , suite 100 700 dresher road , suite 100 
 horsham , pennsylvania 19044 horsham , pennsylvania 19044 
 fax no . : ( 215 ) 443 - 3336 fax no . : ( 215 ) 443 - 3336 
 if to paperexchange : with a copy to : 
 attn : chief executive officer attn : jonathan k. bernstein 
 paperexchange.com , llc bingham dana llp 
 545 boylston street , 8th floor 150 federal street 
 boston , ma 02116 boston , ma 02110 
 fax no . : ( 617 ) 536 - 4097 fax no . : ( 617 ) 951 - 8736 
 a notice shall be deem to be effective upon personal delivery or , if send via 
 overnight delivery , upon receipt thereof . a notice send via facsimile be deem 
 effective on the same day ( or if such day be not a business day , then on the 
 next succeed business day ) if such facsimile be send before 3:00 p.m. 
 philadelphia time and on the next day ( or if such day be not a business day , 
 then on the next succeed business day ) if such notice be send after 3:00 p.m. 
 philadelphia time . 
  13.6 . amendment or modification . no subsequent amendment , modification or 
 waiver of any of the provision of this agreement shall be effective unless in 
 writing and sign by the party . 
  13.7 . entire agreement . this agreement set out the entire agreement 
 between the party with respect to the subject matter of this agreement and 
 supersede all prior agreement , proposal , arrangement and communication , 
 whether oral or write , with respect to the subject matter hereof , include , 
 but not limit to , the letter of intent between the party date july 23 , 
 1999 . 
  13.8 . severability . if any provision of this agreement be hold by a 
 tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal , invalid , or otherwise 
 unenforceable in any jurisdiction , then to the full extent permit by law 
 ( a ) the same shall not effect the other term or provision of this agreement , 
 ( b ) such term or provision shall be deem modify to the extent necessary in 
 the tribunal 's opinion to render such term or provision enforceable , and the 
 right and obligation of the party shall be construe and enforce 
 accordingly , preserve to the full extent the intent and agreement of the 
 party set forth herein and ( c ) such finding of invalidity , illegality or 

 unenforceability shall not affect the validity , legality or enforceability of 
 such term or provision in any other jurisdiction . 
  13.9 . no waiver . failure to enforce any term of this agreement be not a 
 waiver of future enforcement of that or any other term . no term or provision of 
 this agreement will be deem waive and no breach excuse unless such waiver or 
 excuse be in writing and sign by the party against whom enforcement of such 
 waiver or excuse be seek . 
  13.10 . survival . section 5.8.1 [ non - competition ] ( subject to section 8.3(k ) [ upon termination ] ) , 6.1 - 6.2 , 6.5 , 
 6.6 , 6.9 , 7.5 - 7.8 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 and 13 , any payment obligation of the 
 party hereunder accrue prior to the date of termination; and any other 
 provision herein expressly survive termination or necessary to interpret the 
 right and obligation of the party in connection with the termination of the 
 term of this agreement will survive the termination or expiration of this 
 agreement . 
  13.11 . no third party beneficiary . nothing in this agreement be intend 
 to confer benefit , right or remedy unto any person or entity other than the 
 party and their permit successor and assign . 
  13.12 . waiver of jury trial . each party hereby irrevocably waive all 
 right a party may have to a trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding 
 arise out of or in connection with this agreement or the transaction 
 contemplate hereby . 
  13.13 . title . the heading appear at the beginning of the section 
 contain in this agreement have be insert for identification and reference 
 purpose only and shall not be use to determine the construction or 
 interpretation of this agreement . the nomenclature of the define term in this 
 agreement shall only be use for the construction of this agreement , and be not 
 to be use for any other purpose , include , but not limit to , interpretation 
 for accounting purpose . 
  13.14 . force majeure . neither party shall be hold to be in breach of this 
 agreement by reason of a force majeure event , include , but not limit to , act 
 of god , delay in transportation , fire , flood , earthquake , storm , war , act of a 
 public enemy , civil commotion or any law , rule , regulation , order or other 
 action by any public authority or any other matter reasonably beyond a party 's 
 control . to the extent failure to perform be cause by such a force majeure 
 event , such party shall be excuse from performance hereunder so long as such 
 event continue to prevent such performance , and provide the non - perform 
 party take all reasonable step to resume full performance . 
  13.15 . compliance with law . each party shall comply with all prevail 
 law , rule and regulation and obtain all necessary approval , consent and 
 permit require by the applicable agency of the government of the 
 jurisdiction that apply to its activity or obligation under this agreement . 
  13.16 . execution in counterpart , facsimile . this agreement may be 
 execute in one or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an original 
 and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument . this 
 agreement shall become binding when any one or more counterpart hereof , 
 individually or take together , bear the signature of both party 

 hereto . for the purpose hereof , a facsimile copy of this agreement , include 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 the signature page hereto , shall be deem an original . 
  [ the remainder of this page be intentionally leave blank . ] 

 in witness whereof , the party to the agreement by their duly authorize 
 representative have execute this agreement as of the date first write above . 
 verticalnet , inc . paperexchange.com , llc 
 by : /s/ [ illegible ] by : /s/ jason weiss 
  --------------------------------- -------------------------------- 
 title : bvi title : ceo 
  ------------------------------ ----------------------------- 
 verticalnet , inc . paperexchange.com , llc 
 by : /s/ [ illegible ] by : /s/ rod a. parsley 
  --------------------------------- -------------------------------- 
 title : v.p . e - commerce product group title : vice president business devel 
  ------------------------------ ----------------------------- 
  exhibit a 
 auction home of 2 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 pulp and paper online paperexchange.com 
 [ graphic omitted ] 
 register 
 free gift ... 
 to first time buyer and seller on online auction 
 search : buyer 's guide by product / service [ graphic omit ] go ! 
 home product career marketplace news / analysis community resource 
  about we relate site 
 auction 
  home 
  registration 
  how to start 
  buy 
  my auction watch 
  buyer 's toolkit 
  buyer 's help 
  additional industry 
  sell 
  seller 's toolkit 
  seller 's help 
 book , software , 
 video 
 shopping 
 also on this site 
 online homepage 
 product center 
 career center 
 news & analysis 
 community 
 resource 
 site information 
 relate site 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  click here 
  highlight , product 
  & more 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  powdex 
  incorporate interflow expo 
  oct . 27 - 28 , 1999 atlanta , ga 
  cobb galleria centre 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  lab blast ' 99 
  lab equipment at 
  rock bottom price 
  click here 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 online auction 
 purchase and liquidate new and used product 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 find an item 
  select a category below , or use advanced search . 
  x auction _ fix price 
  analytical instrumentation 
  view item 
 welcome 
 pulp & paper online and paperexchange.com have partner to become the lead 
 e - commerce solution for buy and sell new , surplus and use paper product 
 and equipment . 
 sell an item : register now as an online auction seller and sell an item here . 
 find an item : begin use the auction by select a category from the box above 
 or choose a featured or new item below . or click here for an advanced search 
 customize auction feature 
  buyer area seller area 
  choose one ... go ! choose one ... go ! 
 hot item be from all industry hot item be from all industry 
 first time user : personalize your online auction experience and learn about our 
  customize auction feature . 
 feature item 
 dynasty tool kit no . 9422 
 item : 500607 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 dynasty tool kit no . 9422 . 120 tool . for the customer service engineer who 
 carry a full array of tool and spare part during extended air travel . mold 
 of tough linear polyethylene . rib for extra strength and rigidity . rugge 
 aluminum valance . m 
 price : 348 
 auction period : 5/11/99 - 6/10/99 
 techne thermal cycler 0.5ml 117v 
 item : 500863 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 techne gene e thermal cycler ( for 0.5 ml tube ) . suitable for dna sequence , 
 gene manipulation , dna hybridization , and other technique . use a refrigerated 
 coolant for maximal cool efficiency ( cool rate up to 2.7(degrees)c per 
 sec . ) . operate from 10 
 price : 1,000 
 auction period : 5/7/99 - 6/6/99 
 dynasty tool kit no . 9422 
 item : 500607 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 dynasty tool kit no . 9422 . 120 tool . for the customer service engineer 
  exhibit a(2 ) 
 auction home of 2 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 engineer who carry a full array of tool and spare part during extended air 
 travel . mold of tough linear polyethylene . rib for extra strength and 
 rigidity . rugged aluminum valance . m 
 price : 348 
 auction period : 5/11/99 - 6/10/99 
 leader lfc-944b level meter 
 item : 500608 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 leader lfc-944b level meter be a portable battery - operate field level meter 
 design for testing and measure the performance of catv and matv system . it 
 provide for measure level of -40 to +60 dbmv on vhf channel and -30 to +40 
 dbmv on uhf c 
 price : 220 
 auction period : 5/11/99 - 6/10/99 
 find an item 
  select a category below , or use advanced search . 
  x auction _ fix price 
  analytical instrumentation 
  view item 
 send this page to a friend 
 share the knowledge 
 see something for a friend or associate ? you can forward this page by just 
 click here ! 
 home help feedback advertising info 
 verticalnet disclaimer techsupport www.wateronline.com 
  exhibit a(3 ) 
 online jobscan of 2 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 pulp and paper online paperexchange.com 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 shop & compare 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 for the good price on the web 
 search : buyer 's guide by product / service [ graphic omit ] go ! 
 home product career marketplace news / analysis community resource 
  about we relate site 
 career center [ graphic omit ] online jobscan 
 online jobscan 
  job search 
  post resume 
  update resume 
  new job area 
  employer spotlight 
 career resource 
 salary survey 
 recruiter center 
 also on this site 
 product center 
 career center 
 news & analysis 
 community 
 resource 
 site information 
 relate site 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  click here 
  highlight , product 
  & more 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  powdex 
  incorporate interflow expo 
  oct . 27 - 28 , 1999 atlanta , ga 
  cobb galleria centre 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  lab blast ' 99 
  lab equipment at 
  rock bottom price 
  click here 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 online jobscan 
 [ graphic omit ] 
 online jobcenter 
 job search 
 post / update resume 
 employer spotlight 
 use this page to search for job opening , and view the most recent open house 
 announcement from business within the industry 
 job search 
 pulp & paper online and paperexchange.com have combine resource to provide you 
 with the most comprehensive source for career in the pulp and paper industry . 
 search for a position by make selection from the below drop down menu . the 
 more selection you make the more fined tune the result . for the broad 
 result , use the menu default . 
 multiple category can be choose within menu by hold down the " shift " key 
 when make selection . 
 select keyword 
 separate keyword use and , or , or ' a phrase in quote ' 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 type company name 
 ( full or partial ) 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 _ full time _ part time 
 _ contract _ permanent 
 location 
 choose the state , region or country to include in your search 
 state region 
 all all 
 alabama alaska / hawaii 
 alaska mid - atlantic - u.s . 
 arizona north central - u.s . 
 country 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 united states 
 antigua and arbuda 
 antarctica 
 argentina 
 position 
 all job type 
 aerospace engineer 
 biological scientist 
 biologist 
 jobscan sponsor 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  click here 
  highlight , product 
  & more 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  powdex 
  incorporate interflow expo 
  oct . 27 - 28 , 1999 atlanta , ga 
  cobb galleria centre 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  lab blast ' 99 
  lab equipment at 
  rock bottom price 
  click here 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 durlano pump embrace new valve technology for great efficiency ... 
 chempro introduce new treatment for water purification ... 
  exhibit a(4 ) 
 online jobscan of 2 
 duty 
 all job function 
 academia 
 choose one 
 consulting 
 scan job reset 
 open house announcement 
 virtual company tour 
 in an effort to well inform the job seeker and satisfy the need for industry 
 recruiting of premium position , water online provide online open house . these 
 page represent a virtual open house for each of the participate company 
 that be actively seek new recruite . below be a list of the most recent open 
 house page . 
 - - chromatography ltd . santa monica can 
 - - mass spectral interpretator austin tx 
 - - contemporary wastewater and design phoenix az 
 - - mass spectral incorporate chicago il 
 - - activate carbon inc . bethesda md 
 more ... 
 send this page to a friend 
 share the knowledge 
 see something for a friend or associate ? you can forward this page by just 
 click here ! 
 home help feedback advertising info 
 verticalnet disclaimer techsupport www.wateronline.com 
  exhibit b 
  career center request form 
 please take the time to fill out this form so that we may collect the 
 information need to process your career center request . please note that text 
 of any length may be type or paste into the field below . 
 billing information ( will not be display online unless it be the same as 
 employer information , below . ) 
  company name : 
  address : 
  address 2 : 
  city : 
  state : 
  zip : 
  country : 
  foreign address : 
  phone : extension : 
  fax : 
  e - mail : 
  website address ( url ): 
  contact name : 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
 employer information ( please enter all information as it should appear online . ) 
  _ check here if same as above . 
  company name : 
  address : 
  address 2 : 
  city : 
  state : 
  zip : 
  country : 
  foreign address : 
  phone : extension : 
  fax : 
  e - mail : 
  division name : 
  number of employee : 
  company job website ( url ): 
  contact person / department : 
  job code / requisition number : 
  how do you wish to be contact ? 
  _ e - mail _ fax _ phone _ regular mail 
 job information ( please enter all information as it should appear online . ) 
  job title : 
  job location : 
  city : state : 
  or 
  us region : select region 
  country : 
  type of position : full time permanent 
  require skill : 
  brief job description : 
  salary range : 
  additional compensation : 
  full job description : 
 exhibit c 
 a microsoft excel spreadsheet contain the follow column : 

 - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 name category mfg / brand model original item price height weight 
 - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 name catg flda fldb fldc fldd flde 
 - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

 - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 start bid reserve price bid increment start date / time duration item 
 - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 minb rsrv incr strt daye fld1 
 - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  default be 5.00 default be today default be 7 
  -------------------------------------------------- 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 approx . age sku description seller i d image location 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 fld2 fldf desc sell imag 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 - --------------------------------------------- 
  sale 
 location person capacity 
 - --------------------------------------------- 
  to be to be to be 
 determine determined determine 
 - --------------------------------------------- 
 this page describe each of the field use in the excel spreadsheet for bulk 
 upload . please put detail in the spreadsheet name bulk upload spreadsheet . it 
 be very important that you do not change the field name or their order on the 
 spreadsheet . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  name the title by which you want the item call . i.e. 
  sartorius microbalance . this field be 60 character long 
  but more detail will fit in the description section . the 
  name need to be descriptive and distinct . there can not be 
  two item with the same name . add a delineating feature 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000 
  such as model number or size to the name . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 category this field require a number not word . see the enclose 
  list . if you do not find a category that fit your 
  product , please contact we . we can add category . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 mfg / brand manufacturer or brand name 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 model model number 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 original item if know , this can be an incentive to buyer who then see 
 price your low price . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 height include foot or inch . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 weight include pound or ounce . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 quantity this field require only a number not each , case , etc . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 starting bid this be the amount at which the bidding will start . it 
  should be low than your reserve price , if you set one . 
  please use whole dollar . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 reserve price this be the amount you wish to receive for your product . 
  if you set a reserve price , your item can not be sell for 
  less than the reserve . please use whole dollar . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 bid increment 5 be the default , but feel free to change this to reflect 
  your product 's price use whole dollar . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 start date / time this field must be fill out like the follow example : 
  04/08/99 15:00 ( mm / dd / yy 24 : mm ) a start time must be 
  include . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 duration the default for this field be 7 day . the option be 1 , 
  3 , 5 , 7 , 21 , and 30 . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 item catalog number if the product come from a manufacturer 's 
  or distributor 's catalog 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 approx . age new , used , demo , recondition 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 sku each , box , case 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 description this field be only 1250 character long . use basic writing 
  format here . complete sentence be desire rather than a 
  list of feature . if you copy and paste from an outside 
  source , please check to see that there be no tab or 
  return in the paragraph . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 seller i d this be your six - digit i d number you receive when you 
  register . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 image location a picture of your item be very helpful in sell your 
  item and will greatly enhance its list appearance . the 
  picture need to be in jpeg or gif format . you can send 
  these on a separate disk or email if desire . please 
  enclose a list delineate which picture go with which 
  item . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 location where the equipment be currently locate / reside . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 sale person for paperexchange.com internal tracking . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 capacity specific information about the equipment i.e. " x " 
  gallon / hr , " y " sheet / minute , etc . 
 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  indicate require field 
  indicate field with fieldname to be determine and 
  whose position within the column be to be determine 
 source : paperexchange com inc , s-1 / a , 3/22/2000