co - branding agreement 
  ( form ) 
  this co - branding agreement ( the " agreement " ) be make and enter into as of 
 nov 5 , 1999 , ( the " effective date " ) by and between nettaxi online community , 
 inc . , a delaware corporation with principal office at 2165 s. bascom avenue , 
 campbell , california 95008 ( " nettaxi " ) , and solution medium , inc . , dba 
 spinrecords.com a delaware corporation , with office at 11440 west barnardo ct . , 
 suite 170 , san diego , can 32127 ( " spinrecords.com " or " client " ) . 
  recital 
  a. nettaxi be in the business of provide entertainment , education , 
 and information service over the world wide web through its internet web site 
 at http://www.nettaxi.com . 
  b. spinrecords.com be in the business of provide entertainment and 
 information service over the world wide web through its internet website at 
 http://www.spinrecords.com . 
  c. nettaxi and spinrecords.com desire co - brand their service under the 
 term and condition set forth herein . 
  agreement 
  now , therefore , in consideration of the mutual promise contain herein , 
 the party hereby agree as follow : 
 1 . definition 
  1.1 " spinrecords.com brand feature " mean the spinrecords.com name and 
 logo and other trademark , trade name and service name include but not 
 limit to those set forth on exhibit a attach hereto and incorporate herein 
  --------- 
 by reference and all intellectual property right relate thereto . 
 spinrecords.com brand feature shall include any derivative , improvement or 
 modification thereto or thereof and any intellectual property right relate 
 thereto . 
  1.2 " spinrecords.com page " mean the spinrecords.com web - base page 
 that incorporate certain spinrecords.com service , as the same may be update or 
 modify from time to time in spinrecords.com 's sole discretion , currently 
 locate at http://www.spinrecords.com . 
  1.3 " impression " mean the loading of all or part of a web page into 
 the browser of a user . 
  1.4 " intellectual property right " mean all current and future 
 worldwide trademark , patent and patent right , utility model , copyright , mask 
 work right , trade secret , and all other intellectual property right and the 
 relate documentation or other tangible expression thereof . 
  1.5 " nettaxi brand feature " mean the nettaxi name and logo and any 
 other trademark , trade name and service name of nettaxi , include but not 
 limit to those set forth on exhibit b attach hereto and incorporate herein 
  --------- 
 by reference and all intellectual property right relate thereto . nettaxi brand 
 feature shall include any derivative , improvement or modification thereto or 
 thereof and any intellectual property right relate thereto . 
  1.6 " nettaxi page " mean the nettaxi 's web - base page that 
 incorporate certain nettaxi service , as the same may be update or modify 
 from time to time in nettaxi 's sole discretion , currently locate at 
 http://www.nettaxi.com . 
  1.7 " statement of work " mean the statement of work attach hereto as 
 exhibit c and incorporate herein by reference . 
 ---------- 
  1.8 " user " mean a person use a software browser to view the world 
 wide web . 
 2 . co - branding , marketing and promotion 
  2.1 the spinrecords.com page . spinrecords.com shall brand the 
  --------------------------- 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
 spinrecords.com page with the nettaxi brand feature in the manner set forth in 
 the statement of work . nettaxi will provide electronic copy of the nettaxi 
 brand feature upon spinrecords.com 's request . all spinrecords.com page shall 
 display appropriate intellectual property legend , include but not limit to 
 the copyright notice and trademark reference . 

  2.2 the nettaxi page . nettaxi shall brand certain nettaxi page with 
  ------------------ 
 the spinrecords.com brand feature in the manner set forth in the statement of 
 work . spinrecords.com will provide electronic copy of the spinrecords.com 
 brand feature upon nettaxi 's request . all nettaxi page shall display 
 appropriate intellectual property legend , include but not limit to the 
 copyright notice and trademark reference . nettaxi shall not be obligate to 
 co - brand those page contain content which nettaxi have brand with a third 
 party which : ( i ) nettaxi be prohibit from co - branding pursuant to another 
 agreement; ( ii ) nettaxi be technically unable to co - brand; or ( iii ) be 
 commercially unreasonable , in nettaxi 's discretion , to co - brand . 
  2.3 marketing by spinrecords.com . throughout the term of this 
  ------------------------------ 
 agreement , spinrecords.com shall use reasonable commercial effort to market the 
 nettaxi brand feature in order to maximize the number of visitor to the 
 nettaxi page in accordance with the statement of work . the party shall review 
 the statement of work and nettaxi 's marketing activity on a quarterly basis in 
 order to assess the performance and agree upon additional activity , if 
 necessary , in order to increase usage of the page . 
  2.4 marketing by nettaxi . throughout the term of this agreement , 
  ----------------------- 
 nettaxi shall use reasonable commercial effort to market the spinrecords.com 
 brand feature in order to maximize the number of visitor to the 
 spinrecords.com page in accordance with the statement of work . the party 
 shall review the statement of work and spinrecords.com 's marketing activity on 
 a quarterly basis in order to assess the performance and agree upon additional 
 activity , if necessary , in order to increase usage of the page . 
  2.5 additional statement of work . if the party hereto desire to 
  -------------------------------- 
 engage each other for additional service which be not include in the 
 statement of work and which do not constitute merely a revision or modification 
 of the statement of work , the party shall in good faith negotiate additional 
 statement of work , each of which upon signing shall be deem a part of this 
 agreement . additional statement of work shall be enter into by mutual 
 agreement between nettaxi and spinrecords.com and shall be substantially in the 
 form of the statement of work attach hereto . each statement of work shall be 
 sign by authorize representative of the party . this agreement may cover 
 more than one statement of work at any give time . 
 3 . license and ownership . 
  3.1 license by nettaxi to spinrecords.com . nettaxi hereby grant to 
  ----------------------------------------- 
 spinrecords.com a non - exclusive , worldwide , nontransferable , revocable , royalty 
 free license to use the nettaxi brand feature as the same may be modify from 
 time to time for the purpose of this agreement 
  3.2 license by spinrecords.com to nettaxi . spinrecords.com hereby 
  ------------------------------------------- 
 grant nettaxi a nonexclusive , worldwide , nontransferable , revocable , royalty 
 free license to display and distribute the , and make derivative work from the 
 spinrecords.com brand feature and any enhancement , modification or 
 improvement thereto as necessary to carry out the term of this agreement . 
  3.3 ownership by nettaxi . nettaxi shall own all right , title , and 
  ---------------------- 
 interest in the nettaxi brand feature , the nettaxi page and all intellectual 
 property right therein , include any derivative , improvement thereof , 
 exclude the spinrecords.com brand feature 
  3.4 ownership by spinrecords.com . except as otherwise set forth below , 
  ----------------------------- 
 spinrecords.com shall own all right , title , and interest in the spinrecords.com 
 brand feature and the spinrecords.com page and all intellectual property 
 right therein , include any derivative , improvement thereof , exclude the 
 nettaxi brand feature . 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
  3.5 impression . neither party nor its employee shall take action 
  ---------- 
 which will artificially increase the number of impression on the party 's web 
 page . for example , a party 's employee shall not repeatedly access the other 
 party 's web page . 
 4 . payment 
  4.1 payment . in consideration of the duty and obligation of the 
  ------- 
 party hereto , spinrecords.com shall pay nettaxi in the manner set forth in the 
 statement of work . 
 5 . representation and warranty . 
  5.1 representation and warranty of spinrecords.com . spinrecords.com 
  -------------------------------------------------- 
 hereby represent and warrant to nettaxi that : ( i ) spinrecords.com have the full 
 power and authority to enter into this agreement and to carry out its 
 obligation under this agreement; ( ii ) spinrecords.com have the full power and 
 authority to grant the right and license grant to nettaxi in this agreement; 
 and ( iii ) spinrecords.com own the spinrecords.com brand feature . 

  5.2 representation and warranty of nettaxi . nettaxi hereby 
  --------------------------------------------- 
 represent and warrant to spinrecords.com that ( i ) nettaxi have the full power 
 and authority to enter into this agreement and to carry out its obligation 
 under this agreement; ( ii ) nettaxi have the full power and authority to grant the 
 right and license grant to spinrecords.com in this agreement; and ( iii ) 
 nettaxi own the nettaxi brand feature . 
  5.3 the nettaxi service furnish as a result of or under this 
 agreement be provide on an " as be " basis , without any warranty or 
 representation express , imply or statutory; include , without limitation , 
 warranty of quality , performance , noninfringement , merchantability or fitness 
 for a particular purpose . nor be there any warranty create by a course of 
 dealing , course of performance or trade usage . nettaxi do not warrant that 
 the service , will meet spinrecords.com 's or any end user need or be free from 
 error , or that the operation of its web page will be uninterrupte . the 
 forego exclusion and disclaimer be an essential part of this agreement . 
 6 . confidentiality . 
  6.1 agreement as confidential information . the party shall treat the 
  -------------------------------------- 
 term and condition and the existence of this agreement as confidential 
 information . each party shall obtain the other 's consent prior to any 
 publication , presentation , public announcement or press release concern the 
 existence or term and condition of this agreement . 
  6.2 confidential information . " confidential information " mean all 
  ------------------------- 
 information identify in write or oral format by the disclosing party as 
 confidential , trade secret or proprietary information , and , if disclose orally , 
 summarize in write format within thirty ( 30 ) day of disclosure . " disclose 
 party " be the party disclose confidential information . " receive party " be 
 the party receive confidential information . the receive party shall not 
 disclose the confidential information to any third party other than person in 
 the direct employ of the receive party who have a need to have access to and 
 knowledge of the confidential information solely for the purpose authorize 
 above . each party shall take appropriate measure by instruction and agreement 
 prior to disclosure to such employee to assure against unauthorized use or 
 disclosure . the receive party shall have no obligation with respect to 
 information which ( i ) be rightfully in possession of or know to the receiving 
 party without any obligation of confidentiality prior to receive it from the 
 disclosing party; ( ii ) be , or subsequently become , legally and publicly 
 available without breach of this agreement; ( iii ) be rightfully obtain by the 
 receive party from a source other than the disclosing party without any 
 obligation of confidentiality; ( iv ) be disclose by the receive party under a 
 valid order create by a court or government agency , provide that the receiving 
 party provide prior write notice to the disclosing party of such obligation 
 and the opportunity to oppose such disclosure . upon write demand of the 
 disclosing party , the receive party shall cease use the confidential 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
 information and return the confidential information and all copy , note or 
 extract thereof to the disclosing party within seven ( 7 ) day of receipt of 
 notice . 
 7 . indemnity and limitation of liability . 
  7.1 indemnification by spinrecords.com . spinrecords.com shall defend , 
  ------------------------------------ 
 indemnify and hold nettaxi harmless from any and all damage , liability , cost 
 and expense ( include , but not limit to reasonable attorney ' fee ) incur 
 by nettaxi as a result of ( i ) any breach of this agreement; ( ii ) any claim that 
 the spinrecords.com brand feature or any part thereof , infringe or 
 misappropriate any intellectual property right of a third party; ( iii ) any 
 claim arise out of nettaxi 's display of the spinrecords.com brand features; or 
 ( iv ) the operation of the spinrecords.com page . nettaxi shall provide 
 spinrecords.com with write notice of the claim and permit spinrecords.com to 
 control the defense , settlement , adjustment or compromise of any such claim . 
 nettaxi may employ counsel at its own expense to assist it with respect to any 
 such claim; provide , however , that if such counsel be necessary because of a 
 conflict of interest of either spinrecords.com or its counsel or because 
 spinrecords.com do not assume control , spinrecords.com will bear the expense 
 of such counsel . 
  7.2 indemnification by nettaxi . nettaxi shall defend , indemnify and 
  ---------------------------- 
 hold spinrecords.com harmless from any and all damage , liability , cost and 
 expense ( include , but not limit to reasonable attorney ' fee ) incur by 
 spinrecords.com as a result of ( 1 ) any breach of this agreement; ( ii ) any claim 
 that the nettaxi brand feature or any part thereof , infringe or 
 misappropriate any intellectual property right of a third party; or ( iii ) any 
 claim arise out of spinrecords.com 's display of the nettaxi brand feature 
 spinrecords.com shall provide nettaxi with write notice of the claim and 
 permit nettaxi to control the defense , settlement , adjustment or compromise of 
 any such claim . spinrecords.com may employ counsel at its own expense to assist 
 it with respect to any such claim; provide , however , that if such counsel be 
 necessary because of a conflict of interest of either nettaxi or its counsel or 
 because nettaxi do not assume control , nettaxi will bear the expense of such 
 counsel . 
  7.3 limitation of liability . except as set forth in section 6 and 7.1 , 
  ------------------------ 
 under no circumstance will either party be liable to the other under any 
 contract , strict liability , negligence or other legal or equitable theory , for 
 any incidental or consequential damage or lose profit in connection with the 
 subject matter of this agreement . 

 8 . term and termination 
  8.1 term of agreement . this agreement shall be effective upon the 
  ------------------- 
 effective date and shall remain in force for a period of one ( 1 ) year , and shall 
 be automatically renew for successive period of one ( 1 ) year unless otherwise 
 terminate as provide herein . 
  8.2 convenience . nettaxi may terminate this agreement at any time for 
  ----------- 
 its convenience , for no reason or for any reason , upon sixty ( 60 ) day prior 
 write notice to spinrecords.com . in the event of such termination , 
 spinrecords.com shall be entitle to receive and retain all payment make or 
 payable by nettaxi prior to the date of termination . spinrecords.com may 
 terminate this agreement for no reason or for any reason upon sixty ( 60 ) day 
 prior write notice to nettaxi . 
  8.3 termination for cause . this agreement may be terminate by a party 
  ---------------------- 
 for cause immediately upon the occurrence of and in accordance with the 
 following : 
  ( a ) insolvency event . either may terminate this agreement by 
 deliver write notice to the other party upon the occurrence of any of the 
 follow event : ( i ) a receiver be appoint for either party or its property; 
 ( ii ) either make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; ( iii ) 
 either party commence , or have commence against it , proceeding under any 
 bankruptcy , insolvency or debtor 's relief law , which proceeding be not 
 dismiss within sixty ( 60 ) days; or ( iv ) either party be liquidate or 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
 dissolve . 
  ( b ) change of control . in the event more that there be a change in 
 ownership represent fifty percent ( 50 ) or more of the equity ownership of 
 either party , the other party may , at its option , terminate this agreement upon 
 write notice . 
  ( c ) default . either party may terminate this agreement effective 
 upon write notice to the other if the other party violate any covenant , 
 agreement , representation or warranty contain herein in any material respect 
 or default or fail to perform any of its obligation or agreement hereunder 
 in any material respect , which violation , default or failure be not cure within 
 thirty ( 30 ) day after notice thereof from the non - defaulting party state its 
 intention to terminate this agreement by reason thereof . 
  8.4 survival of right and obligation upon termination . section 6 and 
  --------------------------------------------------- 
 7 shall survive termination or expiration of this agreement . notwithstanding 
 anything in the foregoing to the contrary , in the case of termination by nettaxi 
 for cause pursuant to section 8.3 [ termination for cause ] , nettaxi shall not be require to pay any fee 
 to spinrecords.com after termination . 
  8.5 return of material upon termination . on or before ten ( 10 ) day 
  --------------------------------------- 
 after the termination of this agreement , spinrecords.com shall deliver to 
 nettaxi all nettaxi confidential information and nettaxi brand feature , 
 include but not limit to all work product , diagram , design and schematic 
 in spinrecords.com 's possession and nettaxi.com shall deliver to spinrecords.com 
 all spinrecords.com confidential information and spinrecords.com brand feature , 
 include but not limit to all work product , diagram , design and schematic 
 in nettaxi.com 's possession 
 9 . miscellaneous 
  9.1 force majeure . neither party shall be liable to the other for 
  -------------- 
 delay or failure in performance result from cause beyond the reasonable 
 control of that party , include , but not limit to , act of god , labor 
 dispute or disturbance , material shortage or rationing , riot , act of war , 
 governmental regulation , communication or utility failure , or casualty . 
  9.2 relationship of party . the party be independent contractor 
  ------------------------- 
 under this agreement and no other relationship be intend , include a 
 partnership , franchise , joint venture , agency , employer / employee , fiduciary , 
 master / servant relationship , or other special relationship . neither party shall 
 act in a manner which express or imply a relationship other than that of 
 independent contractor , nor bind the other party . 
  9.3 no third party beneficiary . unless otherwise expressly provide , 
  ----------------------------- 
 no provision of this agreement be intend or shall be construe to confer 
 upon or give to any person or entity other than nettaxi and spinrecords.com any 
 right , remedy or other benefit under or by reason of this agreement . 
  9.4 equitable relief . each party acknowledge that a breach by the 
  ----------------- 
 other party of any confidentiality or proprietary right provision of this 
 agreement may cause the non - breaching party irreparable damage , for which the 
 award of damage would not be adequate compensation . consequently , the 
 non - breaching party may institute an action to enjoin the breach party from 
 any and all act in violation of those provision , which remedy shall be 
 cumulative and not exclusive , and a party may seek the entry of an injunction 
 enjoin any breach or threaten breach of those provision , in addition to 
 any other relief to which the non - breaching party may be entitle at law or in 
 equity . 

  9.5 attorney ' fee . in addition to any other relief award , the 
  ---------------- 
 prevail party in any action arise out of this agreement shall be entitle 
 to its reasonable attorney ' fee and cost . 
  9.6 notice . any notice require or permit to be give by either 
  ------- 
 party under this agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally deliver 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
 or send by a reputable overnight mail service ( e.g. , federal express ) , or by 
 first class mail ( certify or register ) , or by facsimile confirm by first 
 class mail ( register or certify ) , to the party at the address indicate 
 above . notice will be deem effective ( i ) three ( 3 ) working day after 
 deposit , postage prepay , if mail , ( ii ) the next day if send by overnight 
 mail , or ( iii ) the same day if send by facsimile and confirm as set forth 
 above . 
  9.7 assignment . neither nettaxi or spinrecords.com shall assign its 
  ---------- 
 respective right or delegate its obligation hereunder , either in whole or in 
 part , whether by operation of law or otherwise , without the prior write 
 consent of the other party . any attempt assignment or delegation without the 
 other party 's write consent will be void . 
  9.8 waiver and modification . failure by either party to enforce any 
  ------------------------- 
 provision of this agreement will not be deem a waiver of future enforcement of 
 that or any other provision . any waiver , amendment or other modification of any 
 provision of this agreement will be effective only if in writing and sign by 
 the party . 
  9.9 severability . if for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction 
  ------------ 
 find any provision of this agreement to be unenforceable , that provision of the 
 agreement will be enforce to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the 
 intent of the party , and the remainder of this agreement will continue in full 
 force and effect . 
  9.10 control law and jurisdiction . this agreement and any action 
  ----------------------------------- 
 relate thereto shall be govern , control , interpret and define by and 
 under the law of the state of california and the united states , without regard 
 to the conflict of law provision thereof . unless waive by nettaxi ( which it 
 may do in its sole discretion ) the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any 
 action with respect to the subject matter of this agreement shall be the 
 superior court of california for the county of santa clara or the united states 
 district court for the northern district of california and each of the party 
 hereto submit itself to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such court for 
 the purpose of any such action . the party specifically disclaim the un 
 convention on contract for the international sale of good . 
  9.11 heading . heading use in this agreement be for ease of 
  -------- 
 reference only and shall not be use to interpret any aspect of this agreement . 
  9.12 entire agreement . this agreement , include all exhibit which be 
  ---------------- 
 incorporate herein by reference , constitute the entire agreement between the 
 party with respect to the subject matter hereof , and supersede and replace 
 all prior and contemporaneous understanding or agreement , write or oral , 
 regard such subject matter . 
  9.13 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in two counterpart , 
  ------------ 
 each of which shall be an original and together which shall constitute one and 
 the same instrument . 
  in witness whereof , the party hereto have execute this agreement by 
 person duly authorize as of the date and year first above write . 
 nettaxi : nettaxi online community , inc . 
  by : /s/ 
  --------------------------------------------- 
  its : executive vice president sale & marketing 
  -------------------------------------------- 
 solution medium solution medium , inc . 
  ----------------------- 
  by : /s/ 
  --------------------------------------------- 
  its : president 
  --------------------------------------------- 
 table of exhibit 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
 exhibit a - spinrecords.com brand feature 
 exhibit b - nettaxi brand feature 
 exhibit c - statement of work 

  exhibit a 
  spinrecords.com brand feature 
  1 . service mark : 
  " spinrecords.com " 
  " spinradio " 
  " spin tv " 
  " local spin " 
  " spin chat " 
  " gig - a - board " 
  " spin cut " 
  " spin chart " 
  " join the evolution " 
  " the promise of music on the internet deliver " 
  2 . spinrecords.com collateral and dress - spinrecords.com color scheme , 
  font and general " look and feel " 
  3 . spinrecords.com logo 
  4 . " anything but that " cartoon series 
  5 . spinrecords.com source material 
  6 . spinrecords.com website 

  exhibit b 
  nettaxi brand feature 
  1 . service mark : 
  " nettaxi " 
  " nettaxi.com " 
  " nettaxi online community " 
  " internet the city " 
  " drive your internet experience " 
  2 . trade dress - nettaxi color scheme and checker motif; " look 
  and feel " 
  3 . nettaxi logo 
  4 . nettaxi source material 
  5 . the website 

  exhibit c 
  statement of work 
 1 . general 
  this be a statement of work under the co - branding agreement by and between 
 nettaxi online community , inc . ( " nettaxi " ) and solution medium , inc . , 
 ( " spinrecords.com " ) date effective as of nov . 5 , 1999 . 
 2 . project manager . 
 nettaxi : will richard spinrecords.com : criona mclaughlin 
 2165 s. bascom avenue 11440 west bernardo ct 
 campbell , california 95008 san diego , california 92127 
 phone : ( 408 ) 879 - 9880 phone : ( 619)451 - 3223 
 fax : ( 408 ) 879 - 9907 fax : ( 619)451 - 2373 
 3 . brand method 
 spinrecords.com and nettaxi.com will enter into a multi - phase launch of a 
 co - branded community for nettaxi , and the implementation of community service 
 for spinrecords.com member . the follow define the agreement after the final 
 phase . the individual phase be specify follow the marketing section of 
 the statement of work . 
 1 ) spinrecords.com will develop a co - branded site show the nettaxi.com 
  logo . the co - branding shall not include spinradiotm , spintvtm , feature 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
  module , and spin brand chart . all other navigation bar feature shall 
  be modify to the co - brand include localnettaxi , and nettaxichat . the 
  spinware and spinstore will be modify to include license content 
  purchase directly from spinrecords.com and to eliminate product that will 
  compete with the nettaxi store . 
 2 ) spinrecords.com will incorporate from the navigation bar a link from 
  nettaxistore to the nettaxi commerce site . 
 3 ) the co - brand nettaximusic store will contain spingear , spingallery , 
  spinmusic , and kingdom skateboard product and service . spin agree to pay 
  nettaxi a 5 commission of the gross sale price on all transaction . 
 4 ) spinrecords.com will maintain the spin logo on the site in a corner of 
  their choice . 
 5 ) nettaxi web base e - mail will replace spinmail on the co - brand site . 
 6 ) nettaxi 's search engine shall be the default search engine on the 
  co - branded site and on the spinrecords.com homesite , with the exception 
  that , in the event spinrecords.com provide its content to or otherwise 
  develop any co - brand site with any isp , internet portal or other 
  entity , spinrecords.com shall not be require to employ the nettaxi search 
  engine . in all case in which the nettaxi search engine be employ , the 
  search shall first deliver result find on the spinrecords.com website . 
  the search feature shall have the tag line " drive by nettaxi " underneath 
  the search bar . 
 7 ) nettaxi shall cause its search engine to search and deliver result from 
  the spinrecords.com site and co - branded site as one of the top result for 
  all search for related word on the co - brand site , the spinrecords.com 
  homesite and the nettaxi.com site . related word shall include , but not be 
  limit to : " music , " " mp3 , " " independent artist / music " and " cd . " 
 8) nettaxi will create a music template for the nettaxi homepage builder . 
  every register member of spinrecords.com and nettaximusic will be 
  provide a dynamically generate home page . spinrecords.com will submit to 
  nettaxi the exist list of spinrecords.com member from which a homepage 
  shall be generate . 
 9 ) nettaximusic and spinrecords.com will share register user by 
  synchronize the database for registered user . nettaxi will maintain 
  unique i d 's for each community home page build in the spinrecords.com 
  domain and nettaximusic.com domain ( for the purpose of the auto - generation 
  of fan page template ) . this synchronization shall not include any user 
  that arrive at spinrecords.com through any other co - branded site or through 
  any other mean of co - branding / co - marketing with any other isp , website or 
  other entity . 
 10 ) nettaxi will develop a link from the nettaxi arts & entertainment area for 
  the co - brand site . 
 11 ) nettaxi will add nettaximusic to the street sign on the a&e page . 
 12 ) nettaxi will make the word " music " on the splash page , under a&e a link , 
  and have it link to nettaxi.spinrecords.com . the co - brand site . 
 13 ) the co - branded site will have the nettaxi mp3 player as an available mp3 
  player on the site . 
 14 ) spinrecords.com will place the nettaxi logo on promotional cdrom 's and 
  sampler that contain the nettaxi mp3 player or site banner . banner on 
  cdrom 's will link straight to nettaxi and nettaximusic . 
 15 ) nettaxi will include the spinrecords.com logo on promotional cdrom 's 
  contain music provide spinrecords.com . 
 16 ) spinrecords.com will provide a link from all artist ' page to the 
  co - brand registration site for fan to produce fan page . 
 17 ) nettaxi.com and spinrecords.com will develop ability for all register 
  user of the co - branded site to achieve one - click buying on the co - brand 
  site whether purchase from nettaxi 's store or the spinstore . 

 4 . marketing effort 
 1 ) spinrecords.com will sell ad space on the co - brand site , in accordance 
  with the agreement , within 30 day of the effective date . 
 2 ) both party agree to develop a nettaxi co - branded cd feature 
  nettaximusic.com . both party will share the production cost of the 
  nettaximusic.com co - branded cd . the per unit cost shall be 50 cent or 
  less , unless both party agree otherwise . 
 3 ) nettaxi will develop a community base affinity model for music that 
  feature spinrecords.com artist . 
 4 ) nettaxi will provide in - house advertising to promote the co - brand music 
  site . 
 5 ) spinrecords.com will engage with nettaxi as an -advertising sponsor 
  promote the co - branded site with each party contribute a monthly 
  investment of not less than 20,000 per month , in cash expenditure or 
  in - kind contribution toward the marketing effort(s ) . 
 6 ) spinrecords.com will promote nettaximusic.com as a music affiliate in their 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
  non - traditional street marketing method , to include flyer 's create 
  in - house for spin band , will have the logo of nettaxi.com music in - order 
  that consumer see alternate choice to find the band music . 
 7 ) both party agree to include advertisement for the other party in the 
  advertising include with their web - base e - mail offer to their user . 
 8) spinrecords.com will grant nettaxi the right to use the artist 's likeness 
  in promotion of the co - brand site . 
 9 ) nettaxi.com agree to participate in spinrecords.com fourth quarter 
  promotional plan by procure 250,000 worth of co - promotional placement 
  in spinrecord advertising target towards college , extreme sport and 
  other mutually agree upon target audience . 
 10 ) spinrecords.com agree to purchase in the fourth quarter , 250,000 worth of 
  advertising and sponsorship space within the nettaxi site for promotion of 
  the co - branded and spinrecords.com community . 
 phase roll out plan 
 phase I : november 8th 
 the exist site locate at spinrecords.com/nettaxi shall be launch - target 
 date one week from agreement date . this site shall contain the web base e - mail 
 from nettaxi . this site shall also use spinstore and spinware as it currently 
 exist on the site . 
 nettaxi will begin development of the music template for the home page builder . 
 spinrecord will submit their exist list of member to nettaxi to integrate 
 the homepage builder database and resolve duplicate i d 's exist between 
 nettaxi and spinrecord member registration . 
 nettaxi and spinrecord will integrate their respective registration to allow 
 both company to synchronize their register user from the co - brand site . 
 spinrecord can announce the partnership in a press release the day the 
 co - branded site launch . this press release will detail the co - branded 
 relationship . 
 phase ii : november 22nd 
 community home page will be available to all member of nettaximusic.com and 
 spinrecords.com . spinrecords.com will announce to their exist membership the 
 existence of their new homepage , provide they with their unique url and promote 
 their ability to develop a unique web site . 
 nettaxi will announce the same ability to all register member of 
 nettaximusic.com . 
 nettaxi 's search engine will be launch on the spinrecords.com domain . 
 nettaxi 's e - commerce offering will be launch on the co - brand site . 
 spinrecords.com e - comnerce offering will be reduce to provide licensed 
 merchandise and content and any additional product mutually agree upon by 
 nettaxi.com and spinrecords.com . 
 both company will announce their user ability to shop on the co - brand site 
 use one - click buying . each member can move between the store on the co - brand 
 site and order in each individual store . 

 phase iii : january 1 , 2000 
  nettaxi launch citizen and small business e - commerce offering for all 
 community site . this feature will allow current nettaxi home page web site to 
 integrate e - commerce offering from their own product and product from the 
 nettaxi store . 
 5 . payment 
 percentage of advertising revenue 
  5.1 " spinrecords.com 's advertising revenue " mean the gross revenue 
 from advertising invoice by spinrecords.com in a calendar quarter for 
 advertising by third party on the spinrecords.com page , less any commission 
 not to exceed 35 . 
  5.2 " spinrecords.com 's ar share " mean the number of impression on the 
 spinrecords.com page by user arrive through the co - branded nettaxi page in 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
 a calendar quarter divide by the total number of impression on the 
 spinrecords.com page by all user in that calendar quarter . 
  5.3 " nettaxi advertising revenue " mean the gross revenue from 
 advertising invoice by nettaxi in a calendar quarter for advertising by third 
 party on the nettaxi page , less any commission . 
  5.4 " nettaxi 's ar share " mean the number of impression on the nettaxi 
 page by user arrive through the co - branded spinrecords.com page in a 
 calendar quarter divide by the total number of impression on the nettaxi page 
 by all user in that calendar quarter . 
  5.5 spinrecords.com rate . in full consideration for the right grant 
  --------------------- 
 by nettaxi , spinrecords.com agree to pay nettaxi fifty ( 50 ) percent of ad 
 revenue at an average rate no lower then 6.50 per one thousand impression 
 ( cpm ) payable to nettaxi which result when the spinrecords.com advertising 
 revenue be multiply by spinrecords.com 's ar share . spinrecords.com shall be 
 responsible for payment of all taxis base on the advertising revenue except 
 taxis base on nettaxi 's income . 
  5.6 nettaxi rate . n / a. 
  ------------- 
  5.7 payment schedule . the party shall make such payment within 
  ----------------- 
 thirty ( 30 ) day of the end of each calendar quarter for the advertising revenue 
 invoice during such calendar quarter . 
  5.8 record . spinrecords.com agree to keep accurate book of account 
  ------- 
 and record at its principal place of business cover all advertising revenue 
 and associate commission . upon reasonable notice of not less than seven ( 7 ) 
 business day , but in no event more than once per year ( unless the immediately 
 precede audit show a material underpayment ) , nettaxi shall have the right , 
 subject to suitable confidentiality measure , to cause a certify public 
 accountant to inspect those portion of the book of account and record which 
 relate to the royalty owe nettaxi , to confirm that the correct amount owe 
 nettaxi under this agreement have be pay . spinrecords.com shall maintain such 
 book of account and record which support each statement for at least two year 
 after the termination or expiration of this contract or after the final payment 
 make by spinrecords.com to nettaxi , whichever be later . 
 2 : per customer fee 
  1 . spinrecords.com payment . for each user that access the co - brand 
  ------------------------ 
 site and become a pay customer on the co - brand site , spinrecords.com 
 agree to pay a fee of five ( 5 ) percent of the gross sale . 
  2 . nettaxi payment . n / a. 
  ---------------- 
  3 . payment term . all fee will be pay on or before fifteen ( 15 ) day 
  -------------- 
 after the end of the month in which the party have receive payment 
  4 . audit right . spinrecords.com shall maintain for a period of two 
  ------------- 
 ( 2 ) year after the end of the year to which they pertain , complete record of 
 it be customer in order to calculate and confirm spinrecords.com 's obligation 
 hereunder . upon reasonable prior notice , nettaxi will have the right , 
 exercisable not more than once every twelve ( 12 ) month , to appoint an 
 independent accounting firm or other agent reasonably acceptable to 
 spinrecords.com , at nettaxi 's expense , to examine such book , record and 
 account during spinrecords.com 's normal business hour to verify the amount 
 due by spinrecords.com to nettaxi herein , subject execution of nettaxi 's 
 standard confidentiality agreement by the accounting firm or agent; provide , 
 however , that execution of such agreement will not preclude such firm from 
 report its result to nettaxi . in the event such audit disclose an 
 underpayment or overpayment of royalty due hereunder , the appropriate party 
 will promptly remit the amount due to the other party . if any such audit 
 disclose a shortfall in payment to nettaxi of more than five percent ( 5 ) for 
 any quarter , spinrecords.com agree to pay or reimburse nettaxi for the expense 
 of such audit . 

 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000 
 source : rae systems inc , 10 - q , 11/14/2000