exhibit 10.20 
  co - branding agreement 
  this co - branding agreement ( the " agreement " ) be enter into as of march 
 _ _ _ , 1999 ( the " effective date " ) by and between theglobe.com , inc . , with its 
 principal place of business at 31 west 21st street , new york , ny 10010 
 ( " theglobe " ) , and the boxlot company , with its principal place of business at 
 12626 high bluff drive , suite 370 , san diego , can 92130 ( " boxlot " ) . 
 1 . definition . 
  ( a ) " boxlot banner " mean any banner , button , text or similar ad boxlot 
 provide to theglobe in connection with this agreement . 
  ( b ) " boxlot content " mean any content or information ( include without 
 limitation any text , music , sound , photograph , video , graphic , datum or 
 software ) , in any medium , provide by boxlot to theglobe ( other than boxlot 
 banner ) , as part of the service or on the co - brand page , include any 
 content specify in exhibit a. 
  ( c ) " boxlot mark " mean all boxlot domain name , trademark , logo , and 
 other graphic reasonably necessary or desirable for theglobe to perform under 
 this agreement . 
  ( d ) " boxlot site " mean the boxlot - brand ( i.e. , non - co - branded ) version 
 of the service and associate page . 
  ( e ) " co - brand page " mean all page of the service ( include , without 
 limitation , any java screen associate with the service or email or other 
 direct communication send to user by operation of the service ) . 
  ( f ) " domain name " mean the domain name describe in exhibit a. 
  ( g ) " launch date " mean the first date on which the service be make 
 publicly available . 
  ( h ) " mark " mean the boxlot mark or theglobe mark , as applicable . 
  ( i ) " net revenue " mean all monetary consideration theglobe actually 
 receive for cpm- or cpc - base advertisement and promotion ( other than those 
 for its commerce partner ) deliver in connection with the co - brand page , 
 less a sale and administration fee of 15 . 
  ( j ) " page template " mean theglobe 's standard page layout template , as 
 revise by theglobe from time to time . 
  ( k ) " service " mean the service describe in exhibit a , as change over 
 time in accordance with this agreement , which be co - brand use the page 
 template . the service 

 also include any boxlot - operate back - end administration tool or page use by 
 theglobe or boxlot to exchange datum in accordance with this agreement . 
  ( l ) " shadow site " mean the password - protect site where the co - branded 
 page be make available for theglobe 's review and approval prior to be make 
 publicly available . 
  ( m ) " theglobe mark " mean all theglobe domain name , trademark , logo , 
 and other graphic reasonably necessary or desirable for boxlot to perform under 
 this agreement . 
  ( n ) " theglobe site " mean all page under the theglobe.com domain . 
  ( o ) " user " mean any person who access any co - branded page . 
 2 . development and implementation . 
  2.1 pre - launch deliverable . on or around march 31 , 1999 , theglobe shall 
 deliver to boxlot the page template and the other material specify in 
 exhibit a. 
  2.2 initial development . boxlot shall develop the co - brand page use 
 the page template and take all other step require to co - brand the service in 
 accordance with exhibit a. in addition , if theglobe be pass any user datum to 
 boxlot , theglobe 's standard automatic partner registration procedure shall 
 apply , and boxlot shall perform the development necessary to use such procedure . 
 the current automatic partner registration procedure be describe in exhibit d. 
 boxlot shall make the service implementation available to theglobe on the shadow 
 site prior to make it publicly available . boxlot shall not make the initial 
 service implementation publicly available without theglobe 's prior write 
 approval . unless otherwise specify , each party shall be responsible for all 
 development , hosting and other cost associate with the page live on their 
 server and all email they send . 
  2.3 change . theglobe shall have sole control over the service 's look and 
 feel , and boxlot shall not make any change in the service 's look and feel 
 without theglobe 's prior consent . far , boxlot shall notify theglobe if 
 boxlot change or add any functionality of the service describe in exhibit a 
 ( as modify by boxlot over time ) as implement on the boxlot site . unless 
 request by theglobe , boxlot shall implement such change or addition to the 
 service and make such implementation available on the shadow site for theglobe 's 
 approval within 30 day of their introduction on the boxlot site . however , 
 under no circumstance shall boxlot offer user any community feature ( such as 
 email , chat , message board , or the ability to create home page ) from the co- 
 brand page without theglobe 's consent , and if boxlot desire to do so , the 
 party will work together to discuss appropriate implementation . boxlot shall 
 make available via the shadow site all change to the service or the co - branded 
 page complete in this section 2 , and boxlot shall not implement such change 
 on the publicly available service or co - branded page until it have receive 
 theglobe 's approval . 
  2.4 service operation . boxlot shall host and operate the service under 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
 the domain name in accordance with the term of exhibit b. 

  2.5 rebranding . if request by theglobe , boxlot shall implement on the 
 co - branded page new version of the page template if theglobe change the page 
 template across theglobe site generally . far , if request by theglobe , 
 boxlot shall create additional branded version of the service and co - branded 
 page brand with the branding of theglobe 's distribution partner , which 
 brand version shall be implement within 30 day and subject to approval in 
 accordance with this section 2 . 
  2.6 boxlot content . boxlot shall provide boxlot content to user via the 
 co - branded page , except that boxlot shall deliver to theglobe those element of 
 boxlot content reside on theglobe 's server in accordance with the term of 
 exhibit a. unless otherwise direct by theglobe , the co - branded page shall 
 include all of the content display on the boxlot site , and the boxlot content 
 shall be update to keep the co - brand page in parity with the boxlot site . 
 any nonconformance with the term of the frequency / quantity column of exhibit a 
 shall permit theglobe to terminate immediately if the breach be not cure within 
 12 hour . 
  2.7 navigation . boxlot shall not , in conjunction with the service , use any 
 interstitial , pop - up window , other intermediate step or any other technology 
 or content which act as a barrier to the transition of a user from theglobe 
 site to the co - brand page , nor shall boxlot otherwise frame the co - brand 
 page or use any other technology which interfere with or affect the page 
 layout of such page . all co - branded page shall link back to theglobe site as 
 specify by theglobe . 
  2.8 user relation . boxlot shall be responsible for provide all 
 customer support regard the service or the co - brand page , and theglobe may 
 redirect to boxlot any associate customer support inquiry . boxlot shall have 
 sole control over the user agreement that govern the service , and boxlot shall 
 have the sole responsibility for deal with breach of such user agreement . 
 however , if theglobe have an issue with the user agreement or boxlot 's 
 enforcement of it , the party shall discuss such issue in good faith . 
 furthermore , boxlot 's privacy policy shall make any disclosure , or obtain any 
 user consent , reasonably request by theglobe that the party believe be 
 necessary to make the disclosure about user back to theglobe require by this 
 agreement . all user shall be treat at least as favorable in all respect 
 ( include without limitation with respect to pricing , quality of service , and 
 customer support responsiveness ) as boxlot treat user of the boxlot site . 
  2.9 database synchronization . if request by theglobe and if boxlot 
 capture relevant information , boxlot shall use reasonable effort to cooperate 
 with theglobe to implement way for theglobe to capture user information to the 
 extent that such information would change the relevant information in theglobe 's 
 database . 
  2.10 promotion . follow the launch date , the party shall conduct the 
 promotion specify in exhibit a. 
 3 . advertising . 

  3.1 ad sale . theglobe shall have sole control over all advertising and 
 promotion inventory on the co - brand page . boxlot shall not introduce any 
 advertising spot or third party brand in conjunction with the co - brand 
 page or the service without theglobe 's approval . if , after theglobe ( or its 
 designee ) use commercially reasonable effort to sell such inventory , there 
 remain unsold inventory , then theglobe may , in its sole discretion , place house 
 or barter ad in such inventory . 
  3.2 ad serve . theglobe or its designee shall be solely responsible for 
 serve all advertisement and promotion in connection with the co - branded 
 page . theglobe shall provide boxlot with ad serve code , which boxlot shall 
 implement at its own expense on all co - brand page . theglobe hereby grant to 
 boxlot a nonexclusive license to use such code solely to permit theglobe or its 
 designee to serve ad in connection with the co - brand page . boxlot shall 
 notify theglobe at least 15 day prior to make any change that would affect 
 serve ad on the co - brand page . 
  3.3 boxlot banner . boxlot shall deliver to theglobe any boxlot banner 
 which be to be run in accordance with this agreement . such banner shall 
 comply with theglobe 's then - current technical standard . the term of any 
 insertion order or similar document regard the boxlot banner be expressly 
 reject , except to the extent that they specify the location , timing or 
 duration of the display of the boxlot banner and such term be accept by 
 theglobe . unless mutually agree otherwise , boxlot banner shall link to the 
 co - brand page . theglobe may request that boxlot banner be co - brand with 
 theglobe mark , in which case the party shall work together to develop a 
 mutually acceptable implementation . theglobe may approve or reject any boxlot 
 banner in its sole discretion . theglobe shall use commercially reasonable 
 effort not to run banner on the co - brand page for the company enumerate 
 on exhibit c. boxlot may update exhibit c from time to time during the term; 
 however : ( a ) boxlot may not add any site or company to exhibit c which be not 
 reasonably consider to be in the online auction business , and ( b ) if boxlot 
 add any new site or company to exhibit c , theglobe shall be entitle to 
 complete any contractual obligation pursuant to contract in place with such 
 site or company at the time of addition . 
 4 . license and standard . 
  4.1 content . boxlot hereby grant to theglobe a non - exclusive , worldwide 
 license to use , reproduce , create derivative work of ( only as necessary to 
 build page in a manner consistent with this agreement ) , publicly display , 
 publicly perform and digitally perform boxlot banner , and those element of the 
 boxlot content serve from theglobe 's server ( as denote in exhibit a ) , on 
 theglobe site or otherwise as reasonably appropriate to advertise and promote 
 the service and the co - brand page . subject to the approval process in 
 section 2 , theglobe hereby grant to boxlot a non - exclusive , worldwide license 
 to use , reproduce , create derivative work of ( only as necessary to build co- 
 brand page ) , publicly display , publicly perform and digitally perform the 
 page template on co - brand page . 
  4.2 trademark . boxlot hereby grant to theglobe a non - exclusive license 
 to use the boxlot mark ( include the domain name if applicable ) to advertise 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
 and promote the service . 

 theglobe hereby grant to boxlot a non - exclusive license to use theglobe mark 
 ( include the domain name if applicable ) on the co - brand page . 
  4.3 trademark restriction . the mark owner may terminate the foregoing 
 trademark license if , in its reasonable discretion , the licensee 's use of the 
 mark tarnish , blur or dilute the quality associate with the mark or the 
 associate goodwill and such problem be not cure within 10 day of notice of 
 breach; alternatively , instead of terminate the license in total , the owner 
 may specify that certain licensee us may not contain the mark . title to and 
 ownership of the owner 's mark shall remain with the owner . the licensee shall 
 use the mark exactly in the form provide and in conformance with any trademark 
 usage policy . the licensee shall not take any action inconsistent with the 
 owner 's ownership of the mark , and any benefit accrue from use of such mark 
 shall automatically vest in the owner . the licensee shall not form any 
 combination mark with the other party 's mark other than the domain name ( if 
 applicable ) . if the domain name be deem a combination mark , neither party 
 shall use the domain name for any purpose except as expressly provide herein or 
 attempt to register the domain name , and the party will jointly cooperate on 
 any enforcement action of infringement of the domain name . 
  4.4 ownership . as between theglobe and boxlot : ( a ) theglobe and its 
 supplier retain all right , title and interest in and to all intellectual 
 property right embody in or associate with the page template , and ( b ) 
 boxlot and its supplier retain all right , title and interest in and to all 
 intellectual property right embody in or associate with the boxlot content , 
 boxlot banner and boxlot mark . there be no imply license under this 
 agreement , and any right not expressly grant to a licensee hereunder be 
 reserve by the licensor or its supplier . neither party shall exceed the scope 
 of the license grant hereunder . 
  4.5 standard . boxlot shall not provide boxlot banner or boxlot content , 
 and theglobe shall not provide to boxlot any page template , that : ( a ) infringe 
 any third party 's intellectual property right or right of publicity or privacy; 
 ( b ) violate any law or regulation; ( c ) be defamatory , obscene , harmful to 
 minor or child pornographic; ( d ) contain any virus , trojan horse , worm , 
 time bomb , cancelbot or other computer programming routine that be intend 
 to damage , detrimentally interfere with , surreptitiously intercept or 
 expropriate any system , datum or personal information; or ( e ) be materially 
 false , inaccurate or misleading . 
 5 . user data . 
  5.1 right / restriction . except as specify in this section , each party 
 may freely use and disclose any information ( both individual and aggregate ) 
 about user ( " user data " ) . neither party shall disclose any user datum in any 
 manner that permit the user datum to be associate with the other party or 
 permit the targeting of user on the basis of their status as user ( in 
 theglobe 's case ) or theglobe user ( in boxlot 's case ) , nor shall a party use the 
 user datum to target user on the basis of their status as user ( in theglobe 's 
 case ) or theglobe user ( in boxlot 's case ) . however , either party may disclose 
 user datum if it be aggregate ( in a non - associatable way ) with datum from 
 multiple online property . each party shall use and disclose user datum only in 
 accordance with the privacy policy under which it be collect . 

  5.2 delivery to theglobe . boxlot shall deliver to theglobe all 
 information about user who register with boxlot on the co - brand page that 
 boxlot collect from its registration process . such information shall be 
 deliver weekly in an electronic format specify by theglobe use a process 
 reasonably specify by theglobe . 
 6 . payment term . 
  6.1 payment . the party shall make the payment describe in exhibit a. 
 overdue payment shall accrue interest , at the less of 1 1/2 per month or the 
 maximum allowable interest under applicable law , from due date until pay , and 
 the owe party shall pay the owe party 's cost of collection ( include 
 reasonable attorney ' fee ) . 
  6.2 taxis . all fee and payment state herein exclude , and the party 
 make payment shall pay , any sale , use or other tax relate to the party ' 
 performance of their obligation or exercise of their right under this 
 agreement , exclusive of taxis base on the receive party 's net income . 
  6.3 audit right . a party obligate to make payment hereunder shall keep 
 for 3 year proper record and book of account relate to the computation of 
 such payment . once every 12 month , the party receive payment or its 
 designee may inspect such record to verify report . any such inspection will 
 be conduct in a manner that do not unreasonably interfere with the inspect 
 party 's business activity . the inspect party shall immediately make any 
 overdue payment disclose by the audit plus applicable interest . such 
 inspection shall be at the inspect party 's expense; however , if the audit 
 reveal overdue payment in excess of 5 of the payment owe to date , the 
 inspect party shall immediately pay the cost of such audit , and the inspecting 
 party may conduct another audit during the same 12 month period . 
 7 . report . 
  7.1 by theglobe . within 30 day follow the end of each month , theglobe 
 shall provide boxlot with its standard report regard theglobe 's promotion 
 hereunder and report on the computation of net revenue . 
  7.2 by boxlot . in addition to any other report specify herein , boxlot 
 shall provide to theglobe the following report : ( a ) daily usage report 
 regard the co - branded page describe the number of page impression , number 
 of user and such other information as boxlot generally provide to its other 
 similar partner , ( b ) weekly demographic report regard the service 
 contain summary information regard user demographic profile , and ( c ) if 
 applicable , within 30 day follow the end of each month , report regard 
 the computation of the fee it owe under section 6 . 
  in addition to the foregoing , as soon as commercially reasonable ( but in no 
 event later than 6 month follow the launch date ) , boxlot ( with assistance as 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
 necessary from theglobe ) shall deliver report to theglobe about individual 
 register user on the co - brand page when the user bid on an item , 
 purchase an item , list an item for sale and successfully sell an item . the 
 report shall be break down into at least the follow category : the user 's 
 unique userid 

 number assign by theglobe , the action be log ( bid , purchase , list , 
 sale ) , the date and time of the event , and the topic / category in which the event 
 occur . such report shall be provide to theglobe on at least a monthly basis 
 in an electronic format that be easily decode in an automate manner for import 
 into theglobe 's statistic database , and the file shall be a delimited 
 text file with each line correspond to an event and include the information 
 outline above . 
 8 . term and termination . 
  8.1 term . this agreement will become effective on the effective date and 
 will continue in effect for 2 year follow the launch date . 
  8.2 termination for failure to perform . by provide write notice , a 
 party may immediately terminate this agreement : ( a ) if the other party 
 materially breach this agreement and fail to cure that breach within 15 day 
 after receive write notice of the breach , or ( b ) as provide in section 2.6 [ boxlot content ] 
 or 12.7 [ force majeure ] or exhibit b. in addition , by provide write notice , theglobe may 
 immediately terminate this agreement , or at its option immediately suspend its 
 promotion and other effort hereunder , in the case of boxlot 's breach of section 
 12.1 [ compliance with law ] . 
  8.3 termination for change of control . by provide write notice , 
 theglobe may terminate this agreement in its sole discretion if one of the 
 follow company ( or their subsidiary ) do an " ownership change event " : 
 lycos , yahoo ( include geocitie , which shall be include even if their 
 propose merger do not occur ) , xoom , fortune city , excite , go network 
 ( include disney and infoseek ) , snap ! ( include nbc ) and aol . an " ownership 
 change event " mean : ( x ) the acquisition of 50 or more of boxlot 's equity or 
 voting interests; ( y ) a merger or consolidation of boxlot; or ( z ) the sale , 
 exchange or transfer of all or substantially all of boxlot 's asset relate to 
 the service . 
  8.4 termination for change . by provide write notice , theglobe may 
 terminate this agreement in its sole discretion if : ( a ) boxlot 's business model 
 change such that the service be no long boxlot 's primary line of business , or 
 ( b ) at the one year anniversary of the launch date , the service be significantly 
 inferior to the comparable service be offer by the market leader in the 
 person to person auction space . 
  8.5 termination for failure to grow . by provide write notice , boxlot 
 may immediately terminate this agreement if theglobe 's register user base have 
 not increase by user by the 1 year anniversary of the effective date . 
  8.6 effect of termination . upon expiration or termination , all license 
 grant hereunder shall terminate unless such license be expressly state as 
 survive . boxlot shall promptly remove all theglobe mark and page template 
 from its server , and theglobe shall promptly remove all boxlot mark , boxlot 
 banner and boxlot content from its server . section 1 , 4.4 [ ownership ] , 5.1 [ right / restriction ] , 6.2 [ taxis ] , 6.3 [ audit right ] , 
 8.6 [ effect of termination ] , 9 , 10 , 11 and 12.2 [ govern law ] to 12.9 [ entire agreement; waiver ] , and any obligation to pay any owe but unpaid 
 amount , shall survive any expiration or termination . 

  in addition , boxlot acknowledge that the placement fee set forth in 
 exhibit a be intend to be in year 1 and in year 2 , even though 
 theglobe have agree to extend credit term to boxlot by allow boxlot to pay 
 over time . thus , in the event that this agreement terminate under section 8.2 [ termination for failure to perform ] 
 due to boxlot 's failure to perform ( exclude the cross - reference to section 
 12.7 [ force majeure ] ) prior to the end of the applicable year , boxlot shall immediately pay to 
 theglobe the amount necessary to pay the total year 's placement fee for that 
 year . boxlot waif any right to assert that the foregoing fee be a liquidate 
 damage or a penalty . 
 9 . no warranty . each party provide all material and service to the other 
 party " as be . " each party disclaim all warranty and condition , express , 
 imply or statutory , include without limitation the imply warranty of 
 title , non - infringement , merchantability , and fitness for a particular purpose . 
 each party acknowledge that it have not enter into this agreement in reliance 
 upon any warranty or representation except those specifically set forth herein . 
 unless an approval process be specify herein , all deliverable provide by one 
 party to the other shall be deem accept ( for purpose of the ucc ) when 
 deliver . 
 10 . indemnity . each party ( the " indemnifying party " ) shall indemnify the other 
 party ( the " indemnified party " ) against any and all claim , loss , cost and 
 expense , include reasonable attorney ' fee , which the indemnified party may 
 incur as a result of claim in any form by third party arise from : ( x ) the 
 indemnify party 's act , omission or misrepresentation to the extent that 
 the indemnify party be deem an agent of the indemnified party , or ( y ) the 
 indemnify party 's breach of its privacy policy . in addition , theglobe shall 
 indemnify boxlot against any and all claim , loss , cost and expense , 
 include reasonable attorney ' fee , which boxlot may incur as a result of 
 claim in any form by third party arise from the page template or theglobe 
 mark . in addition , boxlot shall indemnify theglobe against any and all claim , 
 loss , cost and expense , include reasonable attorney ' fee , which theglobe 
 may incur as a result of claim in any form by third party arise from boxlot 
 banner , boxlot content , boxlot mark , the service ( exclude the page template 
 or theglobe mark ) or boxlot 's breach of section 12.1 [ compliance with law ] . the foregoing 
 obligation be condition on the indemnified party : ( i ) give the 
 indemnify party notice of the relevant claim , ( ii ) cooperate with the 
 indemnifying party , at the indemnify party 's expense , in the defense of such 
 claim , and ( iii ) give the indemnify party the right to control the defense 
 and settlement of any such claim , except that the indemnify party shall not 
 enter into any settlement that affect the indemnified party 's right or 
 interest without the indemnified party 's prior write approval . the 
 indemnify party shall have the right to participate in the defense at its 
 expense . 
 11 . liability limit . neither party shall be liable for lost profit or 
 special , incidental or consequential damage ( however arise , include 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
 negligence ) arise out of or in connection with this agreement , even if the 
 party be aware of the possibility of such damage . 
 except in the event of a claim under section 10 or failure to pay under section 
 6 , in no event shall either party be liable to the 

 other party in an amount great than the amount boxlot actually pay to 
 theglobe hereunder . 
 12 . general . 
  12.1 compliance with law . at its own expense , boxlot shall comply with 
 all applicable law and regulation regard provide and operate the 
 service . without limit the foregoing , boxlot shall ( a ) obtain all 
 governmental approval , permit and license , and make all governmental filing 
 and registration , necessary for the marketing and performance of the service in 
 every united states jurisdiction , ( b ) ensure that theglobe be not require to 
 obtain any governmental approval , permit or license as a result of this 
 agreement , theglobe 's performance hereunder or any payment make to theglobe 
 hereunder , and ( c ) promptly resolve any assertion that the service be illegal 
 or violate a protect third party interest . 
  12.2 govern law . this agreement will be govern and construe in 
 accordance with the law of the state of new york without give effect to 
 conflict of law principle . both party submit to personal jurisdiction in new 
 york and far agree that any cause of action arise under this agreement 
 shall be bring in a court in new york city , ny . 
  12.3 publicity . prior to the release of any press release or other 
 similar promotional material relate to this agreement , the release party 
 shall submit a write request for approval to the other party with a copy of 
 the material to be release , which request shall be make no less than 3 
 business day prior to the request release date . a party shall not 
 unreasonably withhold or delay the granting of its approval of such material . 
 the party shall issue the first press release jointly . 
  12.4 independent contractor . the party be independent contractor , and 
 no agency , partnership , franchise , joint venture or employment relationship be 
 intend or create by this agreement . neither party shall make any warranty 
 or representation on behalf of the other party . 
  12.5 assignment . neither party may assign its right or delegate its 
 duty hereunder ( except to an affiliated company , or to a successor in interest 
 in the event of a merger , sale of asset of the business to which this agreement 
 be relate , or consolidation ) without the other party 's prior write consent , 
 and any purport attempt to do so be null and void . 
  12.6 severability; heading . if any provision herein be hold to be 
 invalid or unenforceable for any reason , the remain provision will continue 
 in full force without be impair or invalidate in any way . the party 
 agree to replace any invalid provision with a valid provision that most closely 
 approximate the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision . heading 
 be for reference purpose only and in no way define , limit , construe or 
 describe the scope or extent of such section . 
  12.7 force majeure . except as otherwise provide , if performance 
 hereunder ( other than payment ) be interfere with by any condition beyond a 
 party 's reasonable control , the affected party , upon give prompt notice to the 
 other party , shall be excuse from such performance to 

 the extent of such condition . however , if a force majeure detrimentally affect 
 a party 's performance of a material covenant hereunder for 14 day or more , the 
 other party can terminate this agreement . each party acknowledge that website 
 operation may be affect by numerous factor outside of a party 's control . in 
 the case of boxlot 's performance , a boxlot force majeure include theglobe 's 
 failure to perform its obligation describe in this agreement or an outage that 
 affect the entire internet in the united states; however , in no event shall a 
 failure of any boxlot supplier or vendor be deem a boxlot force majeure . 
  12.8 notice . any notice under this agreement will be in writing and 
 deliver by personal delivery , overnight courier , confirm facsimile , 
 confirm email , or certify or register mail , return receipt request , and 
 will be deem give upon personal delivery , 1 day after deposit with an 
 overnight courier , 5 day after deposit in the mail , or upon confirmation of 
 receipt of facsimile or email . notice will be send to a party at its address 
 set forth above or such other address as that party may specify in writing 
 pursuant to this section . 
  12.9 entire agreement; waiver . this agreement set forth the entire 
 understanding and agreement of the party , and supersede any and all oral or 
 write agreement or understanding between the party , as to the subject 
 matter of the agreement . this agreement may be change only by a writing sign 
 by both party . the waiver of a breach of any provision of this agreement will 
 not operate or be interpret as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach . 
  12.10 equity stake . boxlot shall grant to theglobe , pursuant to industry- 
 standard term negotiate between the party in good faith , immediately vest 
 option to purchase share of common stock equal to up to 4 of boxlot 's fully 
 diluted capital stock ( in accordance with the chart below ) . theglobe shall be 
 restrict from exercise such option until the first anniversary of the 
 effective date , and such option shall have a five - year term . each such option 
 shall have an exercise price equal to the less of ( 1 ) the price at which 
 boxlot 's common stock be sell to the public in an initial public offering or ( 2 ) 
 6 per share; each of the foregoing as may be adjust for any stock split , 
 combination or re - organization affect boxlot 's capital stock . boxlot shall 
 grant to theglobe registration right for such option and any share of common 
 stock issue or issuable upon the exercise of such option ( include without 
 limitation , two demand registration right and unlimited piggyback registration 
 right ) on form s-1 , form s-3 or such other form as may be applicable pursuant 
 to the security act of 1933 as amend . 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
  number of aggregate unique user , as measure by aggregate percent of boxlot 's equity subject to the 
  unique ip address , in a month who visit a page option upon achieve such level once 
  under the domain name 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

 500,000 1 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 1,000,000 2 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 1,500,000 3 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 1,750,000 3.5 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 2,000,000 4 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

 theglobe.com , inc . : the boxlot company : 
 by : /s/ dean daniel by : /s/ frederick cary 
 name : dean daniels name : frederick cary 
 title : coo title : ceo 

  exhibit a 
  business term 

 description of the service : person - to - person auction 
 description of boxlot content : 

 domain name for the co - brand page : auctions.theglobe.com 
 theglobe 's promotion . in position determine by theglobe in its sole 
 discretion , theglobe shall : 
  . list " classified / auction " in the tool category of the left hand nav bar 
  . list auction in relevant theme area 
  . list auction in myglobe [ note : this will be do when commercially 
  reasonable to do so some time after the launch date ] 
  . list auction in shop.theglobe.com 
 theglobe may provide substitute placement if theglobe change or reorganize its 
 site or navigation / directory structure . theglobe shall provide a minimum of 
 impression per month of promotion for auction on the co - brand page 
 ( include without limitation any of the foregoing ) . theglobe 's sole and 
 exclusive obligation for fail to deliver the minimum number of impression 
 shall be to continue perform the promotion until it deliver the total number 
 of required impression . 
 boxlot 's promotion . theglobe may place up to 100 listing a month on the 
 boxlot site ( and all co - branded version thereof ) promote product be sell 
 by theglobe or its affiliate without have to pay any listing fee , closing 
 value fee , transaction fee or other fee . 
 theglobe pre - launch deliverable : in addition to develop the page template , 
 theglobe shall provide to boxlot a medium and promotional plan and a plan for 
 do the production / design service relate to the service 's integration into 
 theglobe site . 
 payment 
  . 
  . placement fee . the follow schedule of payment apply : 

 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
  time of payment amount of payment 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

 execution 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 1st monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 2nd monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

 3rd monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 4th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 5th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 6th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 7th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 8th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 9th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 10th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 11th monthly anniversary of launch date 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 each monthly anniversary thereafter ( exclude the 
 final monthly anniversary ( e.g. , the last day of the 
 contract ) ) 
 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
  . ad split . theglobe shall pay boxlot of net revenue . 
  . transactional revenue . boxlot shall retain of the transaction revenue 
  it generate from operation of the service . 

  exhibit b 
  performance standard 
 a. service availability . the service generally shall be publicly available to 
 user a minimum of 95 of the time during any 7 day period and 98 of the time 
 during any 30 day period , exclude " maintenance . " maintenance be define as 
 schedule service outage for service maintenance or upgrade of which theglobe 
 be notify at least 48 hour in advance , so long as such outage be schedule 
 for low - usage time period and do not exceed a total of 20 hour in any 30 day 
 period . 
 b. response time . the mean response time for server response to access the 
 service shall not exceed more than 6 second during any 1 hour period . 
 c. bandwidth . throughout the term , boxlot shall have an agreement in place 
 with its internet connectivity provider which require such provider to 
 automatically increase bandwidth capacity if such capacity exceed 25 
 utilization . 
 d. security . boxlot shall prevent unauthorized access to restricted area of 
 its server and any database or other sensitive material generate from or use 
 in conjunction with the service . in addition , boxlot shall immediately notify 
 theglobe of any know security breach or hole in the service or co - branded 
 page . 
 e. error correction . boxlot shall resolve any error with the service 
 ( include without limitation any javascript or activex control use in 
 connection with such page ) that cause such service not to be able to perform 
 one or more major function within 24 hour of the early of its discovery of 
 the error or theglobe 's notice of the error . boxlot shall resolve all other 
 error with such service within 7 day of the early of its discovery of the 
 error or theglobe 's notice of the error . 
 f. browser compatibility . the service shall initially be compatible with 
 netscape navigator 3.x and 4.x and microsoft internet explorer 3.x and 4.x . 
 theglobe may unilaterally add additional browser or version that the service 
 must be compatible with , effective after 30 day advance write notice , if 
 theglobe certifie that such additional browser or version be use by more 
 than 5 of its user . user shall not require any plug - in in order to access 
 any service functionality . 
 g. data authentication . boxlot shall use commercially reasonable effort , no 
 less than industry - standard , to authenticate the origin of all information 
 provide by theglobe as having come from theglobe . 
 h. customer support . boxlot shall auto - respond to all customer and technical 
 support inquiry within 10 minute of the receipt of inquiry . boxlot shall 
 manually respond to all such inquiry within 24 hour . boxlot shall resolve 
 all such inquiry within 72 hour or shall notify theglobe that it can not do 
 so , in which case theglobe at its sole discretion may intervene to assist in 
 resolve the inquiry . 
 i. remedy . in addition to other applicable remedy , theglobe may 
 immediately terminate this agreement without a further cure period if : ( a ) any 
 breach of this exhibit last 2 consecutive specify time period , or if no time 
 period for measurement be specify , 10 day , or ( b ) the same provision be 
 breach on two separate occasion ( even if the first be cure ) . 

  exhibit c 
  boxlot competitive set 
 aciauction 
 auction 123 
 auction net online 
 auction network 
 auction online 
 auction sale online 
 auction universe 
 auction usa 
 auction warehouse 
 auction world 
 auctionaddict 
 auctionfloor 
 auctiongate 
 auctioninc . 
 auctionline 
 auctionpc 
 auctionport - interactive online auction 
 auctionsamerica 
 auctionware technology 
 auctionwork 
 auctionx 
 autograph ... and more ! 
 b2bauction 
 bargainsusa 
 bid on collectible 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
 bid online 
 bid4it 
 bidaway web auction 
 biddernet 
 bidder paradise 
 biddersuite 
 bidnask.com 
 bidnow 
 boekhout 's collectible mall 
 buck auction 
 butterfield & butterfield 
 central missouri internet auction 
 christie 's 
 cityauction 
 classified live 
 cointrade online 
 commpublic online 
 consultant research institute 
 csl associates online auction for pearl 
 dan 's online auction 
 dealdeal 
 deep discount network 
 digitalauction 
 ebay 

 electronic auction 
 encore e - z auction 
 fairauction 
 finalbid internet auction service 
 first auction 
 focalpoint online photo auction 
 foryourneed 
 fun time auction 
 g.b . tate & son online auction 
 gem auction 
 gift and more online auction 
 glenn johnson coin 
 going going sell 
 go once 
 go , go ... sell ! 
 golden age antique and collectible 
 golf auction 
 golfclubexchange 
 golfweb golfauction 
 haggle online 
 hobby market online 
 human digital auction 
 infinite auction 
 insight corp auction 
 interactive auction online 
 interauction service 
 intermodal equipment exchange 
 international electronic auction 
 internet auction house 
 internet liquidator int 
 iwa auction house 
 john morelli auctioneer 
 keybuy auction house 
 klik - klok dutch auction 
 labx 
 lightningauction 
 magnolia auction 
 metric equipment sale 
 ml coin 
 motherlode gold auction 
 nab - it 
 national auction property , inc . 
 nationwide dealer exchange 
 netauction 
 netauction 
 netmarket 
 nettworth 
 nonprofitauction 
 northerbys online auction 
 numisma online coin auction 
 numismatist online coin auction 
 old auction barn 
 onewebplace 
 online auction service 

 online exchange 
 onsale interactive marketplace 
 paulus swaen internet auction 
 pc buyer 
 philatelist online 
 prizefight 
 proauction 
 racerx 
 remington york online auction 
 rotman collectible 
 sandafayre 
 sandy 's super auction 
 save the earth foundation artrock auction 
 scala - mathis auction , inc . 
 scc exchange 
 southeast auction company 
 sotheby 's 
 sportsauctionsusa 
 steal - a - record auction 
 super auction 
 superior coin & stamp auction gallery 
 surplusauction 
 teletrade 
 the auction block 
 the auction store 
 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999 
 the sell and trade internet marketplace 
 time machine .... silent watch auction 
 u - auction - it 
 ubid 
 universe auction 
 university of michigan auctionbot 
 up4sale 
 usauction 
 uscent 
 vintageusa direct auction 
 webauction 
 wild auction 
 world wide auction 
 yahoo auction 
 zauction 
 1st sporting equipment auction 
 3wauction 

  exhibit d 
  automatic partner registration 

 to maintain a consistent user experience , any theglobe member should not need to 
 separately log in to the service or the co - brand page . the only login or 
 registration that should be require to access the service or the co - branded 
 page be theglobe site 's login or registration . because boxlot host the 
 service and the co - brand page , theglobe will pass to boxlot information about 
 each user access the service or the co - brand page as describe below : 
  . account will be create for each user via a one - time " welcome " page 
  ( host by theglobe ) when the user try to access the portion of the 
  service require such registration for the first time . 
  . the " welcome " page will include registration field for any information 
  about the user need to use the service but not currently in theglobe 's 
  database . 
  . the " welcome " page will include a " privacy policy " inform the user that 
  their datum be be pass to a third party ( boxlot ) in order to use the 
  service . 
  . any additional require user information be collect and enter into 
  theglobe 's database . then , the require user information be send to boxlot 
  all at once to create the new account . theglobe will include the user 's 
  " username " and " userid " in the datum pass to boxlot . 
 additional note on account creation : 
  . the user will only see the " welcome " page until they consent to the privacy 
  policy and enter any require information . this page will not appear after 
  the user complete the initial account creation process . 
  . account information store on boxlot 's server in connection to the service 
  will need to be keep in parity with theglobe . to do so , the party shall 
  work together to implement a mechanism for update information on boxlot 's 
  server when user information change on theglobe site . 
  . the technology use to pass the datum to boxlot for account creation and 
  ongoing account update will be determine jointly by boxlot and theglobe . 
  . the userid theglobe pass to boxlot during account creation will be 
  store by boxlot in association with each user . this userid be necessary 
  to link individual user reporting and individual account update between 
  boxlot and theglobe on an ongoing basis . 

 source : theglobe com inc , s-1 / a , 5/3/1999