exhibit 10.27 
  medialinx file no . 952 
  co - branding content agreement 
  ----------------------------- 
 this agreement make as of the 30th day of june 1999 
 between : 
  medialinx interactive , l.p . , 
  represent herein by its general partner 
  medialinx interactive inc . 
  a corporation incorporate under the law 
  of the province of ontario 
  20 richmond street east 
  suite 600 
  toronto , ontario 
  m5c 3b5 
  ( hereinafter call " mlx " , or " party " ) 
  - and - 
  healthcentral.com inc . 
  a corporation incorporate under the 
  law of the state of california 
  marketplace tower 
  6001 shellmound street , suite 800 
  emeryville , ca . 94608 
  ( hereinafter call " hci " or " party " ) 
  ( both mlx and hci to be collectively refer to as the " party " ) 
 whereas mlx own , host , license , publishe and maintain an internet service 
 in canada that include , but be not limit to the " sympatico " web site which 
 include inter alia , the healthyway web site on the world wide web ( the " mlx 
 internet services"); 
 and whereas hci own , host , license , publishe and maintain a health service 
 web site know as healthcentral.com on the world wide web ( the " hci site); 
 now therefore in consideration of the mutual covenant herein contain and 
 other good and valuable consideration , the receipt and sufficiency of which be 
 hereby acknowledge , the party agree as follow : 
 certain information on this exhibit have be omit and file separately 
 with the commission . confidential treatment have be request with respect to 
 the omit portion . 
 1 . service & development 
 a ) mlx and hci have agree to provide certain service and content to each 
  other in order to mutually develop and integrate content from the hci site 
  into the sympatico health section , currently know as " healthyway " , of the 
  sympatico web site ( the " co - brand site " ) . 
 b ) the party have agree that they will mutually approve the design of the 
  co - branded site and that the launch date of the co - branded site shall be 
  september 1st , 1999 unless mutually extend by the party as agree to in 
  writing . 
 2 . mlx 's obligation and responsibility 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
 during the term of this agreement mlx shall : 
 a ) continue to technically host and moderate all of the healthyway discussion 
  forum currently reside on the forum section of the sympatico web site . 
  medialinx shall retain all right , title to and interest in the discussion 
  forums; 
 b ) promote the co - branded site as set out in schedule " 1 " attach hereto; 
 c ) grant to hci , a non - exclusive and non - transferable right to use medialinx 
  image and certain content contain in the healthyway web site ( the 
  " sympatico content " ) for the sole purpose of satisfy the requirement of 
  this agreement . medialinx shall retain all right , title to and interest in 
  the sympatico content; 
 d ) grant to hci , to the extent that hci require access to mlx logo and 
  trademark ( collectively " mlx mark " ) the use of certain mlx mark as 
  necessary for the purpose of fulfil its obligation under this 
  agreement . hci assure that the mlx mark be use in accordance with mlx 's 
  logo usage guideline as provide by mlx from time to time . without 
  limit the generality of the foregoing , hci agree : 
  ( i ) that mlx be the owner of the mlx mark and the goodwill and 
  reputation associate therewith; 
  ( ii ) not to contest the validity of the mlx mark or mlx 's title 
  thereto; 
  ( iii ) that hci acquire no right , title or interest in the mlx mark , and 
  any and all goodwill associate with the mlx mark enure 
  exclusively to the benefit of mlx; 
  ( iv ) to notify mlx promptly of any attempt by any third party to use mlx 
  mark , or any variation or imitation thereof of which hci become 
  aware; 
  ( v ) at mlx 's expense , to fully co - operate with mlx and execute such 
  document and at the request of mlx to do such act and thing as 
  may be reasonably necessary or desirable to restrain such use; 
 e ) ensure that in the event that it enter into an electronic commerce 
  agreement with a third party for the sale of good on the co - brand site 
  that all agreement with the third party shall ensure that such third 
  party shall be wholly responsible for all product and transaction that 
  may occur on the co - brand site , that all such transaction shall comply 
  with all applicable canadian and us law and regulation , include privacy 
  law and include compliance with medialinx 's standard and guideline , 
  and ensure that such third party 

  provide a full indemnity to medialinx and hci in respect of any and all 
  transaction and product that may be host on the co - brand site; 
 f ) ensure that in the event that user traffic to the co - branded site fall 
  below the level outline in schedule 2 , that medialinx will use all 
  commercially reasonable effort to increase promotion to the co - brand 
  site until usage to the site increase to level above the level outline 
  in schedule 2; and 
 g ) make a reasonable effort to explore the technical possibility of share 
  with hci the traffic on the home page of the sympatico health section of 
  the sympatico web site , subject to any legal and regulatory constraint . 
 3 . hci 's obligation and responsibility 
 during the term of this agreement hci shall : 
 a ) use reasonable commercial effort to provide industry accept standard of 
  reliability of service and to make available the appropriate production 
  resource to build and maintain the co - branded site; 
 b ) integrate content contain in the hci site into the co - branded site of the 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
  sympatico web site subject to the prior approval of medialinx; 
 c ) update the " look and feel " of the co - branded site upon launch , subject to 
  the prior approval and consent of medialinx; 
 d ) ensure that general term and condition on the co - branded site be subject 
  to the prior approval of medialinx; 
 e ) host , manage , update and maintain all aspect of the mutually approve co- 
  brand site include technology , content , production , design , operation , 
  and customer relation save and except forum . without limit the 
  generality of the forego , hci shall use all reasonable commercial 
  effort to : 1 ) ensure that the host service provide in connection with 
  the co - branded site be provide at the same standard as the hosting of the 
  sympatico web site , and 2 ) ensure that the co - branded site be available 7 
  day per week and 24 hour per day; 
 f ) ensure that the level of canadian content contain on the co - brand site 
  be maintain at such level as be find on the healthyway section of the 
  sympatico web site on the launch date , and ensure that the level of 
  canadian content be maintain in accordance with the attach schedule 
  " 3"; 
 g ) design the co - branded site in such a manner so as to make prominent 
  canadian content , canadian context and canadian activity , such as describe 
  in schedule " 3"; 
 h ) make all reasonable effort to suppress or remove all content from the hci 
  site which be to be integrate into the co - branded site that be irrelevant 
  and inappropriate for the canadian market and ensure that all content 
  contain in the co - branded site continue to be relevant for the canadian 
  market in accordance with schedule " 3"; 
 i ) provide medialinx with daily usage statistic for the co - brand site in 
  accordance with the following format attach hereto as schedule " 4"; 

 j ) have the option to provide and manage some discussion forum host refer 
  to in paragraph 2(a ) of this agreement; 
 k ) ensure that it only utilize communication relate service and tool on 
  the co - brand site which have be provide by medialinx 's canadian 
  telecommunication partner , include but not limit to webmail , 
  directory , address book , and ip telephony; 
 l ) grant to mlx , to the extent that mlx require access to hci logo and 
  trademark ( collectively " hci mark " ) the use of certain hci mark as 
  necessary for the purpose of fulfil its obligation under this 
  agreement . mlx assure that the hci mark be use in accordance with hci 's 
  logo usage guideline as provide by hci from time to time . without 
  limit the generality of the foregoing , mlx agree : 
  ( i ) that hci be the owner of the hci mark and the goodwill and 
  reputation associate therewith; 
  ( ii ) not to contest the validity of the hci mark or hci 's title 
  thereto; 
  ( iii ) that mlx acquire no right , title or interest in the hci mark , and 
  any and all goodwill associate with the hci mark enure 
  exclusively to the benefit of hci; 
  ( iv ) to notify hci promptly of any attempt by any third party to use the 
  hci mark , or any variation or imitation thereof of which mlx 
  become aware; 
  ( v ) at hci 's expense , to fully co - operate with hci and execute such 
  document and at the request of hci to do such act and thing as 
  may be reasonably necessary or desirable to restrain such use; and 
 m ) ensure that in the event that it enter into an electronic commerce 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
  agreement with a third party for the sale of good on the co - brand site 
  that all agreement with the third party shall ensure that such third 
  party shall be wholly responsible for all product and transaction that 
  may occur on the co - brand site , that all such transaction shall comply 
  with all applicable canadian and us law and regulation , include privacy 
  law and include compliance with medialinx 's standard and guideline , 
  and ensure that such third party provide a full indemnity to medialinx and 
  hci in respect of any and all transaction and product that may be host 
  on the co - brand site . 
 4 . advertising 
 subject to paragraph 6 , medialinx shall be entitle to sell advertising and 
 sponsorship on all page of the co - branded site to canadian advertiser ( for 
 the purpose of this agreement " canadian advertiser " shall be advertiser with 
 substantial place of business in canada ) and hci shall be entitle to sell 
 advertising and sponsorship on all page of the co - branded site to we 
 advertiser ( for the purpose of this agreement , us advertiser shall be 
 advertiser with substantial place of business in the united states ) . all 
 sponsorship and advertising package deal for the co - branded site will be 
 mutually agree upon by the party and shall abide by medialinx 's and hci 's 
 standard advertising agreement and canadian and u.s . advertising regulation and 
 standard . any excess inventory that have not be sell be available to be sell 
 by either party . neither party shall permit advertising on the co - brand site 
 from an entity which be a competitor to the other party . for the purpose of 
 this agreement , a " competitor " to medialinx shall be an internet portal web site 
 and/or an internet service provider . for the purpose of this agreement , a 
 " competitor " to hci shall be a consumer health base web site . the party shall 
 define a plan in write prior to the launch set out how the party shall 
 work together to jointly sell advertising , serve the advertising and track the 
 advertising inventory on the co - brand site . 

 5 . e - commerce 
 subject to paragraph 6 , medialinx and hci shall be entitle to negotiate e- 
 commerce relationship which shall reside on the co - brand site . in addition to 
 the term and condition detail in paragraph 2(e ) and 3(m ) , both party 
 acknowledge and agree that any e - commerce offering must be able to offer pricing 
 in canadian dollar and provide shipping across canada , unless otherwise 
 mutually agree to in writing . in addition , all product offer through the co- 
 brand site must abide by all canadian law and regulation . the cost of 
 integrate any e - commerce relationship will be bear by the entity that bring 
 the relationship . any and all marketing activity and design of an e - commerce 
 system shall be approve by both party . 
 6 . financial 
 ( a ) hci shall pay mlx a guarantee fix sum of [ ] we per annum during the 
  initial term of this agreement to be pay out as a monthly payment of [ ] 
  we ( the " monthly payment " ) . this monthly payment shall be due by the 10th 
  day of each month; 
 ( b ) hci shall be entitle to all net revenue generate from advertising and e- 
  commerce transaction generate by canadian company that may take place 
  on the co - branded site up to and include [ ] we in any give year . 
  thereafter , any net revenue exceed [ ] we shall be share fifty - fifty 
  between the party ( 50 medialinx--50 hci ) . hci shall be entitle to all 
  proceed generate from us company on the co - brand site . " net revenue " 
  be define as revenue less : 1 ) third party expense directly relate to the 
  acquisition of the revenue; for example , advertising broker commission and 
  advertising management service , and 2 ) internally pay commission for 
  sell the advertisement and/or sponsorship; 
 ( c ) both party shall keep true and accurate book and record of all revenue 
  generate as a result of the co - brand site . either party shall have the 
  right from time to time to audit and make extract of the book and record 
  of the other , insofar as say book or record pertain to the term of this 
  agreement . any such audit shall take place upon not less than seven ( 7 ) 
  day advance write notice , during normal business hour of normal 
  business day and at reasonable interval . any such audit shall be at the 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
  request party 's expense , unless the audit determine that the other 
  party have underpay by 10 or more . in the event that the calculation of 
  payment herein be determine by a computer - base system , then the " book 
  and record " shall include , without limitation , the machine - sensible datum 
  ( e.g. punch card , magnetic tape , discs; and 
 ( d ) both party shall provide the other with quarterly accounting report as 
  necessary . the quarterly reporting period end september 30th and 
  december 31st , 1999 , march 31st , 2000 , and june 30th , 2000 . 
  applicable remittance and accounting report will follow under separate 
  cover within sixty ( 60 ) day of the end of each quarter . 
 [ ] = certain information on this page have be omit and file separately 
 with the commission . confidential treatment have be request with respect to 
 the omit portion . 

 7 . customer information 
 any and all customer datum that be collect from the co - branded site shall be 
 collect and use in accordance with canadian federal and provincial law and 
 u.s . federal and state law and both medialinx and hci privacy guideline and 
 medialinx and hci shall each own an undivided interest in such datum . medialinx 
 will not have access to the hci personal health record ( be the longitudinal 
 repository of personal health information about user of the co - brand site ) 
 during or after the term of this agreement . during the term of this agreement 
 and for a period of six ( 6 ) month thereafter , medialinx shall not use or 
 publicly disclose the datum collect from user of the co - branded site if such 
 use be for the purpose of provide health information , advertisement , or 
 product that compete with those that reside on the co - brand site . in other 
 instance , medialinx shall be entitle to use or publicly disclose the datum 
 collect subject to privacy guideline note above . 
 in addition to the forego , hci shall ensure that the co - branded site be 
 integrate into the sympatico site - wide registry in order for user to have a 
 single login access for all sympatico.ca and sympatico co - branded web site . 
 8 . page view 
 both medialinx and hci shall be entitle to count the page view on the co- 
 brand site . in the event that it become necessary to have only one party 
 count the number of page view on the co - brand site , due to third party 
 reporting , regulatory and/or legal requirement , hci shall be entitle to count 
 one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the content page view of the co - brand site and 
 mlx shall be entitle to count one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the healthyway 
 discussion forum page view and one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the page view on 
 the sympatico health home page . 
 9 . exclusivity 
 during the term of the agreement , and subject to the following requirement 
 respect canadian content level as set out in paragraph 3(f ) , ( g ) and ( h ) , 
 hci shall be the exclusive health content partner in the health section of the 
 sympatico web site , provide however , that nothing contain herein shall 
 prevent medialinx from enter into an agreement with other party for : i ) a 
 health base web directory; or ii ) other health relate content whose content 
 do not compete with the content contain on the co - brand site; which in no 
 event shall receive no more than one fifth ( 1/5th ) of the promotion and which 
 shall constitute no more than one fifth ( 1/5th ) of the total health relate 
 content which reside on the home page of the sympatico health section . in the 
 event that medialinx obtain a web guide from a third party , medialinx and hci 
 shall discuss how to present both web guide to the user , and make good effort 
 to agree to the kind of experience that the user shall have when utilize the 
 new web guide . if , at any time during the term of this agreement , hci fail to 
 meet the content requirement set out in paragraph 3(f ) , ( g ) and ( h ) , hci shall 
 no long be entitle to be the exclusive health content partner in the health 
 section of the sympatico web site . hci shall not either directly or indirectly 
 license or deliver content to or carry on or be engage with any other canadian 
 portal web site , be a web site which aggregate and market a variety of 
 content direct to multiple community of interest and which offer product , 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
 tool and service to a broad base of canadian end user . 

 10 . branding & communication 
 during the first six ( 6 ) month from the launch date , the primary branding for 
 the co - branded site shall remain healthyway . in addition to the foregoing and 
 subject to mutual design approval , a " power by healthcentral " or such other 
 appropriate tag line shall appear on the co - brand site and shall be 
 approximately 80 of the font size of the healthyway title and will be close to 
 the healthyway brand . thereafter , the healthyway and health central trademark 
 shall be co - brand in a mutually agree upon method . the url for the co - branded 
 site shall remain healthyway.sympatico.ca . a separate redirect url may be set up 
 for the co - brand site , e.g. healthcentral.sympatico.ca . 
 all electronic communication to the user of the co - branded site shall be 
 jointly develop , co - brand with each party 's respective mark and shall be 
 mutually agree upon . 
 11 . term & termination 
 11.1 term 
 the term of this agreement shall be for a period of two ( 2 ) year ( the " term " ) . 
 the effective date of the start of the term will be from the launch date . 
 11.2 termination 
 ( a ) either party may terminate this agreement upon 30 day prior write notice 
  to the other party if 1 ) such other party breach any material term of 
  this agreement , unless such breach be cure within 30 days; or 2 ) if any of 
  the term of this agreement that require mutual approval be not mutually 
  agree to; 
 ( b ) this agreement may be terminate by a party immediately , without notice : 
  ( i ) upon the institution by or against the other party of insolvency , 
  receivership , or bankruptcy proceeding or any other proceeding 
  for the settlement of the other party 's debt , if such proceeding 
  be not dismiss within sixty ( 60 ) days; 
  ( ii ) upon the other party make an assignment for the benefit of 
  creditors; or 
  ( iii ) upon the other party 's dissolution; 
 ( c ) either party may terminate this agreement upon 30 day write notice if 
  either party 's corporate structure have undergo a material ownership 
  change such that its corporate interest be then in conflict with the 
  corporate interest of the other party; and 
 ( d ) upon termination or expiration of this agreement for any reason : 
  ( i ) the party shall immediately cease use the mark of the other 
  party; 
  ( ii ) the party shall immediately return to each other all property of 
  the other and cease use or distribute all advertising or 
  promotional material , if any , contain reference to the other 
  party or the other party 's product; 
  ( iii ) the party shall remove all special link make pursuant to this 
  agreement from their respective product of the other party; and 
  ( iv ) each party shall pay to the other party all outstanding amount 
  which have accrue and be properly owe , include without 
  limitation , any new account customer commission payment or net 
  advertising revenue owe outstanding together with any appropriate 
  final report . 

 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
 11.3 the exercise of a right of termination or other right or remedy in 
  connection with this agreement shall be without prejudice to any other 
  right or remedy to which the terminate party may be entitle under this 
  agreement or applicable law . 
 12 . representation & warranty 
 ( a ) mlx 's representation and warranty . 
 mlx represent and warrant that : 
 ( i ) it have full right , power and authority to enter into and be bind by the 
  term and condition of this agreement and to perform its obligation 
  under this agreement , without the approval or consent of any other 
  party; 
 ( ii ) it have sufficient right , title and interest in and to the right grant 
  to hci pursuant to this agreement to enter and perform this agreement 
  and to enable hci to perform under this agreement; 
 ( iii ) it own all intellectual property in and to the mlx mark and the 
  sympatico content , include but not limit to any and all creative 
  advertisement content , or have obtain all necessary license , 
  clearance , assignment and waiver in respect of any and all 
  intellectual property use in the sympatico content , include without 
  limitation waiver of moral right necessary to publish , license and 
  distribute world - wide; 
 ( iv ) the use , reproduction , distribution or transmission of the sympatico 
  content will not violate any law include criminal law , commercial 
  law , or any right of any third party include , but not limit to 
  such violation as infringement or misappropriation of copyright , 
  patent , trademark , trade defamation , invasion of privacy or right of 
  celebrity , violation of any anti - discrimination law or regulation , or 
  any other right of any person or entity; 
 ( v ) it have all necessary skill and material necessary to provide its 
  contribution to the co - branded site as contemplate by this agreement . 
  mlx shall perform the service describe herein in a timely fashion with 
  all due skill , competence and diligence and the quality of the co- 
  brand site shall meet both hci 's and mlx 's standard of high quality 
  and excellence; 
 ( vi ) that the information contain in the mlx mark and the mlx content be 
  accurate , do not contain any material that be libelous , obscene , 
  misleading or otherwise harmful . 
 ( b ) hci 's representation and warranty . 
 hci represent and warrant that : 
 ( i ) it have full right , power and authority to enter into and be bind by the 
  term and condition of this agreement and to perform its obligation 
  under this agreement , without the approval or consent of any other 
  party; 
 ( ii ) it have sufficient right , title and interest in and to the right grant 
  to mlx pursuant to this agreement to enter and perform this agreement 
  and to enable mlx to perform under this agreement; 
 ( iii ) it own all intellectual property in and to the hci mark and all 
  content hci contribute to the co - branded site ( the " hci content " ) 
  include but not limit to any and all creative 

  advertisement content , or have obtain all necessary license , 
  clearance , assignment and waiver in respect of any and all 
  intellectual property use in the hci mark and the hci content , 
  include without limitation waiver of moral right necessary to 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
  publish , license and distribute world - wide; 
 ( iv ) the use , reproduction , distribution or transmission of the hci mark and 
  hci content will not violate any law include criminal law , 
  commercial law , or any right of any third party include , but not 
  limit to such violation as infringement or misappropriation of 
  copyright , patent , trademark , trade defamation , invasion of privacy or 
  right of celebrity , violation of any anti - discrimination law or 
  regulation , or any other right of any person or entity; 
 ( v ) the co - branded site will function , operate and perform in all material 
  respect in accordance with the requirement describe or incorporate 
  in the agreement; 
 ( vi ) it have all necessary skill and material necessary to provide its 
  contribution to the co - branded site as contemplate by this agreement . 
  hci shall perform the service describe herein in a timely fashion with 
  all due skill , competence and diligence and the quality of the co- 
  brand site shall meet both hci 's and mlx 's standard of high quality 
  and excellence; 
 ( vii ) that no advertisement submit to mlx hereunder shall make use of any 
  subliminal technique and hold mlx and its affiliated and related 
  company harmless against any loss or damage arise from the storage 
  and/or use of any and all advertising . hci warrant that any and all 
  advertising that it submit complie with advertising standard in 
  canada , include those of mlx and that the use , reproduction , 
  distribution , or transmission of such advertising will not violate any 
  criminal law , commercial law or any right of any third party , 
  include , but not limit to , such violation as infringement or 
  misappropriation of copyright , patent , trademark , trade secret , music , 
  image , video / full motion video or other proprietary or property right , 
  false advertising , unfair competition , defamation , invasion of privacy 
  or right of celebrity , property right , false advertising , unfair 
  competition , defamation , invasion of privacy or right of celebrity , 
  violation of any anti - discrimination law or regulation , or any other 
  right of any person or entity; 
 ( viii ) that the co - branded site will function , operate and perform in all 
  material respect in accordance with the requirement describe in the 
  agreement; and 
 ( vix ) that the information contain in the hci mark and the hci content be 
  accurate , do not contain any material that be libelous , obscene , 
  misleading or otherwise harmful . 
 13 . no additional warranty 
 a ) except as specifically provide herein or as agree to in writing by the 
  party , the service provide under this agreement be not guarantee and 
  be provide " as be " and mlx give no representation , warranty or 
  condition of any kind , express or imply , include without limitation 
  warranty as to insertion , display or loading of any advertisement , 
  sponsorship or integrate brand search engine uninterrupted or error free 
  operation of the sympatico web site , any advertisement , sponsorship , 
  integrate brand search engine or link , merchantability , quality or 
  fitness for a particular purpose and those arise by statute or otherwise , 
  or from a course of dealing or usage of trade; and 

 b ) except as specifically provide herein or as agree to in writing by the 
  party : 1 ) the service provide under this agreement be not guarantee 
  and be provide " as is"; and 2 ) hci give no representation , warranty 
  or condition of any kind , express or imply , include without limitation 
  warranty as to : insertion , display or loading of any advertisement , 
  sponsorship or integrate brand search engine uninterrupted or error free 
  operation of the co - brand web site , any advertisement , sponsorship , 
  integrate brand search engine or link , merchantability , quality or 
  fitness for a particular purpose and those arise by statute or otherwise , 
  or from a course of dealing or usage of trade . 
 14 . indemnification 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
 ( a ) by mlx : mlx agree to indemnify and hold harmless hci and its employee , 
  representative , agent and affiliate from any and all liability , loss , 
  claim , damage or cause of action ( each a " claim " ) , include reasonable 
  legal fee and expense that may be incur by , arise out of or relate 
  to any claim that the mlx mark or sympatico content or any mlx develop 
  advertising infringe in any manner any copyright , patent , trademark , trade 
  secret or any other intellectual property right of any third party; 
 ( b ) by hci : hci agree to indemnify and hold harmless mlx and its employee , 
  representative , agent and affiliate from any claim include reasonable 
  legal fee and expense that may be incur by , arise out of or relate 
  to any third party claim that the hci mark or hci content or any hci 
  develop advertising infringe in any manner any copyright , patent , 
  trademark , trade secret or any other intellectual property right of any 
  third party; and 
 ( c ) procedure : all indemnification obligation under section 14 , shall be 
  subject to the follow requirement : 
  ( i ) the indemnified party shall provide the indemnify party with 
  prompt write notice of any claim; 
  ( ii ) the indemnified party shall permit the indemnify party to assume 
  and control the defense of any action upon the indemnify party 's 
  write acknowledgment of the obligation to indemnify; and 
  ( iii ) the indemnified party shall not enter into any settlement or 
  compromise of any claim without the indemnify party 's prior 
  write consent , which shall not be unreasonably withhold . 
  in addition , the indemnified party may , at its own expense , participate in 
  its defense of any claim . in the event that the indemnify party assume 
  the defense of any such claim , the indemnify party shall have no 
  liability for legal fee and cost incur by the indemnified party . 
 15 . limitation of liability 
 except with respect to the indemnity obligation in section 14 , the 
 confidentiality obligation under section 16 , and the year 2000 compliance 
 obligation under section 20 , notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain 
 in this agreement , under no circumstance shall either party be liable to the 
 other party with respect to the subject matter of this agreement under any 
 contract , negligence , 

 strict liability , tort or other legal or equitable theory for any indirect , 
 incidental , consequential , special or exemplary damage ( include , without 
 limitation , loss of revenue or goodwill or anticipated profit or lose 
 business ) , even if such party have be advise of the possibility of such 
 damage . 
 16 . confidentiality 
 each party shall keep confidential any information , datum and report obtain in 
 connection with this agreement , unless such information have be rightfully 
 obtain from a third party or be generally available to the public , or as must 
 be disclose by law . upon termination of this agreement , each of the party 
 ( the " receive party " ) shall return to the other party ( the " disclose party " ) 
 any record or copy thereof which it may have obtain from the disclosing 
 party in connection with its review of the disclosing party 's business , other 
 than information otherwise rightfully obtain by receive party , act in 
 good faith , from someone other than the disclosing party or generally available 
 to the public . each party shall hold the term and provision of this agreement 
 confidential and shall not disclose its term to any person except to its 
 management . notwithstanding the foregoing , this agreement and the loi be subject 
 to the term and condition of the confidentiality and non - disclosure agreement 
 sign between the party date may 3rd , 1999 . 
 17 . no public notice 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
 no public announcement of the propose transaction will be make by either party 
 unless the timing and content have be agree upon in advance by both party , 
 except as may otherwise be require by law . it be understand though that 
 medialinx may discuss this arrangement with its sympatico internet service 
 provider and affiliate to the extent necessary to meet the propose time 
 line . 
 18 . cost 
 unless agree to otherwise , each party will pay for its own cost and expense 
 in connection with this agreement and the propose activity contemplate 
 herein , without limitation , legal fee , broker , accountant and other 
 professional advisor . 
 19 . independent contractor 
 it be the intention of mlx and hci that mlx and hci be , and shall be deem to 
 be , independent contractor with respect to the subject matter of this 
 agreement , and nothing contain in this agreement shall be deem or construe 
 in any manner whatsoever as create any partnership , joint venture , employment , 
 agency , fiduciary or other similar relationship between mlx and hci . 

 20 . year 2000 compliance 
 both mlx and hci represent and warrant that their contribution to the co- 
 brand site be design to be use prior to , during , and after the calendar 
 year 2000 ad and will operate during each such time period without error 
 relate to date datum , specifically include any error relate to , or the 
 product of , date datum which represent or reference different century or more 
 than a century . without limit the generality of the foregoing , the co - brand 
 site : ( i ) will not abnormally end or provide invalid or incorrect result as a 
 result of date datum , specifically include date datum which represent or 
 reference different century or more than one century; ( ii ) have be design 
 to ensure year 2000 compatibility , include , but not limit to , date datum 
 century recognition , calculation which accommodate same century and multi- 
 century formula and date value , and date datum interface value that reflect 
 the century; and ( iii ) include " year 2000 capability " . for the purpose of 
 this agreement , " year 2000 capability " mean the co - branded site ( i ) will 
 manage , calculate , sequence , compare and manipulate datum involve date , 
 include single century formula and multi - century formula , include leap 
 year and will not cause an abnormally end scenario within the application or 
 generate incorrect value or invalid result involve such dates; ( ii ) provide 
 that all date - relate user interface functionality and datum field include the 
 indication of century; and ( iii ) provide that all date - relate data interface 
 functionality include the indication of century . 
 while hci assert that its code and script will execute properly , as describe 
 above , and that hci use third party software that specify y2k compliance , we 
 can not guarantee that all third party software will perform as specify by the 
 manufacturer . should a third party product fail to meet its y2k compliance 
 policy , we will work with the vendor to remedy the problem in a timely fashion . 
 hci will ensure that it comply with any third party recommendation that be 
 necessary for y2k compliance . 
 21 . govern law 
 this agreement shall be govern by and interpret and enforce in accordance 
 with the law of the province of ontario and the party agree to abide by the 
 jurisdiction of the court of ontario . 
 22 . entire agreement 
 this agreement , together with any and all attach exhibit and/or schedule , 
 represent the entire agreement between mlx and hci with respect to the subject 
 matter herein and shall supercede all prior agreement , communication and 
 understanding of the party , oral and/or write . 
 23 . legal fee 
 the prevail party in any legal action bring by one party against the other 
 and arise out of this agreement shall be entitle , in addition to any other 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
 right and remedy it may have , to reimbursement for its expense , include 
 court and arbitration cost , as well as reasonable legal fee . 

 24 . successor and assign 
 except as provide in this section , neither party may assign its right or 
 obligation under this agreement without the prior write consent of the other 
 party , which shall not be unreasonably withhold . notwithstanding the foregoing , 
 either party shall be permit to assign this agreement and any of its right 
 and obligation hereunder to an affiliate or related company or to a purchaser 
 of all or substantially all of its internet business , without obtain the 
 prior write consent of the other party . 
 25 . force majeure 
 neither party shall be liable for failure to perform or delay in perform any 
 obligation under this agreement if such failure or delay be due to fire , flood , 
 earthquake , strike , war ( declare or undeclared ) , embargo , blockade , legal 
 prohibition , governmental action , riot , insurrection , damage , destruction or any 
 other similar cause beyond the control of such party . 
 26 . notice 
 all notice , request , consent and other communication which be require or 
 permit hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deem give ( a ) when 
 deliver in person at the time of such delivery or by telecopy with confirm 
 receipt of transmission at the date and time indicate on such receipt or ( b ) 
 when receive if give by an internationally recognize express courier service 
 to the address specify below . notice of change of address shall be give in 
 the same manner as other communication . 
 if to hci : if to medialinx : 
 - ---------- ---------------- 
 healthcentral.com inc . medialinx interactive , l.p . 
 2600 tenth street 20 richmond street east , suite 600 
 berkeley , ca toronto , ontario , m5c 3b5 
 94710 attn : director of content 
  fax : ( 416 ) 350 - 1516 
  with a copy to legal department : 
  fax no . : ( 416 ) 350 - 5212 
 27 . counterpart 
 this agreement may be execute in one or more counterpart , each of which shall 
 be deem an original and all of which , take together , shall constitute one and 
 the same instrument . 
 28 . heading 
 the section and article heading contain in this agreement be include for 
 convenience only , and shall not limit or otherwise affect the term of this 
 agreement . 

  schedule " 1 " 
 mlx will run [ ] advertising banner , promote the co - branded site each 
 month , which shall run throughout the sympatico.ca site . 
 mlx will promote the co - branded site on the sympatico.ca homepage in a frequent 
 and timely fashion . 
 mlx will promote the sympatico health site through sympatico.ca house 
 advertising , from time to time . 
 mlx will provide contextual integration of health content into other area of 
 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
 sympatico.ca , as appropriate . 
 mlx will provide a persistent link , in fold , from the sympatico health site home 
 page to the co - brand site . 
 mlx will provide a link to the sympatico health site home page from the 
 sympatico.ca home page . 
 [ ] = certain information on this page have be omit and file separately 
 with the commission . confidential treatment have be request with respect to 
 the omit portion . 

  schedule " 2 " 
 mlx will use all commercially reasonable effort to maintain the user traffic at 
 a monthly minimum of : 
  . [ ] page view three ( 3 ) month after the launch of the co - brand site; 
  . [ ] page view six ( 6 ) month after the launch of the co - branded site; and 
  . [ ] page view twelve ( 12 ) month after the launch of the co - brand site . 
 [ ] = certain information on this page have be omit and file separately 
 with the commission . confidential treatment have be request with respect to 
 the omit portion . 

  schedule " 3 " 
 hci shall ensure that canadian content and context be promote and maintain 
 within the co - branded site in accordance with the following : 
 ensure that canadian spelling be use throughout the site where possible . 
 ensure that non - relevant or inappropriate information be either removed or put 
 into context for a canadian user . 
 ensure that canadian health information source from canadian content provider 
 be add to the site , where possible . 
 issue relate to access to service : 
 canadian public health care system 
 there be little notion of " manage care " in canada 
 inclusion of canadian " self help " resource 
 health relate law & policy : 
 federal and provincial government funding of healthcare and the existence of a 
 social safety net in canada 
 allow distribution of drug 
 different role relate to pharmaceutical advertising 
 societal context of canada : 
 canada 's multicultural make up ( e.g. less hispanic , more asian ) 
 likelihood of different health risk factor for canadian 
 different behaviour of the canadian population ( e.g. travel south for the 
 winter , " snowbird " ) 
 different health event e.g. " heart month " 
 technicality : 
 difference in drug name 
 canadian currency 
 metric system for measurement 
 the canadian voice : 
 important to highlight canadian health expert e.g. canadian health 
 professional , researcher , company 
 " local " event e.g. hospital closure , labour issue 

 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999 
  schedule " 4 " 
 hci will provide mlx with usage statistic in the follow 2 format : 
 1 ) access to real time online statistic through a web browser include a 
 number of preprogrammed usage report , and 
 2 ) a format mutually agree to by hci and mlx 

 source : healthcentral com , s-1 / a , 11/8/1999