exhibit   b 

 mutual   termination   agreement 

 this   mutual   termination   agreement   ( " termination   agreement " )   be   make   and   enter   into   this   day   of   ,   2009 ,   by   and   between 
 beijing   sina   internet   information   service   co.   ( " beijing   sina " )   and   shanghai   sina   leju   information   technology   co.   ltd .   ( " sina   leju " ) . 

 witnesseth : 

 whereas ,   beijing   sina   and   sina   leju   enter   into   that   certain   domain   name   license   agreement   date   may   8 ,   2008   ( the   " original 
 agreement”);   and 

 whereas ,   beijing   sina   and   sina   leju   desire   to   mutually   terminate   the   original   agreement   effective   as   of   the   date   of   this   termination 
 agreement . 

 now ,   therefore ,   in   consideration   of   the   mutual   covenant   and   condition   contain   herein ,   and   other   good   and   valuable 
 consideration ,   receipt   of   which   be   hereby   acknowledge   by   each   of   the   party   hereto ,   the   party   agree   as   follow : 

 1 .   beijing   sina   and   sina   leju   agree   that ,   upon   the   date   of   execution   of   this   termination   agreement ,   the   agreement   shall   terminate   and   be 
 of   no   further   force   or   effect ,   and ,   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   no   provision   of   the   original   agreement   survive   such   termination . 

 2 .   this   termination   agreement   represent   the   complete ,   integrate ,   and   entire   agreement   between   the   party ,   and   may   not   be   modify 
 except   in   writing   sign   by   the   party . 

 3 .   this   termination   agreement   shall   be   govern   by   the   law   of   the   prc ,   without   regard   to   conflict   of   law   principle . 

 4 .   this   termination   agreement   may   be   execute   in   one   or   more   counterpart ,   each   of   which   shall   be   deem   an   original   but   all   of   which 
 together   will   constitute   one   and   the   same   instrument . 

 5 .   this   termination   agreement   shall   be   bind   upon   and   inure   to   the   benefit   of   the   party   hereto   and   their   respective   successor   and 
 assign . 

 [ signature   on   next   page ] 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 in   witness   whereof ,   the   undersign   have   execute   this   termination   agreement   as   of   the   date   first   set   forth   above . 

 beijing   sina   internet   information   service   co. ,   ltd . 

 by : 

 name : 

 title : 

 shanghai   sina   leju   information   technology   co.   ltd . 

 by : 

 name : 

 title : 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014