exhibit   10.26 

 execution   version 

 confidential 

 domain   name   and   content   license   agreement 

 this   domain   name   and   content   license   agreement   ( the   " agreement " )   be   make   and   enter   into ,   by   and   between   beijing   sina 
 internet   information   service   co. ,   ltd .   ( 北京新浪互联信息服务有限公司 ) ,   a   limit   liability   company   organize   under   the   law   of   the   people ’s 
 republic   of   china   ( hereinafter   " licensor " )   and   beijing   yisheng   leju   information   service   co. ,   ltd . ,   a   limit   liability   company   organize   under   the 
 law   of   the   people ’s   republic   of   china   ( " licensee "   and   together   with   licensor ,   the   " party "   and   each   a   " party " )   and   be   make   effective   as   of   the 
 effective   date   ( define   below ) . 

 recital 

 whereas ,   sina   corporation ,   a   company   organize   under   the   law   of   the   cayman   island   ( " sina " ) ,   and   cric   holding 
 limit ,   a   company   organize   under   the   law   of   the   cayman   island   ( " cric " ) ,   enter   into   that   certain   share   purchase   agreement   date   july   23 , 
 2009   ( the   " share   purchase   agreement " ) ,   pursuant   to   which   sina   subscribe   from   cric   the   subscription   share   ( as   define   in   the   share   purchase 
 agreement); 

 whereas ,   licensor   be   the   registrant   of   certain   domain   name   as   more   particularly   describe   below   that   be   relate   to   the 
 business   which   it   desire   to   license   to   licensee   and   licensee   desire   to   obtain   a   license   from   licensor   to   such   domain   name   to   use   in   connection 
 with   its   operation   of   the   business   on   the   term   and   condition   set   forth   herein;   and 

 whereas ,   licensor   and   shanghai   sina   leju   information   technology   co.   ltd .   ( " sina   leju " )   enter   into   that   certain   domain 
 name   license   agreement   date   may   8 ,   2008   ( the   " original   agreement " )   and   ( i )   licensor   and   sina   leju   desire   to   terminate   the   original   agreement 
 pursuant   to   the   mutual   termination   agreement   attach   hereto   as   exhibit   b   and   ( ii )   licensee   and   licensor   desire   to   enter   into   this   agreement ,   on 
 or   prior   to   the   consummation   of   the   transaction   contemplate   by   the   share   purchase   agreement . 

 now ,   therefore ,   for   and   in   consideration   of   the   mutual   covenant   and   agreement   of   the   party   and   the   faithful   performance 
 thereof ,   and   other   good   and   valuable   consideration ,   the   receipt   and   sufficiency   of   which   be   hereby   acknowledge ,   the   party   hereto   agree   as 
 follow : 

 article   I 
 definition 

 as   use   herein ,   the   follow   term   shall   have   the   meaning   ascribe   to   they   below . 

 " action "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   8.1 . 

 " affiliate "   mean ,   when   use   with   respect   to   any   specify   person ,   a   person   that   directly   or   indirectly   through   one   or   more 
 intermediary ,   control ,   be   control   by ,   or   be   under   common   control   with ,   such   specify   person .   for   the   purpose   of   this   definition ,   " control " 
 ( include   the   term   " control   by "   and   " under   common   control   with " )   with   respect   to   the 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 relationship   between   or   among   two   or   more   person ,   mean   the   possession ,   directly   or   indirectly   or   as   trustee ,   personal   representative   or   executor , 
 of   the   power   to   direct   or   cause   the   direction   of   the   affair   or   management   of   a   person ,   whether   through   the   ownership   of   vote   security ,   as 
 trustee ,   personal   representative   or   executor ,   by   contract ,   credit   arrangement   or   otherwise . 

 " agency   agreement "   mean   that   certain   advertising   sale   agency   agreement   by   and   between   sina   corporation   and   china 
 online   housing   technology   corporation ,   date   as   of   the   date   hereof . 

 " business "   mean   an   online   real   estate   medium   platform   in   the   prc   that   ( i )   provide   information   and   update   relate   to   real   estate , 
 home   furnish   and   construction   in   the   prc   and   provide   real   estate ,   home   furnish   and   construction   advertising   service ,   and   ( ii )   operate   a 
 business - to - business   and   business - to - consumer   internet   platform   target   participant   in   the   prc   real   estate   industry ,   in   each   case ,   as   currently 
 conduct   or   contemplate   to   be   conduct   on   the   website   own   or   operate   by   licensee   or   any   of   licensee ’s   affiliate   in   the   prc . 

 " business   day "   mean   any   day   that   be   not   a   saturday ,   a   sunday   or   other   day   on   which   bank   be   require   or   authorize   by   law 
 to   be   close   in   beijing . 

 " change   of   control "   mean   ( i )   the   consummation   of   any   acquisition   or   purchase ,   directly   or   indirectly ,   by   any   person   or   related 
 group   of   person ,   that   result   in   a   competitor   own   more   ordinary   share   in   cric   than   e - house   and   sina ,   and   in   each   case ,   their   respective 
 control   affiliate ,   own   in   the   aggregate   or   ( ii )   an   event   pursuant   to   which   a   competitor   acquire   the   right   to   nominate   a   member   to   the   board   of 
 director   of   cric . 

 " claimant "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   10.12 . 

 " commission "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   10.12 . 

 " competitor "   mean   any   person   whose   business   include   an   online   portal . 

 " confidential   information "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   9.1 . 

 " content "   mean   text ,   graphic ,   information   and   datum   and   other   content ,   whether   supply   by   licensee ,   licensor ,   end   user   or 
 third   party   provider . 

 " dispute "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   10.12 . 

 " effective   date "   mean   the   closing   date   as   set   forth   in   the   share   purchase   agreement . 

 " e - house   license   datum   and   information "   mean   the   datum   and   information   license   to   cric   holding   limit   and   its 
 subsidiary ,   for   the   operation   of   the   cric   system   pursuant   to   the   master   transaction   agreement . 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 " governmental   authority "   mean   any   federal ,   national ,   supranational ,   state ,   provincial ,   local   or   other   government ,   governmental , 
 regulatory   or   administrative   authority ,   agency   or   commission   or   any   court ,   tribunal ,   or   judicial   or   arbitral   body . 

 " initial   term "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   6.1 . 

 " law "   mean   any   federal ,   national ,   supranational ,   state ,   provincial ,   local   or   similar   statute ,   law   or   ordinance ,   regulation ,   rule , 
 code ,   order ,   requirement   or   rule   of   law   ( include   common   law ) . 

 " license   content "   shall   mean   all   content   ( i )   whose   copyright   be   own   by   licensor;   or   ( ii )   own   by   a   third   party   provider   but 
 be   sublicensable   by   licensor   to   licensee   without   require   the   payment   of   any   additional   fee   to   any   third   party   and   without   violate   the   term   of 
 any   agreement   with   such   third   party   provider ,   together   with   all   update   to   and   substitution   therefor   as   may   be   implement   by   licensor   or   such 
 third   party   provider . 

 " license   domain   name "   mean   the   domain   name   list   on   exhibit   a   attach   hereto . 

 " licensee   party "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   8.1 . 

 " licensor   party "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   8.2 . 

 " master   transaction   agreement "   mean   the   master   transaction   agreement   enter   into   by   and   between   e - house   ( china ) 
 holding   limit   and   cric   holding   limited ,   date   as   of   july   27 ,   2009 . 

 " operate   content "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   2.2 . 

 " person "   mean   any   individual ,   partnership ,   firm ,   corporation ,   limit   liability   company ,   association ,   trust ,   unincorporated 
 organization   or   other   entity ,   as   well   as   any   syndicate   or   group   that   would   be   deem   to   be   a   person   under   section   13(d)(3 )   of   the   security 
 exchange   act   of   1934 ,   as   amend . 

 " prc "   mean   the   people ’s   republic   of   china ,   exclude   hong   kong ,   macau   and   taiwan . 

 " recipient "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   9.1 . 

 " respondent "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   10.12 . 

 " rule "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   10.12 . 

 " software   license   agreement "   mean   that   certain   software   license   and   support   service   agreement   by   and   between   beijing 
 sina   internet   information   service   co. ,   ltd .   and   sina   leju   date   as   of   [   ] . 

 " term "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   6.1 . 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 " trademark   license   agreement "   mean   that   certain   trademark   license   agreement   by   and   between   beijing   sina   internet 
 information   service   co. ,   ltd .   and   licensee   date   as   of   [   ] . 

 article   ii 
 grant   of   license 

 2.1 .   grant   of   license . 

 ( a )   subject   to   the   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement ,   licensor   hereby   grant   to   licensee ,   and   licensee   hereby   accept   from 
 licensor ,   an   exclusive ,   non - transferable   ( except   as   set   forth   in   section   10.7 )   and   non - sublicensable   ( except   as   provide   in   section   2.1(c ) )   license   to 
 use   the   license   domain   name   in   connection   with   the   business   during   the   term .   except   as   provide   in   section   2.3 ,   licensee ’s   use   of   the 
 license   domain   name   under   the   term   of   this   agreement   shall   be   free   of   any   fee . 

 ( b )   subject   to   the   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement ,   licensor   hereby   grant   to   licensee ,   and   licensee   hereby   accept   from 
 licensor ,   an   exclusive ,   non - transferable   ( except   as   set   forth   in   section   10.7 )   and   non - sublicensable   ( except   as   provide   in   section   2.1(c ) )   license   to 
 use   the   license   content   in   connection   with   website   associate   with   the   license   domain   name   until   the   early   of   ( i )   termination   or   expiration   of 
 this   agreement ,   or   ( ii )   termination   or   expiration   of   the   agency   agreement ,   provide ,   however ,   that   in   the   event   the   agency   agreement   be   amend 
 or   restate ,   such   amendment   or   restatement   shall   not   be   deem   a   termination   or   expiration   of   the   agency   agreement .   except   as   provide   in 
 section   2.3 ,   licensee ’s   use   of   the   license   content   under   the   term   of   this   agreement   shall   be   free   of   any   fee . 

 ( c )   notwithstanding   anything   in   this   agreement   to   the   contrary ,   licensee   have   no   right   to   sublicense   any   right   grant   hereunder 
 to   any   third   party ,   or   otherwise   permit   any   third   party   to   use   any   license   domain   name   or   license   content;   provide ,   however ,   that   any   right 
 grant   to   licensee   hereunder   shall   be   sublicensable ,   without   the   prior   write   consent   of   licensor ,   to   sina   leju   and   licensee ’s   affiliate   that   be 
 control   by   sina   leju   solely   for   the   purpose   of   operate   the   business   during   the   term .   all   right   in   and   to   the   license   domain   name   and 
 license   content   not   expressly   grant   herein   be   hereby   reserve   exclusively   by   licensor .   licensee   shall   be   responsible   for   the   compliance   of   the 
 term   and   condition   of   this   agreement   by   all   of   its   sublicensee .   without   limit   the   foregoing ,   in   the   event   any   sublicensee   undertake   any 
 action   ( or   inaction )   that   would   be   deem   a   breach   of   this   agreement   have   licensee   take   such   action   ( or   inaction ) ,   such   action   ( or   inaction )   shall 
 be   deem   a   breach   by   licensee   under   this   agreement . 

 2.2 .   other   content .   licensee   may   desire   to   use   content   other   than   license   content ,   from   time   to   time ,   in   connection   with   the 
 website   associate   with   the   license   domain   name   ( " operate   content " ) .   licensee   may   independently   enter   into   an   agreement   with   the   owner 
 of   the   operate   content   to   secure   licensee ’s   right   to   use   such   operate   content ,   and   shall   be   solely   responsible   for   the   cost   and   expense 
 associate   with   procure   such   content .   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   licensee   shall   be   permit   to   upload   such   operate   content   directly   onto 
 licensee ’s   website   or   through   use   of   the   licensor ’s   software   pursuant   to   the   software 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 license   agreement .   if   licensee   request   licensor   to   enter   into   such   an   agreement   on   behalf   of   licensee   and   to   provide   the   operate   content   to 
 licensee ,   licensor   and   licensee   shall   discuss   such   request   in   good   faith;   provide ,   however ,   if   licensor   agree   to   procure   and   provide   such 
 operate   content ,   licensee   shall   reimburse   licensor   for   all   reasonable ,   incremental   cost   that   licensor   incur   which   be   attributable   to   licensee ’s 
 request .   for   example ,   if   licensor ,   prior   to   the   effective   date ,   employ   ten   ( 10 )   full   time   employee   dedicate   to   obtain   content   and ,   as   a   result   of 
 licensee ’s   request   for   operate   content   pursuant   to   this   section   2.2 ,   must   hire   an   additional   full   time   employee   to   handle   licensee ’s   request , 
 licensee   shall   reimburse   licensor   for   the   cost   relate   to   such   full   time   employee ,   provide   that ,   if   such   full   time   employee   also   engage   in   work   on 
 behalf   of   licensor   or   its   affiliate ,   licensee   shall   reimburse   licensor   on   a   pro   rata   basis   only   for   the   time   spend   by   such   full   time   employee   in 
 handle   licensee ’s   request .   licensee   far   acknowledge   that   licensor   have   no   obligation   to   fulfill   any   request   by   licensee   to   procure 
 operating   content   under   this   section   2.2 .   unless   otherwise   agree   to   by   the   party ,   any   operate   content   obtain   on   licensee ’s   behalf   by 
 licensor   shall   be   for   licensee ’s   use   only   and   shall   not   be   use   by   licensor   or   its   affiliate   or   provide   or   make   available   to   any   third   party   by 
 licensor . 

 2.3 .   fee .   in   the   event   e - house   research   and   training   institute   becomes   entitle   to   charge ,   invoice ,   or   otherwise   receive   from , 
 licensee   any   royalty ,   fee   or   other   remuneration   for   use   of   the   e - house   license   datum   and   information   pursuant   to   amendment   to   the   master 
 transaction   agreement   or   through   other   mean ,   licensor   and   licensee   shall   use   good   faith   effort   to   amend   this   agreement   such   that   licensor 
 becomes   entitle   to   charge ,   invoice ,   or   otherwise   receive   fee   from   licensee   to   use   the   license   domain   name   and   license   content ,   such   fee   to 
 be   agree   upon   by   the   party ,   provide   that   ( i )   such   fee   shall   be   commercially   reasonable   and   ( ii )   such   fee   shall   not   exceed   the   fee   charge   by 
 licensor   to   unaffiliated   third   party   for   use   of   the   license   content ,   take   into   account   any   other   consideration   receive   by   licensor   ( include , 
 but   not   limit   to ,   discount   service   offering   from   the   third   party ) . 

 article   iii 
 quality   control 

 3.1 .   licensee   control .   subject   to   the   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement ,   licensee   shall   be   entitle   to   exercise   exclusive 
 control   over   all   aspect   of   the   website   and   the   business   associate   with   the   license   domain   name   include ,   without   limitation ,   the   operation , 
 the   look - and - feel   and   the   content   of   such   website . 

 3.2 .   content   distribution .   licensor   shall   make   available   to   licensee   the   license   content   in   substantially   the   same   manner   and 
 with   substantially   the   same   speed   and   efficiency   as   such   licensed   content   be   make   available   to   sina   leju   prior   to   the   effective   date ,   namely 
 through   licensor ’s   content   database ,   but   in   no   event   with   less   speed ,   efficiency ,   or   a   less   level   of   access   than   licensor   provide   with   respect   to 
 its   own   operation .   licensee   agree   to   use   the   license   domain   name   only   in   accordance   with   such   content   distribution   policy   that   licensor 
 use   in   connection   with   its   own   business ,   and   as   may   be   establish   by   licensor   and   communicate   in   writing   in   advance   to   licensee   from   time   to 
 time   or   as   may   otherwise   be   agree   to   by   the   party   from   time   to   time ,   provide   that   licensee   shall   be   afford   the   same   period   of   time   to   implement 
 any   such   content   distribution   policy   as   be   afford   to   licensor ’s   affiliate   and   other   third   party . 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 3.3 .   website   monitoring   and   censor . 

 ( a )   licensee   obligation .   licensee   shall   monitor   and   censor   all   content   on   the   website   associate   with   the   license   domain 
 name ,   include   without   limitation   content   post   by   end   user .   licensor   shall   also   have   the   right   to   monitor   and   censor   content   of   the   website 
 associate   with   license   domain   name .   licensee   shall   remove   any   offend   content ,   include ,   but   not   limit   to ,   any   illegal   material , 
 pornographic ,   obscene   or   sexually   explicit   material ,   material   of   a   violent   nature ,   or   politically   sensitive   material ,   from   such   website   as   soon   as 
 possible   after   it   become   aware   of   such   offend   content   but   in   no   event   later   than   the   timeframe   prescribe   by   the   governmental   authority   after 
 receipt   of   oral   or   write   notice   from   licensor   or   such   governmental   authority .   licensee ’s   failure   to   comply   with   this   section   3.3(a )   shall   be   deem 
 a   material   breach   of   this   agreement .   without   limit   the   forego   obligation ,   licensee   acknowledge   that   licensor   shall   have   the   right   to 
 remove   such   offend   content   from   the   website   associate   with   license   domain   name . 

 ( b )   new   restriction   impose   by   governmental   authority .   in   the   event   licensor   receive   notice   from   any   governmental 
 authority   that   the   website   associate   with   the   license   domain   name   contain   offend   content   where   ( i )   the   basis   or   nature   of   such   offense 
 have   not   previously   be   identify   by   any   governmental   authority   as   offensive   or   inappropriate   and   ( ii )   licensee   have   not   also   receive   notice   from 
 such   governmental   authority ,   licensor   shall   promptly   notify   licensee   of   licensor ’s   receipt   thereof .   licensee   shall   then   use   good   effort   to   remove 
 such   content   as   soon   as   possible   in   accordance   with   the   instruction   of   such   governmental   authority .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing   or   anything 
 in   section   8.2   to   the   contrary ,   in   the   event   licensor   fail   to   notify   licensee   of   licensor ’s   receipt   of   such   notice   from   a   governmental   authority , 
 such   that   licensee   do   not   have   sufficient   time   to   remove   such   offend   content ,   licensee   shall   not   be   liable   for   any   fine   or   penalty   impose 
 by   a   governmental   authority   in   connection   with   such   offend   content . 

 3.4 .   compliance   with   law .   licensee   shall   ensure   that   the   business   complie   with   all   applicable   law   in   respect   of   operation , 
 advertising   and   promotion   of   the   business   and   use   of   the   license   domain   name   and   license   content   in   connection   therewith . 

 3.5 .   restriction .   except   as   expressly   permit   under   the   trademark   license   agreement ,   licensee   shall   not   knowingly   ( a )   use   the 
 license   domain   name   in   any   manner   that   tarnish ,   degrade ,   disparage   or   reflect   adversely   on   licensor   or   licensor ’s   business   or   reputation , 
 ( b )   in   any   jurisdiction ,   register   or   attempt   to   register   any   domain   name   that   consist   of ,   in   whole   or   in   part ,   or   be   confusingly   similar   to ,   the   term 
 " sina " ,   ( c )   contest ,   challenge   or   otherwise   make   any   claim   or   take   any   action   adverse   to   licensor ’s   interest   in   the   license   domain   name ,   ( d ) 
 register   any   trademark ,   trade   name   or   company   name   that   consist   of ,   in   whole   or   in   part ,   or   be   confusingly   similar   to   the   term   " sina "   in   the 
 name   of   licensee   or   of   any   of   its   affiliate ,   or   ( e )   use   the   license   content   and   other   content   for   any   unlawful   purpose ,   include   but   not   limit 
 to   display   or   distribute   any   pornographic ,   obscene   or   sexually   explicit   material ,   material   of   a   violent   nature ,   or   politically   sensitive   material . 
 in   the   event   that   licensor   reasonably   determine   that   any   violation   of   the   foregoing   by   licensee   pose   an   immediate   harm   to   licensor ’s   business , 
 reputation   or   goodwill ,   licensee   shall   promptly ,   follow   receipt   of   notice   from   licensor ,   cease   and   desist   all   such   non - conforming   us . 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 article   iv 
 ownership 

 4.1 .   ownership .   licensee   acknowledge   that ,   as   between   the   party ,   licensor   ( or   its   third   party   provider )   be   the   owner   of   all 
 right ,   title   and   interest   in   and   to   the   license   domain   name   and   license   content ,   and   all   such   right ,   title   and   interest   shall   remain   exclusively 
 with   licensor   ( or   its   third   party   provider ) . 

 4.2 .   prosecution   and   maintenance .   as   between   licensee   and   licensor ,   licensor   shall   have   the   sole   and   exclusive   right   and 
 obligation   to   maintain   and   renew   registration   for   the   license   domain   name   during   the   term ,   and   shall   do   so   at   its   own   cost   and   expense   during 
 the   term .   licensee   shall   not   engage   in   the   forego   affair ,   in   particular ,   licensee   shall   not   change   or   apply   for   change   of   the   domain   name 
 registration   service   agency   for   the   license   domain   name   during   the   term   of   this   agreement . 

 article   v 
 enforcement 

 5.1 .   licensor   enforcement . 

 ( a )   licensor   shall   have   the   right ,   but   not   the   obligation ,   to   take   action   against   third   party   in   the   court ,   administrative   agency 
 or   otherwise ,   at   licensor ’s   cost   and   expense ,   to   prevent   or   terminate   misuse ,   infringement ,   dilution ,   misappropriation ,   imitation   or   illegal   use   by 
 third   party   of   the   license   domain   name   or   license   content . 

 ( b )   licensee   shall   reasonably   cooperate   with   licensor   in   any   action ,   suit   or   proceed   that   the   licensor   may   undertake   under 
 this   section   5.1   ( include ,   without   limitation ,   executing ,   filing   and   deliver   all   document   and   evidence   reasonably   request   by   the   licensor ) 
 and   shall   lend   its   name   to   such   action ,   suit   or   proceed   if   reasonably   request   by   the   licensor   or   require   by   applicable   law .   all   reasonable 
 out - of - pocket   expense   incur   by   the   licensee   in   connection   therewith   shall   be   reimburse   by   the   licensor .   the   licensee   shall   have   the   right   to 
 participate   and   be   represent   in   any   such   action ,   suit   or   proceeding   by   its   own   counsel   at   its   own   expense . 

 ( c )   all   damage   or   other   compensation   of   any   kind   recover   in   any   action ,   suit   or   proceeding   undertake   under   this   article   v ,   or 
 from   any   settlement   or   compromise   thereof ,   shall   be   for   the   benefit   of   the   licensor ,   provide ,   however ,   that   any   compensation   grant   or   award 
 in   light   of   any   loss   incur   by   licensee   shall   be   for   the   benefit   of   the   licensee   after   licensor ’s   reasonable   expense   for   take   such   action ,   suit 
 or   proceeding   have   be   pay . 

 article   vi 
 term   and   termination 

 6.1 .   term .   the   initial   term   of   this   agreement   ( the   " initial   term " )   shall   commence   on   the   effective   date   and   shall   continue   for   a 
 period   of   ten   ( 10 )   year   thereafter .   begin   twelve   ( 12 )   month   prior   to   the   expiration   of   the   initial   term ,   the   party   shall   use 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 good   faith   effort   to   negotiate   an   extension   of   the   term   of   this   agreement   ( the   initial   term   together   with   any   applicable   extension ,   the   " term " ) . 

 6.2 .   termination   for   bankruptcy .   either   party   may   immediately   terminate   this   agreement   in   the   event   that   the   other   party   ( a ) 
 become   insolvent   or   unable   to   pay   its   debt   as   they   mature;   ( b )   make   an   assignment   for   the   benefit   of   its   creditors;   ( c )   seek   relief ,   or   if 
 proceeding   be   commence   against   such   other   party   or   on   its   behalf ,   under   any   bankruptcy ,   insolvency   or   debtor '   relief   law   and   such 
 proceeding   have   not   be   vacate   or   set   aside   within   seven   ( 7 )   day   from   the   date   of   commencement   thereof . 

 6.3 .   termination   for   breach . 

 ( a )   by   licensor .   licensor   may   terminate   this   agreement   at   any   time   in   the   event   that   the   licensee   be   in   material   default   or   breach 
 of   any   provision   of   this   agreement ,   and ,   if   such   default   or   breach   be   capable   of   cure ,   such   default   or   breach   continue   uncured   for   a   period   of   thirty 
 ( 30 )   day   after   receipt   of   write   notice   thereof;   provide ,   however ,   that   in   the   event   that   the   licensee   have   in   good   faith   commence   cure   within 
 such   thirty   ( 30 )   day   period ,   but   can not   practically   complete   such   cure   within   such   thirty   ( 30 )   day   period ,   the   party   shall   negotiate   a   reasonable 
 additional   time   to   cure . 

 ( b )   by   licensee .   licensee   may   terminate   this   agreement   at   any   time   in   the   event   that   the   licensor   be   in   material   default   or   breach 
 of   any   provision   of   this   agreement ,   and ,   if   such   default   or   breach   be   capable   of   cure ,   such   default   or   breach   continue   uncured   for   a   period   of   thirty 
 ( 30 )   day   after   receipt   of   write   notice   thereof;   provide ,   however ,   that   in   the   event   that   the   licensor   have   in   good   faith   commence   cure   within 
 such   thirty   ( 30 )   day   period ,   but   can not   practically   complete   such   cure   within   such   thirty   ( 30 )   day   period ,   the   party   shall   negotiate   a   reasonable 
 additional   time   to   cure . 

 6.4 .   termination   for   a   change   of   control .   licensor   may   terminate   this   agreement   by   provide   prior   write   notice   to   licensee 
 upon   the   occurrence   of   a   change   of   control . 

 6.5 .   termination   in   the   event   of   termination   of   agency   agreement .   in   the   event   that   the   agency   agreement   be   terminate 
 pursuant   to   section   9.02(c)(iii )   or   9.02(d)(i )   thereof ,   this   agreement   shall   automatically   be   terminate   as   of   the   effective   date   of   the   termination   of 
 the   agency   agreement   and   shall   thereafter   be   of   no   further   force   or   effect   except   as   set   forth   in   section   6.7 . 

 6.6 .   effect   of   termination . 

 ( a )   upon   termination   ( but   not   expiration )   of   this   agreement   for   any   reason ,   licensee   shall   be   entitle   to   use   the   license   domain 
 name   and   license   content   for   a   limit   period   of   time ,   not   to   exceed   ninety   ( 90 )   day ,   during   which   it   shall   diligently   work   to   transition   to 
 another   solution .   upon   expiration   of   this   agreement   or   such   90 - day   period ,   ( i )   all   right   grant   to   licensee   under   this   agreement   with   respect   to 
 the   license   domain   name   and   license   content   shall   immediately   cease ,   and   ( ii )   licensee   shall   immediately   discontinue   all   use   of   the   licensed 
 domain   name   and   license   content . 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 ( b )   upon   termination   or   expiration   of   the   agency   agreement   ( other   than   as   describe   in   section   6.5 ) ,   licensee ’s   right   under 
 section   2.1(b )   be   terminate   and   licensee   shall   immediately   discontinue   all   use   of   the   license   content ,   provide ,   however   that   in   the   event   the 
 agency   agreement   be   amend   or   restate ,   such   amendment   or   restatement   shall   not   be   deem   a   termination   or   expiration   of   the   agency 
 agreement . 

 6.7 .   survival .   the   duty   and   obligation   of   the   party   under   article   iv ,   vi ,   viii ,   ix   and   x   and   section   7.2   of   this   agreement   shall 
 survive   any   termination   or   expiration   of   this   agreement . 

 article   vii 
 representation   and   warranty 

 7.1 .   representation   and   warranty . 

 ( a )   by   each   party .   each   of   licensee   and   licensor   represent   and   warrant   to   each   other   party   that :   ( a )   it   be   a   corporation   duly 
 incorporate ,   validly   exist   and   in   good   standing   under   applicable   law;   ( b )   the   execution ,   delivery   and   performance   of   this   agreement   and   the 
 consummation   of   the   transaction   contemplate   hereby   be   within   its   corporate   powers;   ( c )   it   have   take   necessary   step   to   obtain   authority   and   all 
 necessary   consent   and   approval   of   any   other   third   party   or   governmental   authority   to   execute   and   perform   this   agreement;   ( d )   this   agreement 
 have   be   duly   execute   and   deliver   by   it   and   constitute   its   valid   and   bind   obligation ,   enforceable   against   it   in   accordance   with   its   term , 
 except   as   such   enforceability   may   be   limit   by   bankruptcy ,   insolvency ,   reorganization ,   or   other   law   affect   the   right   of   creditor '   generally   or 
 by   general   principal   of   equity;   and   ( e )   the   execution ,   delivery   and   performance   of   this   agreement   will   not   conflict   with   or   result   in   any   breach   of   its 
 charter   or   certificate   of   incorporation ,   bylaw ,   or   other   govern   document ,   or   any   instrument ,   obligation ,   or   contract   to   which   it   or   its   property   be 
 bind . 

 ( b )   by   licensor .   licensor   represent   and   warrant   that : 

 i.   it   have   the   right   to   grant   the   license   grant   to   licensee   hereunder;   and 

 ii .   the   license   content   and   the   license   domain   name   be ,   and   the   right   grant   hereunder   in   connection   with   the 
 license   domain   name   and   license   content   be ,   substantially   similar   to   the   license   content   and   the   license   domain   name   and   the   right 
 that   be   grant   to   sina   leju   in   connection   therewith   prior   to   the   effective   date . 

 7.2 .   disclaimer .   licensee   hereby   acknowledge   and   agree   that   except   as   expressly   set   forth   herein   or 
 in   the   share   purchase   agreement ,   the   license   domain   name   and   the   license   content   be   provide   without 
 warranty   of   any   kind ,   express   or   imply ,   include   without   limitation ,   warranty   of   merchantability , 
 validity ,   noninfringement ,   fitness   for   a   particular   purpose   or   other   warranty ,   whether   express   or   imply , 
 and   licensor   hereby   disclaim   any   and   all   such   warranty . 

 article   viii 
 indemnification 

 8.1 .   indemnification   by   licensor .   licensor   shall   defend ,   indemnify   and   hold   harmless   licensee   and   its   affiliate ,   and   their 
 respective   officer ,   director ,   employee ,   agent ,   shareholder ,   successor   and   assign ,   ( collectively ,   the   " licensee   party " )   from   and   against   any 
 claim ,   suit ,   demand   or   action   ( " action " ) ,   and   any   and   all   direct   loss   suffer   or   incur   by   licensee   in   connection   with   any   third   party   claim 
 arise   out   of   or   result   from   any   breach   by   licensor   of   any   provision   of   this   agreement .   licensor ’s   obligation   to   indemnify   licensee   shall   be 
 condition   on   ( a )   licensee ’s   provision   to   licensor   of   prompt   notice   of   such   an   action   ( except   where   any   delay   do   not   materially   prejudice 
 licensor);   ( b )   licensee ’s   reasonable   cooperation   with   licensor   in   the   defense   and   settlement   of   such   an   action   at   licensor ’s   cost;   and   ( c )   licensor 
 have   exclusive   control   of   the   defense ,   settlement   and/or   compromise   of   such   an   action   ( provide   that   licensor   may   not   settle   any   action   in   a 
 manner   that   adversely   affect   licensee   without   licensee ’s   prior   write   consent ,   not   to   be   unreasonably   withhold   or   delay ) . 

 8.2 .   indemnification   by   licensee .   licensee   shall   defend ,   indemnify   and   hold   harmless   licensor   and   its   affiliate ,   and   their 
 respective   officer ,   director ,   employee ,   agent ,   shareholder ,   successor   and   assign ,   ( collectively ,   the   " licensor   party " )   from   and   against   any 
 action ,   and   any   and   all   direct   loss   suffer   or   incur   by   licensor   in   connection   with   any   third   party   claim   ( a )   arise   out   of   or   result   from 
 any   breach   by   licensee   of   any   provision   of   this   agreement ,   ( b )   regard   the   content   ( other   than   license   content )   of   the   website   associate 
 with   license   domain   name ,   or   ( c )   regard   any   content   that   be   subject   to   a   request   for   removal   by   a   governmental   authority ,   even   if   licensee 
 remove   such   content   within   the   time   period   proscribe   by   the   governmental   authority ,   provide   that ,   in   all   case ,   licensee   shall   not   be   liable   for 
 any   direct   loss   suffer   or   incur   by   licensor   as   a   result   of   licensor ’s   failure   to   provide   licensee   with   a   reasonable   period   of   time   to   remove 
 content   in   case   where   ( i )   the   basis   or   nature   of   the   offense   have   not   previously   be   identify   by   any   governmental   authority   as   offensive   or 
 inappropriate   and   ( ii )   licensee   have   not   also   receive   notice   from   the   governmental   authority .   licensee ’s   obligation   to   indemnify   licensor   shall   be 
 condition   on   ( x )   licensor ’s   provision   to   licensee   of   prompt   notice   of   such   an   action   ( except   where   any   delay   do   not   materially   prejudice 
 licensee);   ( y )   licensor ’s   reasonable   cooperation   with   licensee   in   the   defense   and   settlement   of   such   an   action   at   licensee ’s   cost;   and   ( z ) 
 licensee   have   exclusive   control   of   the   defense ,   settlement   and/or   compromise   of   such   an   action   ( provide   that   licensee   may   not   settle   any 
 action   in   a   manner   that   adversely   affect   licensor   without   licensor ’s   prior   write   consent ,   not   to   be   unreasonably   withhold   or   delay ) . 

 article   ix 
 confidentiality 

 9.1 .   confidential   information .   in   perform   its   obligation   under   this   agreement ,   either   party   ( the   " recipient " )   may   obtain   certain 
 confidential   information   of   the   other   party .   for   purpose   of   this   agreement ,   " confidential   information "   shall   mean   information ,   document   and 
 other   tangible   thing ,   provide   by   either   party   to   the   other ,   in   whatever   form ,   relate   to   such   party ’s   business   and   marketing ,   include   such 
 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 
 party ’s   financial   information ,   personal   information ,   customer   list ,   product   plan   and   marketing   plan ,   whether   alone   or   in   its   compile   form   and 
 whether   mark   as   confidential   or   not .   the   recipient   shall   maintain   in 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 confidence   all   confidential   information   and   shall   not   disclose   such   confidential   information   to   any   third   party   without   the   express   write   consent 
 of   the   other   party   except   to   those   of   its   employee ,   subcontractor ,   consultant ,   representative   and   agent   as   be   necessary   in   connection   with 
 activity   as   contemplate   by   this   agreement .   in   maintain   the   confidentiality   of   confidential   information ,   the   recipient   shall   exercise   the   same 
 degree   of   care   that   it   exercise   with   its   own   confidential   information ,   and   in   no   event   less   than   a   reasonable   degree   of   care .   the   recipient   shall 
 ensure   that   each   of   its   employee ,   subcontractor ,   consultant ,   representative   and   agent   hold   in   confidence   and   make   no   use   of   the 
 confidential   information   for   any   purpose   other   than   those   permit   under   this   agreement   or   otherwise   require   by   law .   upon   request   by   the 
 other   party ,   the   recipient   shall   return ,   destroy   or   otherwise   handle   as   instruct   by   the   other   party ,   any   document   or   software   contain   such 
 confidential   information ,   and   shall   not   continue   to   use   such   confidential   information . 

 9.2 .   exception .   the   obligation   of   confidentiality   contain   in   section   9.1   shall   not   apply   to   the   extent   that   ( a )   the   recipient   be 
 require   to   disclose   information   by   order   or   regulation   of   a   governmental   authority   or   a   court   of   competent   jurisdiction;   provide ,   however ,   that , 
 to   the   extent   permit   by   applicable   law ,   the   recipient   shall   not   make   any   such   disclosure   without   first   notify   the   other   party   and   allow   the 
 other   party   a   reasonable   opportunity   to   seek   injunctive   relief   from   ( or   a   protective   order   with   respect   to )   the   obligation   to   make   such   disclosure;   or 
 ( b )   the   recipient   can   demonstrate   that   ( i )   the   disclose   information   be   at   the   time   of   such   disclosure   to   the   recipient   already   in   ( or   thereafter 
 enter )   the   public   domain   other   than   as   a   result   of   action   of   the   recipient ,   its   director ,   officer ,   employee   or   agent   in   violation   hereof ,   ( ii )   the 
 disclose   information   be   rightfully   know   to   the   recipient   prior   to   the   date   of   disclosure   ( other   than   pursuant   to   disclosure   by   the   other   party 
 pursuant   to   other   agreement   in   effect   between   the   party ) ,   or   ( iii )   the   disclose   information   be   receive   by   the   recipient   on   an   unrestricted   basis 
 from   a   source   unrelated   to   any   party   and   not   under   a   duty   of   confidentiality   to   the   other   party . 

 article   x 
 general   provision 

 10.1 .   taxis .   each   party   shall   be   responsible   for   taxis   that   should   be   bear   by   it   in   accordance   with   applicable   law .   if   any   party 
 pay   any   taxis   that   should   have   be   bear   by   the   other   party   in   accordance   with   law ,   such   other   party   shall   reimburse   such   party   within   seven 
 ( 7 )   day   after   its   receipt   of   documentation   evidencing   such   tax   payment   so   incur   by   such   party . 

 10.2 .   expense .   except   as   otherwise   specify   in   this   agreement ,   all   cost   and   expense ,   include ,   fee   and   disbursement   of 
 counsel ,   financial   advisor   and   accountant ,   incur   in   connection   with   this   agreement   and   the   transaction   contemplate   by   this   agreement 
 shall   be   bear   by   the   party   incur   such   cost   and   expense ,   whether   or   not   the   closing   shall   have   occur . 

 10.3 .   notice .   all   notice ,   request ,   claim ,   demand   and   other   communication   hereunder   shall   be   in   writing   and   shall   be   deem 
 duly   give ,   make   or   receive   ( i )   on   the   date   of   delivery   if   deliver   in   person   or   by   messenger   service ,   ( ii )   on   the   date   of   confirmation   of   receipt   of 
 transmission   by   facsimile   ( or ,   the   first   ( 1 )   business   day   follow   such   receipt   if   ( a )   such 

 st 
 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 date   of   confirmation   be   not   a   business   day   or   ( b )   confirmation   of   receipt   be   give   after   5:00   p.m. ,   beijing   time )   or   ( iii )   on   the   date   of   confirmation   of 
 receipt   if   deliver   by   an   internationally   recognize   overnight   courier   service   or   register   or   certify   mail   ( or ,   the   first   ( 1 )   business   day   follow 
 such   receipt   if   ( a )   such   date   of   confirmation   be   not   a   business   day   or   ( b )   confirmation   of   receipt   be   give   after   5:00   p.m. ,   beijing   time )   to   the 
 respective   party   hereto   at   the   follow   address   ( or   at   such   other   address   for   a   party   as   shall   be   specify   in   a   notice   give   in   accordance   with 
 this   section   10.3 ): 

 if   to   licensor : 

 sina   corporation 
 20 / f   beijing   ideal   international   plaza 
 no .   58   northwest   4th   ring   road 
 haidian   district ,   beijing ,   100090 
 people ’s   republic   of   china 
 facsimile :   +86   10   8260   7166 
 attention :   head   of   legal   department   ( xie   guomin ) 

 with   a   copy   ( which   shall   not   constitute   notice )   to : 

 shearman   &   sterling   llp 
 12   floor   east   tower ,   twin   tower 
 b-12   jianguomenwai   dajie 
 beijing   100022 
 people ’s   republic   of   china 
 facsimile :   +86   10   6563   6001 
 attention :   lee   edward ,   esq . 

 if   to   licensee : 

 beijing   yisheng   leju   information   service   co. ,   ltd . 
 c / o   cric   holding   limit 
 no .   383   guangyan   road 
 shanghai   200072 
 people ’s   republic   of   china 
 facsimile :   +   86   ( 21 )   6086   7111 
 attention :   president 

 with   a   copy   ( which   shall   not   constitute   notice )   to : 

 skadden ,   arp ,   slate ,   meagher   &   flom 
 42 / f ,   edinburgh   tower ,   the   landmark 
 12   queen ’s   road   central ,   hong   kong 
 facsimile :   +852   3740   4727 
 attention :   jonathan   b.   stone ,   esq .   and   z.   julie   gao ,   esq . 

 10.4 .   public   announcement .   other   than   ( i )   the   filing   with   the   sec   of   the   form   f-1 ,   any   amendment   thereto   and   any   other 
 document   file   in   connection   with   the   form   f-1 , 

 st 
 th 
 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 include   the   filing   of   this   agreement   or   ( ii )   any   communication   with   the   relevant   stock   exchange   or   regulator   in   connection   with   the   ipo ,   in   each 
 case ,   as   deem   necessary   or   desirable   in   the   sole   discretion   of   cric ,   neither   party   to   this   agreement   shall   make ,   or   cause   to   be   make ,   any   press 
 release   or   public   announcement   in   respect   of   this   agreement   or   the   transaction   contemplate   by   this   agreement   or   otherwise   communicate   with 
 any   news   medium   without   the   prior   write   consent   of   the   other   party   unless   otherwise   require   by   law   or   applicable   stock   exchange   regulation ,   and 
 the   party   to   this   agreement   shall   cooperate   as   to   the   timing   and   content   of   any   such   press   release ,   public   announcement   or   communication . 

 10.5 .   severability .   if   any   term   or   other   provision   of   this   agreement   be   invalid ,   illegal   or   incapable   of   be   enforce   by   any   law   or 
 public   policy ,   all   other   term   and   provision   of   this   agreement   shall   nevertheless   remain   in   full   force   and   effect   for   so   long   as   the   economic   or   legal 
 substance   of   the   transaction   contemplate   by   this   agreement   be   not   affect   in   any   manner   materially   adverse   to   either   party   hereto .   upon   such 
 determination   that   any   term   or   other   provision   be   invalid ,   illegal   or   incapable   of   be   enforce ,   the   party   hereto   shall   negotiate   in   good   faith   to 
 modify   this   agreement   so   as   to   effect   the   original   intent   of   the   party   as   closely   as   possible   in   an   acceptable   manner   in   order   that   the   transaction 
 contemplate   by   this   agreement   be   consummate   as   originally   contemplate   to   the   great   extent   possible . 

 10.6 .   entire   agreement .   this   agreement   constitute   the   entire   agreement   of   the   party   hereto   with   respect   to   the   subject   matter 
 hereof   and   supersede   all   prior   agreement   and   understanding ,   both   write   and   oral ,   with   respect   to   the   subject   matter   hereof   and   thereto 
 ( include   the   original   agreement ) . 

 10.7 .   assignment .   this   agreement   and   any   right   or   authority   grant   hereunder   shall   not   be   assign   or   transfer   by   either 
 party ,   include   by   operation   of   law ,   merger   or   otherwise ,   without   the   express   write   consent   of   the   other   party ,   provide   that   licensor   may   assign 
 this   agreement   without   consent   to   any   of   its   affiliate   and   licensee   may   assign   this   agreement   without   consent   to   sina   leju   or   an   affiliate   of 
 licensee   that   be   control   by   sina   leju . 

 10.8 .   amendment .   this   agreement   may   not   be   amend   or   modify   except   ( a )   by   an   instrument   in   writing   sign   by ,   or   on   behalf 
 of ,   both   party   or   ( b )   by   a   waiver   in   accordance   with   section   10.9 . 

 10.9 .   waiver .   either   party   may   ( a )   extend   the   time   for   the   performance   of   any   of   the   obligation   or   other   act   of   the   other   party ,   ( b ) 
 waive   any   inaccuracy   in   the   representation   and   warranty   of   the   other   party   contain   herein   or   in   any   document   deliver   by   the   other   party 
 pursuant   hereto   or   ( c )   waive   compliance   with   any   of   the   agreement   of   the   other   party   or   condition   to   such   party ’s   obligation   contain   herein . 
 any   such   extension   or   waiver   shall   be   valid   only   if   set   forth   in   an   instrument   in   writing   sign   by   the   party   to   be   bind   thereby .   no   waiver   of   any 
 representation ,   warranty ,   agreement ,   condition   or   obligation   grant   pursuant   to   this   section   10.9   or   otherwise   in   accordance   with   this   agreement 
 shall   be   construe   as   a   waiver   of   any   prior   or   subsequent   breach   of   such   representation ,   warranty ,   agreement ,   condition   or   obligation   or   any   other 
 representation ,   warranty ,   agreement ,   condition   or   obligation .   the   failure   of   either   party   hereto   to   assert   any   of   its   right   hereunder   shall   not 
 constitute   a   waiver   of   any   of   such   right . 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 10.10 .   no   third   party   beneficiary .   except   for   the   provision   of   article   vii   relate   to   indemnify   party ,   this   agreement   shall   be 
 bind   upon   and   inure   solely   to   the   benefit   of   the   party   and   their   respective   successor   and   permit   assign   and   nothing   herein ,   express   or 
 imply   ( include   the   provision   of   article   vii   relate   to   indemnify   party ) ,   be   intend   to   or   shall   confer   upon   any   other   person   any   legal   or 
 equitable   right ,   benefit   or   remedy   of   any   nature   whatsoever ,   include   any   right   of   employment   for   any   specify   period ,   under   or   by   reason   of   this 
 agreement . 

 10.11 .   govern   law .   this   agreement   and   any   dispute   or   claim   arise   out   of   or   in   connection   with   it   or   its   subject   matter   shall 
 be   govern   by ,   and   construe   in   accordance   with ,   the   law   of   the   people ’s   republic   of   china   ( without   regard   to   its   conflict   of   law   rule   that 
 would   mandate   the   application   of   the   law   of   another   jurisdiction ) . 

 10.12 .   dispute   resolution .   ( a )   any   dispute ,   controversy   or   claim   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   this   agreement ,   or   the   breach , 
 termination   or   invalidity   thereof   ( each ,   a   " dispute " ) ,   shall   to   the   extent   possible   be   settle   through   friendly   consultation   among   the   party   hereto . 
 the   claim   party   ( the   " claimant " )   shall   promptly   notify   the   other   party   ( the   " respondent " )   in   a   date   write   notice   that   a   dispute   have   arise   and 
 describe   the   nature   of   the   dispute .   any   dispute   which   remain   unresolved   within   sixty   ( 60 )   day   after   the   date   of   such   write   notice   shall   be 
 submit   to   the   china   international   economic   and   trade   arbitration   commission   ( the   " commission " )   to   be   finally   settle   by   arbitration   in   beijing , 
 prc   in   accordance   with   the   commission ’s   then   effective   rule   ( the   " rule " )   and   this   section   10.12 .   the   language   of   the   arbitration   shall   be 
 mandarin   chinese . 

 ( b )   the   arbitration   tribunal   shall   consist   of   three   ( 3 )   arbitrator .   the   claimant   shall   appoint   one   ( 1 )   arbitrator ,   the   respondent   shall 
 appoint   one   ( 1 )   arbitrator ,   and   the   two   ( 2 )   arbitrator   so   appoint   shall   appoint   a   third   arbitrator .   if   the   claimant   and   the   respondent   fail   to   appoint 
 one   ( 1 )   arbitrator ,   or   the   two   ( 2 )   arbitrator   appoint   fail   to   appoint   the   third   arbitrator   within   the   time   period   set   by   the   then   effective   rule ,   the 
 relevant   appointment   shall   be   make   promptly   by   the   commission . 

 ( c )   any   award   of   the   arbitration   tribunal   establish   pursuant   to   this   section   10.12   shall   be   final   and   bind   upon   the   party ,   and 
 enforceable   in   any   court   of   competent   jurisdiction .   the   party   shall   use   their   good   effort   to   effect   the   prompt   execution   of   any   such   award   and 
 shall   render   whatever   assistance   as   may   be   necessary   to   this   end .   the   prevail   party   ( as   determine   by   the   arbitrator )   shall   be   entitle   to 
 reimbursement   of   its   cost   and   expense ,   include   reasonable   attorney ’s   fee ,   incur   in   connection   with   the   arbitration   and   any   judicial 
 enforcement ,   unless   the   arbitrator   determine   that   it   would   be   manifestly   unfair   to   honor   this   agreement   of   the   party   and   determine   a   different 
 allocation   of   cost . 

 ( d )   the   forego   provision   in   this   section   10.12   shall   not   preclude   any   party   from   seek   interim   or   conservatory   remedy , 
 include   injunctive   relief ,   from   any   court   have   jurisdiction   to   grant   such   relief . 

 10.13 .   no   presumption .   the   party   acknowledge   that   each   have   be   represent   by   counsel   in   connection   with   this   agreement 
 and   the   transaction   contemplate   by   this   agreement .   accordingly ,   any   applicable   law   that   would   require   interpretation   of   any   claim 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 ambiguity   in   this   agreement   against   the   party   that   draft   it   have   no   application   and   be   expressly   waive .   if   any   claim   be   make   by   a   party   relate   to 
 any   conflict ,   omission   or   ambiguity   in   the   provision   of   this   agreement ,   no   presumption   or   burden   of   proof   or   persuasion   will   be   imply   because 
 this   agreement   be   prepare   by   or   at   the   request   of   any   party   or   its   counsel . 

 10.14 .   specific   performance .   the   party   hereto   acknowledge   and   agree   that   irreparable   damage   would   occur   if   any   of   the 
 provision   of   this   agreement   be   not   perform   in   accordance   with   their   specific   term   and   that   any   breach   of   this   agreement   could   not   be 
 adequately   compensate   in   all   case   by   monetary   damage   alone .   accordingly ,   in   addition   to   any   other   right   or   remedy   to   which   a   party   hereto 
 may   be   entitle ,   at   law   or   in   equity ,   it   shall   be   entitle   to   enforce   any   provision   of   this   agreement   by   a   decree   of   specific   performance   and   to 
 temporary ,   preliminary   and   permanent   injunctive   relief   to   prevent   breach   or   threaten   breach   of   any   of   the   provision   of   this   agreement , 
 without   post   any   bond   or   other   undertaking . 

 10.15 .   force   majeure .   neither   party   shall   be   liable   for   failure   to   perform   any   of   its   obligation   under   this   agreement   during   any 
 period   in   which   such   party   can not   perform   due   to   hacker   attack ,   fire ,   flood   or   other   natural   disaster ,   war ,   embargo ,   riot   or   the   intervention   of   any 
 governmental   authority ,   provide ,   however ,   that   the   party   so   delay   immediately   notifie   the   other   party   of   such   delay .   in   no   event   shall   such 
 nonperformance   by   licensee   be   excuse   due   to   any   such   event   for   long   than   ninety   ( 90 )   day . 

 10.16 .   counterpart .   this   agreement   may   be   execute   and   deliver   ( include   by   facsimile   transmission )   in   one   or   more 
 counterpart ,   and   by   the   different   party   hereto   in   separate   counterpart ,   each   of   which   when   execute   shall   be   deem   to   be   an   original ,   but   all   of 
 which   take   together   shall   constitute   one   and   the   same   agreement . 

 10.17 .   termination   of   original   agreement .   pursuant   to   the   mutual   termination   agreement   set   forth   in   exhibit   b   attach   hereto , 
 the   original   agreement   shall   be   terminate   as   of   the   effective   date .   notwithstanding   anything   in   this   agreement   to   the   contrary ,   this   agreement 
 shall   not   become   effective   unless   and   until   the   mutual   termination   agreement   set   forth   in   exhibit   b   be   execute . 

 [ signature   on   next   page ] 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 in   witness   whereof ,   each   party   hereto   have   cause   this   agreement   to   be   execute   by   its   duly   authorize   representative   on 
 the   date   first   set   forth   above . 

 beijing   sina   internet   information   service   co. ,   ltd . 

 by : 

 /s/   charles   chao 

 name : 

 title : 

 beijing   yisheng   leju   information   service   co. ,   ltd . 

 by : 

 /s/   fei   cao 

 name : 

 title : 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 

 exhibit   a 

 license   domain   name 

 house.sina.com.cn 

 jiaju.sina.com.cn 

 construction.sina.com.cn 

 source : leju holdings ltd , drs ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014