exhibit   10.9 

 global   music   international ,   inc . 
 dba   imntv 
 content   license   agreement 
 this   content   license   agreement   ( " agreement " )   be   between   global   music   international ,   inc .   d / b / a   independent   music   network   ( imntv ) ,   locate   at   20 
 old   stagecoach   road ,   redding ,   connecticut ,   06896   ( " imntv " ) ,   and   distributor ,   as   set   forth   below ,   and   describe   the   term   and   condition   under   which 
 distributor   will   distribute   programming   provide   by   imntv   as   describe   herein .   distributor ’s   distribution   of   the   programming   be   subject   to   the   master   term   of 
 service   ( " mts " )   attach   hereto   as   exhibit   a.   all   capitalize   term   shall   have   the   meaning   set   forth   on   the   mts .   in   consideration   for   the   mutual   promise   and 
 covenant   contain   herein ,   the   party   agree   as   follow : 
 distributor ’s   authorize   signature ,   be   require : 
 a.   distributor   information   n / a 

 provider   name : 
 mobilevision   communication   ltd . 
 address : 
 100   ba   li   zhuang   xi   li ,   suite   907 ,   zhubang2000   plaza ,   east   building ,   beijing ,   china 
 country   province : 
 p.r.china 
 web   site 
 www.looklook.cn 
 tax   i d   : 
 n / a 
 business   contact : 
 name :   mengdi   xu 

 phone :   +86   135   010   37211 

 email :   xumengdilooklook.cn 
 marketing   contact : 
 name :   baoqe   ( angel )   song 

 phone :   +86   13911178981 

 email :   angelsonglooklook.cn 
 technical   contact : 
 name :   weili   cheng 

 phone :   +86   13011813916 
 email :   chengwlmobiledata.com.cn 
 billing   contact : 
 name :   ruoxian   qi 

 phone :   +86   13161502302 

 email :   ruoxianlooklook.cn 
 billing   address :   ( if   different   from   above ) 

 customer   service   contact : 
 name :   liang   ( dean )   wang 

 phone :   +86   136   2131   5977 

 email :   deanwanglooklook.cn 
 notice   contact : 
 name :   ruoxian   qi 

 phone :   +86   13161502302 

 email :   ruoxianlooklook.cn 
 notice   address :   ( if   different   from   above ) 

 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 b.   term 
 this   agreement   be   effective   as   of   the   last   date   sign   below   ( " effective   date " ) .   the   initial   term   of   this   agreement   will   begin   on   the   effective   date   and 
 end   twelve   ( 12 )   month   after   the   launch   ( the   " term " ) .   imntv   will   extend   the   agreement   on   the   same   term   and   condition   for   additional   one - year   term , 
 provide   distributor   and   imntv   agree ,   predicate   on   satisfactory   performance   by   both   party 
 in   witness   whereof ,   the   party   have   execute   this   agreement   by   their   duly   authorize   representative . 

 distributor 
 mobilevision   communication   ltd . 

 by : name 
 andrew   zhang 

 title 
 president 

 signature 
 /s/   andrew   zhang 

 date 
 13/07/05 
 global   music   international ,   inc . 
 d / b / a   independent   music   network   ( imntv ) 
 by : name 
 corinne   fallacaro 

 title 
 president 

 signature 
 /s/   corinne   fallacaro 

  date 
 13/07/05 
 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 exhibit   a 
 global   music   international ,   inc . 
 dba   imntv 
 master   term   of   service 
 1 .   definition 
 the   follow   capitalize   term   will   have   the   meaning   set   forth   below : 

 " bundle "   mean ,   any   version   of   the   mobile   product   that   include   imntv   content   bundle   with   any   other   product   or   service . 
 " confidential   information "   mean   the   confidential   or   proprietary   technical   or   business   information   of   a   party ,   include   without   limitation   ( a )   proposal   or 
 research   relate   to   possible   new   product   or   services;   ( b )   financial   statement   and   other   financial   information;   ( c )   report   information;   ( d )   the   material   term   of 
 this   agreement   and   the   relationship   between   the   parties;   and   ( e )   plan   launch   date .   all   of   the   information   will   be   consider   confidential   only   if   it   be 
 conspicuously   designate   as   " confidential , "   or   if   provide   orally ,   identify   at   the   time   of   disclosure   as   confidential .   " confidential   information "   do   not   include 
 information   that   ( i )   be   in   or   enter   the   public   domain   without   breach   of   this   agreement ,   ( ii )   the   receive   party   lawfully   receive   from   a   third   party   without 
 restriction   on   disclosure   and   without   breach   of   a   nondisclosure   obligation ,   or   ( iii )   the   receive   party   know   prior   to   receive   such   information   from   the   disclose 
 party   or   develop   independently . 
 " content "   mean   generally   text ,   image ,   video ,   audio ,   and   other   material . 
 " fee "   mean   subscription   fee   that   include   imntv   content .. 
 " internet   protocol "   mean   any   protocol   use   to   route   datum   on   the   internet ,   or   on   any   portion   of   the   internet ,   include   all   version   currently   in   existence   or 
 develop   or   implement   in   the   future . 
 " landing   page "   mean   the   destination   web   page   for   a   special   link ,   create   and   host   by   distributor ,   from   where   individual   may   begin   the   registration   process 
 for   the   subscription   service   or   a   bundle ,   at   such   individual ’s   election . 
 " launch "   mean   the   date   that   the   programming   be   make   generally   available   for   purchase   by   consumer   under   the   term   and   condition   of   the   agreement . 
 " programming”means   imntv ’s   content ,   as   specifically   describe   on   section   b   ( 1 )   of   the   agreement .   as   use   herein ,   " programming "   also   include   any 
 promotional   and   marketing   content   provide   by   provider   for   imntv ’s   promotional   and   marketing   activity   as   describe   herein . 
 " programming   bundle   fee "   mean   the   fee   actually   pay   by   a   subscriber   for   a   programming   bundle   that   include   imntv   content   provide   in   accordance   with 
 this   agreement . 
 " distributor   mark "   mean   the   trademark ,   service   mark ,   brand ,   logo   and   trade   name   of   distributor . 
 " distributor   portal "   mean ,   collectively ,   the   distributor ’s   site   and   any   other   web   site   or   property   from   where   distributor   promote   the   programming . 
 " distributor   site "   mean   distributor ’s   internet   web   site   intend   to   promote   the   availability   of   any   distributor   content ,   include   the   programming ,   via   mobile 
 and   wireless   network .   distributor   site   be   more   fully   describe   in   section   a   of   the   agreement . 
 " subscription   fee "   mean   the   fee   actually   pay   by   a   subscriber   for   the   applicable   mobile   content . 
 " subscriber "   mean   any   individual   who   purchase   mobile   content   programming   and :   ( a )   who   actually   pay   the   applicable   subscription   fee;   and   ( b )   do   not 
 receive   a   refund   of   such   subscription   fee   for   any   reason   within   thirty   ( 30 )   day   from   the   end   of   the   payment   period   for   which   the   subscription   fee   be   pay .   a 
 subscriber   remain   a   " subscriber "   for   the   purpose   of   this   agreement   so   long   as   such   individual   continue   to   pay   the   applicable   subscription   fee . 
 " registration   process "   mean   the   download ,   payment ,   installation ,   and   electronic   registration   process   of   the   programming ,   a   bundle   or   the   applicable   software . 
 " registration   process "   may   include   an   online   registration   form 

 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 provide ,   host ,   and   manage   by   distributor ,   and   may   also ,   at   distributor ’s   discretion ,   include   other   method   by   which   a   subscriber   may   affirmatively   request 
 access   to   the   programming ,   a   bundle ,   or   the   software . 

 " imntv   mark "   mean   the   trademark ,   service   mark ,   brand ,   logo   and   trade   name   of   imntv   and/or   global   music   international . 
 " imntv   portal "   mean   the   imntv   site   where   imntv   promote   the   programming . 
 " imntv   site "   mean   the   internet   web   site   own   and   operate   by   imntv . 
 " special   link”mean   a   format   or   " tag "   link   that   track   traffic   from   the   distributor   portal   to   the   landing   page . 
 " subscriber "   mean ,   collectively ,   end   user   who   have   complete   the   registration   process   for   any   of   the   subscription   product   describe   herein .   " subscriber " 
 include   " recur   subscriber . " 
 " subscription   product "   mean ,   collectively   product   and   bundle   that   include   imntv   content . 
 " imntv   mobile   product "   mean   an   imntv   brand   subscription   product   distribute   to   mobile   and   wireless   device ,   which   include   service ,   product   and 
 content   from   one   or   a   variety   of   third   party ,   and   include   any   derivative ,   follow - on ,   repackage ,   or   substantially   similar   product   offer   by   distributor   that 
 include   imntv   programming . 
 " bundle   fee "   mean   the   fee   actually   pay   by   a   subscriber   for   the   mobile   product   bundle   that   include   provider   content   provide   in   accordance   with   this 
 agreement . 
 " imntv   mobile   product   fee "   mean   the   fee   actually   pay   by   a   subscriber   for   the   imntv   mobile   product . 
 " recur   subscriber "   for   the   purpose   of   this   agreement   so   as   long   as   such   individual   continue   to   pay   the   applicable   subscription   fee ,   so   long   as   imntv 
 actually   receive   such   fee . 
 " territory "   mean   china .   other   territory   be   subject   to   approval   by   imntv . 
 2 .   distributor   obligation . 
 2.1   subscription   transaction .   distributor   will   provide   the   follow   service   to   market ,   launch   and   distribute   the   programming   use   its   exist   infrastructure   as 
 follow : 
 ( a )   fulfillment .   each   individual   who   purchase   a   subscription   must   complete   the   registration   process ,   where   such   individual   will   be   prompt   to   provide   certain 
 personally   identifiable   information   include   a   valid   major   credit   card   ( e.g.   visa ,   mastercard ,   discover ,   american   express )   to   receive   the   programming .   support   for 
 additional   payment   method   and   additional   credit   card   may   be   develop   by   distributor ,   with   imntv ’s   prior   write   approval . 
 ( b )   customer   support .   distributor   will   provide   customer   support   in   target   territory   in   a   workmanlike   and   professional   manner . 
 2.2   distribution   channel .   distributor   and   imntv   may   create ,   sell   and   market   bundle   that   include   the   imntv   programming .   distributor   may   offer   the 
 programming   and   any   bundle   through   all   wireless   distribution   channel   in   target   territory .   to   enable   all   subscriber   to   have   access   to   the   programming ,   the 
 programming   may   be   distribute   in   whole   or   in   part   via   internet   protocol   in   a   manner   that   enable   the   programming   to   be   receive   and   play   back   by   mobile 
 device   in   the   target   territory . 
 2.3   host   service .   host   of   on - demand   programming   will   be   provide   at   no   cost   to   imntv   in   a   format   acceptable   to   local   territory   wireless   device . 
 distributor   will   provide   report   of   aggregate   subscriber   access   and   usage   datum   concern   the   programming   on   a   monthly   basis ,   together   with   report   describe   in 
 section   6.5 ,   below . 
 2.4   promotion   of   programming .   distributor   may   use   the   programming   and   imntv ’s   mark   to   market ,   advertise   and   promote   the   programming   in   the   mobile 
 software   application(s ) ,   the   distributor ’s   portal ,   and   in   other   on   and   off - line   marketing   effort   as   follow :   ( a )   promote   the   programming   in   directory ,   listing , 
 and   keyword   searches;   ( b )   deep   link   to   the   programming;   ( c )   feature   programming   in   various   area   within   the   distributor ’s   software   and   distributor ’s   portal , 
 ( d )   communicating   to   user   via   distributor ’s   consumer   marketing   channel   such   as   on - line   message ,   member   newsletter   or   email   campaigns;   ( e )   feature   excerpt , 
 screenshot   of   programming   in   marketing   collateral   and   advertisements;   ( f )   feature   the   programming   in   product   demonstration   relate   to   distributor ’s 

 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 software   or   subscription   product   at   trade   show   and   conferences;   ( g )   create   collateral   for   joint   promotional   effort   between   distributor   and   third   parties;   ( h ) 
 promote   the   programming   in   television ,   radio   and   print   medium .   imntv   may   use   distributor 's   logo   and   mark   in   the   marketing   of   the   product ,   subject   to   pre- 
 approve   trademark   usage   policy   and   brand   standard   to   be   provide   by   distributor   to   imntv . 
 2.5   distributor   support   and   operational   responsibility .   distributor   will   provide   all   " middleware "   programming   to   facilitate   connection   of   the   content   delivery 
 platform   to   local   territory   wireless   network .   distributor   will   perform   localization   of   any   software   component   to   make   the   program   possible   to   use   in   the   local 
 territory .   this   be   to   include   language   translation   or   interface   design   change .   provider   will   act   as   liaison   with   local   territory   wireless   carrier .   this   will   include 
 content   review   to   insure   content   meet   local   broadcast   standard   and   meet   any   local   regulatory   requirement .   distributor   also   agree   to   secure   necessary 
 governmental   approval   or   permit   necessary   to   operate   in   the   territory   and   to   secure   permission   to   enable   distribution   of   imntv ’s   share   of   subscription   fee   to 
 imntv   in   the   united   state .   distributor   be   solely   responsible   for   monitoring ,   performance   and   ensure   the   availability   of   the   programming   and   will   notify 
 imntv   immediately   of   plan   and   unplanned   programming   delay   or   outage . 
 2.6   privacy .   distributor   be   responsible   for   comply   with   all   applicable   law ,   rule   and   regulation   relate   to   its   collection   and   use   of   personal   information   from 
 user   of   the   distributor   portal .   at   a   minimum ,   distributor   must   adopt ,   implement   and   comply   with   a   privacy   policy   that :   ( a )   be   easy   to   find ,   read   and   understand; 
 ( b )   be   prominently   post   at   the   time   that   any   personally   identifiable   information   be   collect   or   requested;   and   ( c )   clearly   state   what   information   be   be 
 collect ,   what   the   information   will   be   use   for ,   whether   such   information   will   be   provide   to   third   party ,   and   the   choice   available   regard   collection ,   use   and 
 distribution   of   the   collect   information . 
 3 .   imntv   obligation . 
 3.1   grant   of   license .   during   the   term ,   for   the   activity   describe   in   this   agreement ,   imntv   hereby   grant   distributor   non - exclusive   right   and   license 
 necessary   within   the   territory   to :   ( a )   copy ,   store   digitally ,   host   and   stream   the   programming;   ( b )   publicly   perform ,   publicly   display ,   electronically   transmit , 
 distribute   and   broadcast   the   programming;   ( c )   promote   the   programming   and   use   imntv   mark   for   distributor ’s   promotion   of   the   programming   as   activity 
 describe   in   section   2.4   above;   ( d )   archive   the   programming   on   distributor ’s   servers;   ( e )   encode ,   copy ,   and   create   continuous   programming   excerpt   of   up   to   sixty 
 ( 60 )   second   and   transmit ,   publicly   perform ,   distribute ,   and   redistribute   such   excerpt   to   end   user   via   the   distributor ’s   portal   for   marketing   purpose   only(f ) 
 deep   link   to   the   programming . 
 3.2   right   of   distribution   n / a 

 3.3   remove   n / a 

 3.4   programming   obligation .   imntv   will   create   and   maintain   it ’s   programming   content   and   will   deliver   same   to   distributor   in   a   format   suitable   for   the 
 distribution   over   wireless   network   in   distributor ’s   territory   on   a   regular   basis . 
 3.5   logo   trademark .   distributor   may   use   imntv   logo   and   mark   in   the   marketing   of   the   product ,   subject   to   pre - approve   trademark   usage   policy   and   brand 
 standard . 
 3.6   dedicate   personnel .   throughout   the   term ,   imntv   shall   designate   at   least   one   ( 1 )   staff   member   to   provide   distributor   with   all   reasonably   necessary 
 assistance ,   information   and   support   relate   to   its   obligation   herein   include ,   but   not   limit   to ,   update   and   maintain   the   programming . 
 3.7   responsibility   for   programming .   except   as   expressly   set   forth   herein ,   imntv   be   solely   responsible   for   all   cost ,   activity ,   obligation   and   liability   associate 
 with :   ( a )   obtain   all   right   and   license   necessary   for   the   authorize   use   and   distribution   of   the   imntv   programming   as   describe   herein   include ,   but   not 
 limit   to ,   all   copyright ,   trademark   right ,   right   of   publicity   and   right   of   privacy ,   and   any   broadcast ,   rebroadcast ,   or   retransmission   right   or   permissions;   and   ( b ) 
 obtain   all   necessary   permission   and/or   release   documentation   from   all   person   associate   with   the   distribution   of   the   programming   as   describe   herein , 
 include ,   without   limitation ,   all   performer . 
 4 .   advertising 

 the   imntv   programming   will   not   contain   any   advertising ,   either   integrate   or   before   or   after   each   clip ,   except   imntv   i’ds   and   imntv   commercial   for 
 solicitation   of   chinese   music   video , without   the   prior   write   approval   of   both   party .  
 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 
 5 .   ownership . 
 5.1   by   imntv .   as   between   distributor   and   imntv ,   imntv   own   or   have   the   necessary   license   to   all   copyright ,   trademark ,   patent   and   other   intellectual 
 property   right   in   and   to ,   and   all   other   right ,   title   and   interest   in   and   to   the   programming ,   the   trademark   and   the   imntv   portal .   except   as   expressly   provide 
 herein ,   imntv   retain   the   right   to   distribute   the   programming   in   any   medium   now   know   or   hereafter   develop .   as   between   imntv   and   distributor   ( exclude 
 the   programming   and   other   provider   intellectual   property ) ,   imntv   own   all   copyright ,   trademark ,   patent   and   other   intellectual   property   right   therein ,   and   all 
 other   right ,   title   and   interest   in   and   to   or   associate   with   the   subscription   product ,   the   imntv   site ,   the   imntv   mark ,   and   the   system   and   subscriber   datum . 
 5.3   trademark .   each   party :   ( a )   will   not   create   a   unitary   composite   mark   involve   a   trademark   of   the   other   party   without   the   prior   write   approval   of   such   other 
 party;   ( b )   will   display   symbol   and   notice   clearly   and   sufficiently   indicate   the   trademark   status   and   ownership   of   the   other   party 's   trademark   in   accordance 
 with   applicable   trademark   law   and   practice;   ( c )   acknowledge   that   its   utilization   of   the   other   party 's   trademark   will   not   create   in   it ,   nor   will   it   represent   it   have ,   any 
 right ,   title   or   interest   in   or   to   such   trademark   other   than   the   license   expressly   grant   herein;   ( d )   agree   not   to   do   anything   contest   or   impair   the   trademark 
 right   of   the   other   party;   ( e )   agree   to   promptly   notify   the   other   party   of   any   unauthorized   use   of   the   other   party 's   trademark   of   which   it   have   actual   knowledge; 
 and   ( f )   will   have   the   sole   right   and   discretion   to   bring   proceeding   allege   infringement   of   its   trademark   or   unfair   competition   relate   thereto;   provide ,   however , 
 that   each   party   agree   to   provide   the   other   party ,   at   such   other   party 's   expense ,   with   its   reasonable   cooperation   and   assistance   with   respect   to   any   such 
 infringement   proceeding 
 6 .   fee   and   royalty 
 6.1   mobile   product   payment .   subscription   fee   in   territory   be   to   be   determine   base   on   market   research   perform   by   distributor   with   pricing   to   be   agree   upon 
 jointly   and   in   write   each   quarter ,   distributor   will   make   royalty   payment   to   imntv   base   on   a   structure   as   follow : 
 55   of   subscriber   revenue   for   the   subscription   base   service   broadcasting   imntv   content   only ,   net   of   telecom   percentage   provide   in   accordance   with   this 
 agreement . 

 ( " programming   payment " ) ,   subject   to   the   following :   the   party   acknowledge   that   some   mobile   carrier   may   bill   end   user   for   a   full   month   in   a   single   billing ,   and 
 that   other   may   bill   for   partial   month   or   pro - rate   the   billing   of   recur   subscriber .   for   each   full   month   of   fee   receive   from   a   recur   subscriber ,   distributor 
 will   pay   imntv   base   on   the   rate   structure   ( the   " full   month   payment " ) .   to   the   extent   that   distributor   receive   a   partial   month 's   fee   or   pro - rat   fee   from   a 
 recur   subscriber   as   a   result   of   a   carrier 's   billing   practice ,   distributor   will   pay   imntv   a   proportionate   or   pro - rat   portion   of   such   full   month   payment 
 base   on   the   amount   receive   by   distributor . 
 6.2   payment .   all   payment   hereunder   shall   be   payable   to   imntv   in   united   state   dollar   on   a   quarterly   basis   upon   receipt   from   the   wireless   carrier   in   the 
 territory ,   except   as   follow : 
 ( a )   first   payment .   the   first   payment   to   imntv   will   be   payable   upon   receipt   at   the   end   of   the   first   calendar   quarter   after   launch ,   and   will   include   any   amount 
 due ,   pro - rat   base   on   the   number   of   day   in   such   period   of   time;   and 
 ( b )   last   payment .   the   last   payment   to   imntv   will   be   payable   upon   receipt   at   the   end   of   the   first   full   month   after   the   termination   or   expiration   of   this 
 agreement ,   and   will   include   any   amount   due :   for   the   last   month   that   the   programming   be   available ,   prorate   base   on   the   number   of   day   in   such   final   period . 
 ( c )   other   exception .   all   payment   hereunder   be   exclusive   of :   ( i )   any   trial   or   promotional   period   during   which   a   subscriber   receive   access   to   the   programming 
 before   such   subscriber ’s   credit   card   be   charged;   and   ( ii )   refund ,   charge   back   and   fee   attributable   to   contest   credit   card   transaction 
 ( d )   summary   of   timing .   the   party   acknowledge   the   follow   that   establishe   timing   of   payment :   ( 1 )   distributor   receive   a   carrier   statement   say   how   much 
 distributor   will   be   paid;   ( 2 )   30 - 45   day   later   the   carrier   pay   distributor;   ( 3 )   when   distributor   be   pay   by   a   carrier ,   distributor   make   royalty   payment   to 
 imntv . 
 ( e )   exchange   rate .   payment   to   imntv   will   be   convert   from   local   currency   to   we   dollar   at   the   official   exchange   rate   post   on   the   day   payment   be   make   to 
 imntv   via   wire   transfer   provide   that   currency   exchange   be   approve   by   the   relevant   chinese   currency   exchange   administrative   agency . 
 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 6.3   provider   payment   location .   distributor   will   remit   such   payment   a   bank   account   specifically   name   by   imntv .. 
 6.4   taxis .   distributor   will   collect   and   remit   to   the   appropriate   tax   authority ,   or   require   subscriber   to   pay ,   any   sale ,   use   or   similar   taxis   applicable   to   any   retail 
 sale   or   distribution   of   the   programming .   except   for   the   foregoing ,   each   party   be   solely   and   separately   responsible   for   its   own   taxis ,   user   fee ,   or   similar   levy . 
 6.5   report .   distributor   will   provide   imntv   with   a   quarterly   report   or   monthly   report   if   available ,   summarize   the   datum   relevant   to   the   payment   obligation 
 herein   within   five   ( 5 )   business   day   from   the   end   of   the   calendar   quarter .   the   report   will   contain   sufficient   information   to   permit   provider   to   verify   payment 
 hereunder . 
 7 .   termination 
 7.1   general   termination   right .   either   party   may   terminate   the   agreement   at   any   time   in   the   event   of   a   material   breach   by   the   other   party   that   remain   uncured 
 after   thirty   ( 30 )   day   write   notice   of   the   breach . 
 7.2   termination   for   programming   deficiency .   distributor   reserve   the   right   to   issue   a   warning   immediately   to   subscriber ,   to   temporarily   or   indefinitely   suspend 
 the   availability   of   the   programming ,   or   to   terminate   this   agreement   ( the   " remedy " )   if   imntv   breach   this   agreement .   in   the   event   that   distributor   exercise 
 any   of   its   right   set   forth   in   this   section   7.2 ,   distributor   will   notify   imntv   of   the   programming   deficiency ,   distributor ’s   elect   remedy ,   and   the   available   cure 
 option ,   and   will   provide   imntv   with   a   reasonable   period   of   time   in   which   imntv   may   cure   the   programming   deficiency   ( the   " cure   period " ) .   during   the   cure 
 period ,   if   commercially   reasonable ,   the   distributor   may   help   imntv   cure   the   programming   deficiency ,   but   be   under   no   affirmative   obligation   to   do   so .   if   imntv 
 fail   to   cure   the   programming   deficiency   within   the   cure   period ,   distributor   may   terminate   this   agreement   immediately   upon   write   notice .   in   the   event   of   a 
 suspension   or   termination   under   this   section   7.2 ,   distributor   will   notify   subscriber   that   the   programming   be   no   long   available .   distributor   will   be   solely   liable   for 
 any   refund   pertain   to   the   programming   that   be   issue   to   subscriber   as   a   result   of   termination   under   this   section   7.2 . 
 7.3   termination   for   bankruptcy / insolvency .   either   party   may   terminate   this   agreement   immediately   follow   write   notice   to   the   other   party   if   the   other   party : 
 ( a )   cease   to   do   business   in   the   normal   course;   ( b )   become   or   be   declare   insolvent   or   bankrupt;   ( c )   be   the   subject   of   any   proceeding   relate   to   its   liquidation   or 
 insolvency   ( whether   voluntary   or   involuntary )   which   be   not   dismiss   within   ninety   ( 90 )   calendar   days;   or   ( d )   make   an   assignment   for   the   benefit   of   creditor . 
 7.4   effect   of   termination .   except   as   set   forth   in   section   7.3   above ,   upon   termination   or   expiration   of   this   agreement :   ( a )   the   license   grant   to   distributor   will 
 immediately   terminate;   and   ( b )   all   fee   due   to   imntv   will   be   pay   to   imntv   pursuant   to   section   6.3   of   this   agreement .   in   the   event   that   distributor   terminate 
 this   agreement   pursuant   to   either   section   7.2   or   7.3   above ,   distributor   will   notify   subscriber   that   the   programming   be   no   long   available . 
 section   5 ,   6.3 ,   6.6 ,   7.2 ,   7.4 ,   8 ,   and   9   of   this   mts   will   survive   the   expiration   or   termination   of   the   agreement   for   any   reason . 
 8 .   warranty   and   indemnification 
 8.1   provider   warranty   and   indemnification .   imntv   represent   and   warrant   to   distributor   that :   ( i )   imntv   be   an   entity   duly   organize   and   validly 
 exist   under   the   law   of   its   state   of   organization;   ( ii )   imntv   have   the   power   and   authority   to   enter   into   this   agreement   and   to   perform   fully   its 
 obligation   under   this   agreement;   ( iii )   imntv   be   under   no   contractual   or   other   legal   obligation   which   could   reasonably   be   expect   to   interfere   in 
 any   way   with   its   prompt   and   complete   performance   under   this   agreement;   and   ( iv )   the   person   execute   this   agreement   on   behalf   of   imntv   have 
 be   duly   authorize   to   do   so   and   such   execution   be   bind   upon   imntv . 
 imntv   will   defend ,   indemnify ,   and   hold   distributor   harmless   from   and   against   any   and   all   liability ,   claim ,   loss ,   cost ,   damage   and   expense 
 ( include   reasonable   attorney '   fee   and   court   cost )   ( collectively ,   " claim " )   relate   to   or   arise   out   of :   ( a )   imntv 's   breach   of   this   agreement; 
 ( b )   the   content   of   the   programming   ( e.g. ,   if   such   claim   allege   copyright   or   trademark   infringement   or   infringement   of   any   other   proprietary   right )   as 
 furnish   by   imntv   under   this   agreement   ( exclude   any   claim   to   the   extent   base   on   any   alteration   of   or   insertion   in   any   imntv   content   by 
 distributor   that   be   not   specifically   authorize   by   imntv   in   writing ) ,   imntv   mark   or   imntv   site;   ( c )   any   imntv   online   subscription   service ,   the 
 programming   with   the   mobile   subscription   product ,   or   imntv ’s   act   or   omission   with 

 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 respect   thereto   ( include   the   marketing   of   the   foregoing   by   imntv   and   exclude   any   claim   to   the   extent   base   on   any   alteration   of   or   insertion   in 
 any   programming   by   distributor);   ( d )   violation   by   imntv   of   any   contractual   obligation ,   include   payment   or   royalty ,   that   imntv   have   to   any 
 third   party;   ( e )   a   claim   that   the   programming   as   provide   by   imntv   do   not   comply   with   any   federal ,   state   and   local   law   and   regulation   that   be 
 applicable   to   distributor ’s   transmission   or   use   of   programming   as   permit   this   agreement;   or   ( f )   imntv   not   having   obtain   all   necessary 
 consent ,   license ,   permission   and   release   necessary   to   grant   distributor   the   right   imntv   grant   to   distributor   hereunder . 
 8.2   distributor   warranty   and   indemnification .   distributor   represent   and   warrant   to   imntv   that :   ( i )   distributor   be   an   entity   duly   organize   and   validly   exist 
 under   the   law   of   its   country   of   organization;   ( ii )   distributor   have   the   power   and   authority   to   enter   into   this   agreement   and   to   perform   fully   its   obligation   under 
 this   agreement;   ( iii )   distributor   be   under   no   contractual   or   other   legal   obligation   which   could   reasonably   be   expect   to   interfere   in   any   way   with   its   prompt   and 
 complete   performance   under   this   agreement;   and   ( iv )   the   person   execute   this   agreement   on   behalf   of   distributor   have   be   duly   authorize   to   do   so   and   such 
 execution   be   bind   upon   distributor .   distributor   will   defend ,   indemnify ,   and   hold   imntv   harmless   from   and   against   any   and   all   claim   relate   to   or   arise   out 
 of :   ( a )   the   marketing   by   distributor   of   the   programming   ( exclude   claim   to   the   extent   base   on   programming   or   other   content   provide   by   or   approve   by 
 imntv ) ,   or   any   subscription   product   which   include   any   programming ,   ( b )   any   claim   by   any   subscriber   concern   distributor ’s   operation   and   maintenance   of 
 the   subscription   product   ( except   for   content   claim   describe   in   section   9.1 ,   claim   concern   the   transmission   of   subscriber   information   to   imntv ,   or   the   use 
 of   subscriber   information   by   imntv   or   by   any   third   party   to   whom   imntv   have   disclose   such   information);   ( c )   distributor 's   alternation   of ,   or   insertion   of 
 material   ( include   commercial   advertisement )   in ,   any   programming ,   except   as   explicitly   authorize   in   each   case   in   writing   by   imntv;   and   ( d )   any   infringement   of 
 the   subscription   product   on   the   right   of   other   ( exclude   any   claim   to   the   extend   base   on   any   programming ) . 
 8.3   condition   of   indemnification .   a   party ’s   obligation   to   indemnify   the   other   party   be   expressly   condition   on   the   indemnify   party :   ( a )   give   write   notice   of 
 the   claim   promptly   to   the   indemnify   party;   ( b )   give   the   indemnify   party   control   of   the   defense   and   settlement   of   the   claim   utilize ,   if   necessary ,   legal 
 counsel   to   be   select   by   the   indemnify   party   upon   reasonable   approval   of   the   other   party;   ( c )   provide   to   the   indemnify   party   all   available   information   and 
 assistance   ( at   the   indemnify   party ’s   expense);   and   ( d )   not   compromise   or   settle   such   claim ,   without   the   other   party ’s   prior   write   consent   which   may   not 
 be   unreasonably   withhold . 
 8.4   disclaimer   of   warranty .   except   as   expressly   set   forth   herein ,   neither   party   make   any   warranty   or   representation 
 relate   to   the   subscription   product ,   or   the   likelihood   of   success   of   the   programming ,   the   mobile   ntent 
 product ,   or   any   bundle .   to   the   maximum   extent   permit   by   applicable   law ,   imntv   far   disclaim   all 
 warranty   in   the   subscription   product ,   include   without   limitation   any   imply   warranty   of 
 merchantability ,   fitness   for   a   particular   purpose ,   and   noninfringement . 
 8.5   limitation   of   liability .   no   party   will   be   liable   to   the   other   party   in   tort ,   contract   or   under   any   other   legal   theory 
 for   any   consequential ,   indirect ,   incidental ,   punitive   or   special   loss   or   damage   arise   out   of   this   agreement , 
 even   if   apprise   of   the   likelihood   of   such   damage   occur .   in   no   event   will   imntv ’s   liability   to   distributor 
 under   this   agreement   exceed   the   amount   actually   due   to   imntv   herein . 
 9 .   general 
 9.1   notice   and   contact   information .   all   notice   and   demand   under   this   agreement   will   be   in   writing   and   will   be   deliver   by   personal   service ,   express   courier ,   or 
 unite   state   mail ,   to   the   follow   address : 

 if   to   imntv : 
 independent   music   network 
 20   old   stagecoach   road 
 redding ,   ct   06896 
 usa 
 attention :   general   counsel 

 if   to   provider : 

 to   the   notice   contact   as   set   forth   in   section   a   of   the   agreement . 
 either   party   may   change   the   address   set   forth   above   by   write   notice   to   the   other   party .   notice   will   be   effective   on   receipt .   any   notice   or   report   deliver   in 
 accordance   with   this   section   will   be   deem   give   on   the   date   actually 

 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 delivered;   provide   that   any   notice   or   report   deem   give   or   due   on   a   saturday ,   sunday   or   legal   holiday   will   be   deem   give   or   due   on   the   next   business   day .   if 
 any   notice   or   report   be   deliver   to   any   party   in   a   manner   which   do   not   comply   with   this   section   9.1 ,   such   notice   or   report   will   be   deem   deliver   on   the   date , 
 if   any ,   such   notice   or   report   be   actually   receive   by   the   other   party . 

 9.2   non - assignment .   this   agreement   be   bind   upon   each   party 's   assign ,   transferee   and   successors;   provide   that   no   party   may   assign   or   otherwise   transfer ,   by 
 operation   of   law   or   otherwise ,   this   agreement   in   whole   or   in   part ,   without   the   other   party 's   prior   write   consent .   notwithstanding   the   prior   sentence ,   either   party 
 may   assign   this   agreement   in   its   entirety   without   the   other   party 's   consent   to   any   of   the   following :   ( i )   the   assignor 's   successor   in   a   consolidation   or   merger ,   ( ii )   the 
 assignor ’s   successor   in   an   acquisition   of   all   or   substantially   all   of   the   asset ,   equity   or   beneficial   interest   of   the   assignor ,   ( iii )   an   entity   under   common   control   with , 
 control   by   or   in   control   of   the   assignor ,   or   ( iv )   a   lender ,   as   an   assignment   of   collateral   to   secure   credit   extend   to   the   assignor .   the   assignor   will   give   the   other 
 party   write   notice   within   thirty   ( 30 )   day   of   any   assignment   describe   in   the   immediately   precede   sentence . 
 9.3   confidentiality .   the   party   acknowledge   that   confidential   information   be   valuable   and   unique   and   that   disclosure   in   breach   of   this   confidentiality   provision   will 
 result   in   irreparable   injury   to   its   owner .   from   the   effective   date   and   for   a   period   of   two   ( 2 )   year   from   the   date   of   termination   or   expiration   of   this   agreement , 
 neither   party   will   use ,   disclose ,   or   permit   any   person   to   obtain   any   confidential   information   of   the   other   party .   if   either   party   receive   a   request   from   any   third 
 party   for   the   confidential   information   of   the   other   party ,   or   if   such   party   be   direct   to   disclose   any   portion   of   any   confidential   information   of   the   other   party   by 
 operation   of   law   or   in   connection   with   a   judicial   or   governmental   proceeding   or   arbitration ,   it   will   immediately   notify   the   other   party   and   will   assist   the   other   party 
 in   seek   a   suitable   protective   order   or   assurance   of   confidential   treatment   to   preserve   the   confidentiality   of   any   such   confidential   information .   if   either   party 
 breach   or   threaten   to   breach   the   term   of   this   confidentiality   provision ,   the   non - breaching   party   will   be   entitle   to   an   injunction   prohibit   any   such   breach . 
 any   such   relief   will   be   in   addition   to   and   not   in   lieu   of   any   appropriate   relief   in   the   way   of   money   damage . 
 9.4   press   release   and   public   statement .   neither   party   will   issue   any   press   release   or   make   public   statement   relate   to   this   agreement   or   the   relationship 
 between   the   party   without   the   other   party ’s   review   of   and   write   consent   to   such   press   release   or   public   statement . 
 9.5   force   majeure .   no   party   shall   be   deem   in   default   hereunder   for   any   cessation ,   interruption   or   delay   in   the   performance   of   its   obligation   due   to   cause 
 beyond   its   reasonable   control ,   include   but   not   limit   to :   earthquake ,   flood ,   or   other   natural   disaster ,   act   of   god ,   labor   controversy ,   civil   disturbance ,   war 
 ( whether   or   not   officially   declare )   or   the   inability   to   obtain   sufficient   supply ,   transportation ,   or   other   essential   commodity   or   service   require   in   the   conduct   of 
 its   business ,   or   any   change   in   or   the   adoption   of   any   law ,   regulation ,   judgment   or   decree   ( each   a   " force   majeure   event " ) .   each   party   shall   have   the   right   to 
 terminate   this   agreement   immediately   upon   write   notice   if   any   force   majeure   event   of   another   party   continue   for   more   than   ten   ( 10 )   day . 
 9.6   miscellaneous .   this   agreement   and   exhibit   a ,   b ,   and   c   constitute   the   final   agreement   between   the   party   with   regard   to   the   subject   matter   herein ,   and 
 supersede   and   cancel   all   prior   negotiation ,   understanding ,   correspondence   and   agreement ,   oral   and   write ,   express   or   imply ,   between   the   party   with   regard 
 to   the   subject   matter   herein .   no   waiver ,   amendment   or   modification   of   any   provision   of   this   agreement   will   be   effective   unless   it   be   in   a   document   that   expressly 
 refer   to   this   agreement   and   be   sign   by   both   party .   failure   or   delay   by   either   party   in   exercise   any   right   or   remedy   under   this   agreement   will   not   operate   as   a 
 waiver   of   any   such   right   or   remedy .   the   party   be   independent   contractor .   neither   party   will   be   deem   to   be   an   employee ,   agent ,   partner   or   legal   representative 
 of   the   other   for   any   purpose   and   neither   will   have   any   right ,   power   or   authority   to   create   any   obligation   or   responsibility   on   behalf   of   the   other .   this   agreement 
 will   be   govern   by   the   law   of   the   state   of   florida   without   regard   to   conflict   of   law   provision . 

 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 exhibit   b 

 1 .   technical   requirement .   imntv   will   comply   with   the   follow   technical   requirement ,   as   applicable : 
 on   demand .   provider   will   provide   all   on - demand   medium   file   encode   in   the   format   appropriate   for   each   stream   type   ( e.g. ,   audio ,   video ,   animation   and   other   medium 
 file   type   as   they   become   support   and   as   imntv   may   then   elect   to   provide )   to   the   distributor   via   the   file   transfer   protocol   ( ftp ) . 
 2 .   live / stream   programming   ( as   applicable ) 
 2.1   prepare   content .   imntv   will   provide   distributor   with   the   url   for   each   live   or   simulate   live   stream   remotely   encode   by   imntv   use   the   convention 
 establish   by   both   party . 
 2.2   feed   delivery .   at   imntv ’s   election ,   imntv   will   deliver   live   feed   to   the   distributor   via   method   other   than   ftp   over   the   internet ,   include   delivery   of 
 physical   medium . 
 ( a )   general .   imntv   shall   take   the   appropriate   measure   to   ensure   that   all   live   or   simulate   live   feed   will   be   deliver   continuously   to   the   distributor   24 
 hour / day ,   7   day / week ,   except   for   schedule   maintenance .   if   any   feed   be   provide   to   distributor   use   transmission   method   that   be   proprietary   or   uncommon , 
 provider   agree   to   provide   -at   no   cost   --   the   receiver   equipment   to   distributor   and   to   allow   adequate   time   for   setup   and   testing   of   equipment   prior   to   delivery   of 
 live   content . 
 ( b )   encode .   imntv   will   encode   feed   to   be   deliver   to   distributor . 
 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 exhibit   c 
 programming   technical   specification 
 1 .   representation   of   programming 
 1.1   programming   presentation .   the   follow   be   requirement   for   all   programming : 
 ( a )   each   individual   item   of   programming   will   be   identify   with   a   programming   identification   code   ( " programming   i d " ) 
 ( b )   click   on   any   programming   will   instigate   an   " optimize "   presentation   as   follow : 
 ( i )  
 when   a   subscriber   select   the   programming ,   the   default   start - up   audio / video   sequence   for   the   presentation   will   start   play   in   the   playback   window   of 
 the   mobile   platform   software   ( " playback   window " ) . 
 2 .   policy   for   advertising   and   promotion   within   software 
 2.1   the   programming   will   have   a   imntv   identification   ( " imntv   i d " ) ,   which   be   similar   to   on - air   network   i d ,   which   be   play   each   time   the   programming   be 
 launch .   distributor   may   utilize   the   imntv   i d   in   the   distributor ’s   portal   for   promotional   purpose . 
 ( a )   the   imntv   i d   will   be   no   long   than   two   ( 2 )   to   five   ( 5 )   second   in   length ,   and   may   be   audio   and   real   flash   visual   medium   clip . 
 ( b )   all   imntv   id   will   be   host   and   serve   by   distributor . 
 ( c )   if   programming   be   currently   play ,   the   imntv   i d   can not   interrupt   the   stream 
 ( d )   if   any   advertisement   other   than   a   streaming   advertisement   be   schedule ,   the   imntv   i d   must   precede   it . 
 3 .   programming   design   guideline 
 3.1   the   initial   opening   of   imntv   i d   should   be   author   to   the   follow   standard : 
 ( a )   for   a   120   w   x   96h   video   space   ( without   scroll   bar )   subject   to   review   with   distributor   to   determine   suitability   for   distributor ’s   territory . 
 3.2   design   restriction .   the   follow   requirement   serve   to   ensure   a   consistent   subscriber   experience   across   all   programming . 
 ( a )   distributor   will   provide   imntv   with   page   size   and   load   time   goal   for   the   programming . 
 ( b )   bullet   point   describe   the   programming 
 ( c )   description   of   the   programming   that   correspond   with   each   bullet   point   and   elaborate   more   on   the   bullet   point 
 ( d )   link   to   the   provider ’s   privacy   policy 
 ( e )   link   to   the   provider ’s   term   of   use 
 ( f )   information   for   customer   service   and/or   technical   support   to   use   while   service   subscriber 
 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 

 exhibit   d 
 distribution   of   the   provider ’s   content   through   china   unicom   tianjin   branch 

 1 .   service   offering 

 a. 
 mobilevision   be   an   authorize   and   fully   license   service   provider   ( sp )   partner   who   provide   the   programming   and   support   the   underlie 
 technical   operation   of   the   streaming   service   for   china   unicom   tianjin . 

 b. 
 mobilevision   will   be   make   available   the   music   video   content   from   imntv   on   its   wap   portal   page   and   in   link   contain   in   its   wap 
 push   message   through   china   unicom   tianjin ’s   network . 

 2 .   term   of   service 

 a. 
 the   china   unicom   tianjin   streaming   medium   service   be   offer   as   a   pilot   commercial   program   without   charge   for   the   period   of   two   to   three 
 month .   imntv   agree   to   participate   in   this   pilot   program   by   provide   the   content   to   china   unicom   tianjin   via   mobilevision   without 
 charge   during   this   period . 

 b. 
 start   on   october   1 ,   2005 ,   china   unicom   tianjin   intend   to   charge   for   the   streaming   service .   the   revenue   sharing   and   payment   term 
 between   imntv   and   mobilevision   take   effect   start   on   the   same   date   of   commercial   service . 

 3 .   pricing   of   service 

 a. 
 tbd   subject   to   carrier ’s   pricing   policy   and   imntv   acceptance   of   term 
 source : global technology group , inc . , 10ksb , 9/28/2005