execution version 
 certain identify information have be exclude from the exhibit because it be both ( i ) not material and ( ii ) would likely cause 
 competitive harm to the company , if publicly disclose . double asterisk denote omission . 
 development agreement 
 this development agreement ( " this agreement " ) be enter into and effective as of september 30 , 2019 ( " effective 
 date " ) by and between howmedica osteonics corp . , a new jersey corporation , also know as stryker orthopaedic 
 ( " stryker " ) , and conformis , inc . , a delaware corporation have a principal place of business locate at 600 technology park 
 drive , billerica , ma 01821 ( " conformis " ) . stryker and conformis be collectively refer to herein as the " party " and 
 individually as a " party . " 
 whereas , the party be concurrently enter into an asset purchase agreement for stryker ’s purchase of certain 
 conformis asset concern patient - specific instrumentation ( " asset purchase agreement " ) , and a license agreement , a 
 distribution agreement and a quality agreement , as define in and attach to the asset purchase agreement ( collectively , such 
 agreement be refer to herein as the " other agreement " ) . 
 whereas , stryker and its affiliate have develop and commercialize an off - the - shelf knee implant offer under 
 the trademark triathlon . 
 whereas , conformis currently offer patient - specific instrumentation for use with its patient - specific implant , 
 include partial and total knee and hip arthroplasty . 
 whereas , stryker desire that conformis develop , in accordance with the r&d program , certain patient - specific 
 instrumentation to be use with the current version of the off - the - shelf knee implant offer under the trademark triathlon ( such 
 patient - specific instrumentation as so develop , the " kib product " ) . 
 therefore , in consideration of the mutual representation , warranty and covenant herein and in the other 
 agreement constitute good and valuable consideration , the receipt and sufficiency of which be hereby acknowledge , the party 
 hereby agree as follow : 
 article I 
 definition 
 1.1 definition . for purpose of this agreement , the follow term shall have the follow meaning , and to the extent 
 not define in this section or otherwise in this agreement , a term shall have the meaning ascribe to it in any of the other 
 agreement : 
 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 " acceptance " and " accept " have the meaning set forth in article 3.4 of this agreement . 
 " acceptance criterion " have the meaning set forth in the r&d work plan . 
 " acceptance notification period " have the meaning set forth in article 3.3 of this agreement . 
 " affiliate " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " agent " mean third party who be act under the direction or control of a party . 
 " applicable law " mean all applicable federal , state , local and foreign law , ordinance , rule , regulation , order , 
 writ , injunction and decree of any kind . 
 " asset purchase agreement " have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 " change of control " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " claim " have the meaning set forth in article 7.3(a ) of this agreement . 
 " confidential information " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " conformis background ip " mean any invention , and all intellectual property right underlie such invention , that is , 
 as of the effective date , own or licensable by conformis without cause a breach of , or incur any obligation to , a third 
 party , in each case to the extent necessary or reasonably useful to design , develop , manufacture , sell or otherwise exploit the kib 
 product , and for the avoidance of doubt , exclude the purchase asset , conformis foreground ip , stryker background ip , 
 improve stryker background ip and improve conformis background ip . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 " conformis foreground ip " mean any invention first develop by conformis after the closing date other than in the 
 performance of the r&d program , and all intellectual property right underlie such invention ( for the avoidance of doubt , 
 exclude any intellectual property right subsist prior to the closing date or generate in the performance of the r&d 
 program ) . for the avoidance of doubt , conformis foreground ip shall not include any invention use stryker confidential 
 information ( which shall not include the purchase asset for the purpose of the definition of conformis foreground ip ) or 
 stryker background ip . 
 " conformis indemnify party " have the meaning set forth in article 7.3(b ) of this agreement . 
 " conformis - prosecute joint ip right " have the meaning set forth in article 5.8 of this agreement . 
 " court " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " deliverable " have the meaning set forth under the r&d work plan . 
 " disclose party " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " distribution agreement " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " equipment " have the meaning set forth in article 5.6(a ) of this agreement . 
 " failure notice " have the meaning set forth in article 3.4 of this agreement . 
 " finally reject " have the meaning set forth in article 3.4 of this agreement . 
 " force majeure event " have the meaning set forth in article 10.4(a ) of this agreement . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 " improve conformis background ip " mean any invention to the extent first arise in the performance of the r&d 
 program , whether or not embody in the kib product , that constitute an improvement to conformis background ip , conformis 
 confidential information ( which shall not include any confidential information own or commonly own by stryker ) or the 
 purchase asset , and all intellectual property right underlie such invention ( but expressly exclude all transfer ip , 
 conformis foreground ip , conformis background ip and stryker background ip , and , for the avoidance of doubt , exclude all 
 intellectual property right subsist prior to the closing date ) . 
 " improve stryker background ip " mean any invention to the extent first arise in the performance of the r&d 
 program , whether or not embody in the kib product , that constitute an improvement to stryker background ip or any stryker 
 confidential information ( which shall not include the purchase asset for the purpose of this definition ) , and all intellectual 
 property right underlie such invention ( but expressly exclude all transfer ip , conformis foreground ip , conformis 
 background ip and stryker background ip , and , for the avoidance of doubt , exclude all intellectual property right subsist 
 prior to the closing date ) . 
 " insolvency event " mean , with respect to any party , the occurrence of any one of the follow event : 
 ( i ) an involuntary proceeding be commence against such party under any applicable united states bankruptcy , insolvency , 
 reorganization or other similar united state or foreign law now or hereafter in effect , or a proceeding be commence seek 
 appointment of a receiver , liquidator , assignee , custodian , trustee , sequestrator ( or other similar official ) for such party or for all or 
 any substantial part of its property and such proceeding shall not be dismiss within [ ] or an order for relief by a court of 
 competent jurisdiction shall be enter in any such proceeding; or 
 ( ii ) such party shall commence a voluntary proceeding under any applicable united states or foreign bankruptcy , insolvency , 
 reorganization or other similar law now or hereafter in effect , or shall consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary 
 case under any such law , or shall consent to the appointment of or take possession by a receiver , liquidator , 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 assignee , custodian , trustee , sequestrator ( or other similar official ) of such party or of all or any substantial part of its property , or 
 shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditor . 
 " intellectual property " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " invention " mean any idea , invention , discovery , know - how , datum , work of authorship , information , improvement , 
 technology , process , concept or material , whether or not patentable , copyrightable or protectable as a trade secret , and whether 
 or not reduce to practice or memorialize in writing . 
 " joint ci " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " joint ip " have the meaning set forth in article 5.1(c ) of this agreement . 
 " joint ip right " have the meaning set forth in article 5.8 of this agreement . 
 " kib product " have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 " kib product ip " mean any invention first arise in the performance of the r&d program , whether or not embody in 
 the kib product , and all intellectual property right underlie such invention ( but expressly exclude all transfer ip , 
 conformis background ip , stryker background ip , improved conformis background ip and improve stryker background ip , 
 and , for the avoidance of doubt , exclude all intellectual property right subsist prior to the closing date ) . 
 " license agreement " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " off - the - shelf implant " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 " off - the - shelf knee implant " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " other agreement " have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 " patent " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " patient - specific implant " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " patient - specific instrumentation " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " person " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " prior cda " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " purchase asset " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " receive party " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " redelivery period " have the meaning set forth in article 3.4 of this agreement . 
 " r&d program " mean work perform in the development of the kib product under this agreement pursuant to the 
 r&d work plan . 
 " r&d work plan " mean the research and development plan set forth in exhibit 1 . 
 " relevant indemnify party " mean ( a ) if stryker be the indemnified party , the stryker indemnify party and ( b ) if 
 conformis be the indemnified party , the conformis indemnify party . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 " representative " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " stryker background ip " mean any invention , and all intellectual property right underlie such invention , that is , as 
 of the effective date own or licensable by stryker without cause a breach of , or incur any obligation to , a third party , in 
 each case to the extent each such invention be ( a ) necessary or reasonably useful to design , develop , manufacture , sell and 
 otherwise exploit the kib product and ( b ) provide to conformis by or on behalf of stryker in connection with conformis ' 
 activity under this agreement , and , for the avoidance of doubt , exclude the transfer ip , conformis background ip , 
 improve conformis background ip and improve stryker background ip . 
 " stryker indemnify party " have the meaning set forth in article 7.3(a ) of this agreement . 
 " stryker - prosecute joint ip right " have the meaning set forth in article 5.8 of this agreement . 
 " termination notice " mean a write notice deliver by one party to the other party of its election to terminate this 
 agreement pursuant to article viii . 
 " third party " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " trademark " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " transfer ip " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " triathlon " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 
 " wire instruction " have the meaning set forth in the asset purchase agreement . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 article ii 
 research and development program 
 2.1 r&d work plan . the party agree to conduct the r&d program pursuant to the r&d work plan and to perform 
 their respective obligation therein . to the extent conformis ' performance under the r&d program be delay due to stryker ’s 
 delay in perform any of its obligation in accordance with the timeline in the r&d work plan , the applicable timeline shall be 
 deem extend by a period of time correspond to the length of such portion of the delay attributable to stryker , on a day - by- 
 day basis . the r&d work plan may be amend by mutual write agreement of the party from time to time . 
 2.2 agent or third party . to the extent work with agent or other third party be permit under the r&d work 
 plan , should a party wish to engage an agent or any other third party in connection with the r&d work plan or any other work 
 under this agreement , such party must obtain in advance a write agreement by such agent or other third party ( i ) to assign to 
 the party all invention conceive , create or generate by the agent or other third party , and ( ii ) to maintain all confidential 
 information in confidence as set forth in section 5.2 . 
 article iii 
 deliverable and completion 
 3.1 deliverable . subject to the remedy set forth in section 3.4 , conformis shall furnish stryker with the deliverable 
 as define in the r&d work plan , and stryker shall have the opportunity to analyze and test each deliverable for the purpose of 
 determine acceptance as set forth in the r&d work plan . each deliverable shall be deem to be complete once such 
 deliverable have be accept ( as define below ) . 
 3.2 free from infringement . without the consent of stryker , conformis shall not introduce any structure or 
 methodology in the deliverable ( include a deliverable within a product or a stryker product ) that ( 1 ) raise a colorable 
 argument of patent infringement in the manufacture , use , sale , offer for sale or importation of the deliverable as such deliverable 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 be intend to be exploit under the other agreement , ( 2 ) misappropriate any confidential information of any third party , or 
 ( 3 ) otherwise violate any intellectual property right of any third party . for clarity , disclosure of a matter on the disclosure 
 schedule to the asset purchase agreement shall not be deem consent by stryker under this section 3.2 . 
 3.3 completion . after a deliverable have be furnish to stryker , stryker ( or its agent designee ) will be entitle to 
 analyze and test the deliverable to determine if it operate in accordance with and otherwise conform to the applicable 
 acceptance criterion set forth in r&d work plan . conformis shall provide such assistance as stryker may reasonably request in 
 such determination . stryker shall have [ ] ( " acceptance notification period " ) follow the date the deliverable be receive by 
 stryker to accept or reject the deliverable as describe in section 3.4 . 
 3.4 acceptance or rejection . respect any deliverable for milestone 1 or milestone 2 , as set forth below , if 
 stryker determine that a deliverable operate in accordance with and otherwise conform to the applicable acceptance criterion 
 pursuant to the r&d work plan , then stryker will notify conformis in write that stryker accept such deliverable . if stryker 
 reasonably determine that a deliverable do not operate in accordance with or otherwise conform to the applicable acceptance 
 criterion , then stryker will provide conformis with a write notice of rejection within the acceptance notification period 
 describe the defect in view of the relevant acceptance criterion and include sufficient detail with respect to such stryker testing 
 and test result as conformis reasonably request ( " failure notice " ) . conformis shall have [ ] ( or such long period of time 
 as may be agree between the party in good faith should the scope and complexity of the applicable deliverable warrant some 
 long period of time ) ( " redelivery period " ) follow the date it receive the failure notice to correct and redeliver the 
 deliverable . if conformis timely deliver a correct version of the deliverable within the redelivery period , then stryker will be 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 entitle to repeat its acceptance analysis and testing process for the purpose of determine acceptance as set forth in the r&d 
 work plan until such deliverable operate in accordance with or otherwise conform to the applicable acceptance criteria; 
 provide , however , that if stryker properly reject a particular deliverable three ( 3 ) or more time in accordance with this article 
 iii , or if conformis fail to deliver a version or correct version , as the case may be , of the deliverable within any respective [ ] 
 period , stryker may , terminate this agreement in accordance with section 8.2(c ) ( in the event of such three ( 3 ) rejection , stryker 
 " finally reject " the deliverable ) . such termination , together with the provision of section 5.2 of the license agreement , 
 constitute as stryker ’s sole remedy and conformis ' exclusive liability in the event of any such rejection or failure by conformis to 
 deliver materially conform deliverable hereunder so long as such rejection or failure do not arise from conformis ' fraud , 
 willful misconduct , gross negligence or bad faith . stryker shall be deem to have accept a deliverable timely furnish to it 
 unless ( a ) the deliverable fail to operate in accordance with and otherwise conform the applicable acceptance criterion , and ( b ) 
 stryker provide conformis a write failure notice within the acceptance notification period in accordance with this section 
 3.4 ( any acceptance or deem acceptance , describe in this section 3.4 , " acceptance " or " accept " ) . acceptance of a 
 deliverable shall not constitute a waiver of any right stryker may have base on conformis ' warranty set forth in this 
 agreement . 
 3.5 payment for milestone . stryker shall pay to conformis the follow milestone payment for the development 
 work to be conduct hereunder if and when the following milestone be meet , as follow : 
 ( a ) milestone 1 - within thirty ( 30 ) day follow the date on which stryker receive the first prototype of the patient- 
 specific instrumentation deliver to it by conformis in accordance with the r&d work plan , stryker shall pay to conformis a 
 total of two million u.s . dollar ( 2,000,000); and 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 ( b ) milestone 2 - within thirty ( 30 ) day follow the date on which there be a design freeze of the patient - specific 
 instrumentation for the kib product in accordance with the r&d work plan , stryker shall pay to conformis a total of three 
 million u.s dollar ( 3,000,000 ) . 
 3.6 payment . stryker shall make all payment to conformis require herein by wire transfer in accordance with the wire 
 instruction . such payment be non - refundable and non - creditable except as set forth in the other agreement . 
 article iv 
 restrictive covenant 
 4.1 exclusivity . except as specifically provide in the distribution agreement , conformis shall be prohibit from 
 develop or assist another in develop , or cause another to develop , patient - specific instrumentation for off - the - shelf 
 knee implant for any third party in the field of orthopedic until january 1 , 2032 ( or early , to the extent set forth in section 
 2.3.3.4 or section 2.3.5 of the distribution agreement ) , with the exception that conformis ( include any entity involve in a 
 change of control of conformis , any such entity an " acquirer " ) , may develop patient - specific instrumentation for any off - the- 
 shelf implant of conformis , an acquirer or any of their affiliate . for purpose of clarity , the foregoing do not prevent 
 conformis from grant any license , release , covenant not to sue or other immunity to any third party under any patent , include 
 any such immunity that would authorize manufacture , use or sale of patient - specific instrumentation for off - the - shelf knee 
 implant outside the buyer field . 
 article v 
 intellectual property 
 5.1 invention . 
 ( a ) inventorship of all invention develop by either party , or both party , in the performance of the r&d program , shall 
 be determine in accordance with the inventorship law of the united states , even to the extent such invention be not pursue in 
 patent application . 
 ( b ) all right , title and interest in and to the improved stryker background ip will vest solely in stryker . conformis agree 
 to assign and hereby assign to stryker all right , title and interest in and to all improve stryker background ip in which ownership 
 in same have vest in 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 conformis by operation of law or by assignment by its employee or consultants; and to facilitate such assignment to stryker , 
 conformis agrees ( i ) to regularly ensure that its employee and consultant timely make any appropriate assignment to it of that 
 which constitute improve stryker background ip , and ( ii ) at stryker ’s reasonable request , to execute and have its employee 
 and consultant execute , as necessary , all assignment and any other documentation necessary to perfect title in stryker of such 
 improve stryker background ip . 
 ( c ) all right , title and interest in and to the improved conformis background ip and kib product ip ( " joint ip " ) shall be 
 own jointly by the party . subject to the limitation set forth in this agreement , the joint ip may be use freely by either party or 
 its affiliate and license to third party by conformis and its affiliate , on the one hand , outside of the buyer field or by stryker 
 and its affiliate , on the other hand , within the buyer field , in each case , without the consent of , or duty to account to or notify , the 
 other party , but , except with respect to external license of the improved conformis background ip by conformis or its affiliate 
 to third party , any external third party license shall be govern in accordance with the last sentence of section 4.3(c ) of the 
 apa . each party to whom ownership be to vest in joint ip by operation of law or by assignment by its employee or agent agree 
 to assign and hereby assign to the other party an undivided one - half right , title and interest in and to all joint ip; and to facilitate 
 such assignment , the party possess such ownership agree ( i ) to regularly ensure that its employee and consultant timely make 
 any appropriate assignment to it; and ( ii ) at the other party ’s reasonable request , to execute and have its employee and 
 consultant execute , as necessary , all assignment and any other documentation to perfect the undivided one - half right , title and 
 interest in and to the other party of such joint ip . 
 ( d ) notwithstanding anything to the contrary , the foregoing do not constitute either ( 1 ) the grant by conformis to stryker 
 of any license or immunity of any kind with respect to the conformis background ip or conformis foreground ip , regardless of 
 the extent to which the joint ip constitute improvement to the conformis background ip or conformis foreground ip , ( 2 ) the 
 grant by stryker to conformis of any license or immunity of any kind with respect to the stryker background ip , or ( 3 ) the grant 
 by either party of any license or immunity of any kind under any intellectual property right own by such party , regardless of 
 whether the exploitation of the joint ip would infringe such intellectual property right . neither party shall assign a partial interest in 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 the joint ip or joint ip right to any affiliate or third party ( i.e. , neither party shall create any additional joint owner of the joint 
 ip ) , but each party may assign all of its right , title and interest in and to the joint ip and joint ip right to an affiliate or third party 
 pursuant to and in accordance with section 10.2 . 
 ( e ) conformis shall promptly disclose to stryker all ( i ) improve stryker background ip , and ( ii ) joint ip . stryker shall 
 promptly disclose to conformis all joint ip . 
 ( f ) to the extent require and for the avoidance of doubt , stryker hereby grants conformis , and conformis hereby 
 accept , a non - exclusive license to the stryker background ip and improve stryker background ip solely for purpose of 
 perform any obligation under this agreement and the distribution agreement . 
 5.2 confidential information . the provision of section 4.3(a)-(i ) of article 4 of the apa be incorporate herein as if 
 fully set forth herein . 
 5.3 maintenance of record . each party shall prepare and maintain complete and accurate record concern all 
 invention for the purpose of document any possible intellectual property right arise under this agreement . 
 5.4 no other right . 
 ( a ) conformis acknowledge and agree that , as between the party , stryker own all right , title and interest , include all 
 intellectual property right , within the stryker background ip and stryker ’s confidential information , include any stryker 
 confidential information underlie the joint ip , and that , under this agreement , except as expressly set forth herein , conformis 
 shall acquire no right , title , or interest in or to any of the foregoing , or any other intellectual property right that be own or 
 control by stryker , by implication , estoppel or otherwise . 
 ( b ) stryker acknowledge and agree that , as between the party , conformis own all right , title and interest , include all 
 intellectual property right , in and to conformis background ip and conformis ' confidential information , include any conformis 
 confidential information underlie the joint ip , and that , under this agreement , stryker shall acquire no right , title , or interest in or 
 to any of the foregoing or any other intellectual property right that be own or control by conformis , by implication , estoppel 
 or otherwise . 
 5.5 employee and consultant . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 ( a ) conformis shall ensure that all its employee , consultant , agent or other third party who perform any portion of 
 conformis ' r&d program obligation under this agreement have enter into write agreement with conformis whereby such 
 employee , consultant , agent or other third party assign to conformis all ownership right in any invention make or develop 
 by such employee , consultant , agent or third party in the course of such r&d program work under this agreement . 
 ( b ) stryker shall ensure that all its affiliate and its or their employee , consultant , agent or other third party who perform any 
 portion of stryker ’s r&d program obligation under this agreement have enter into write agreement with stryker whereby 
 such employee , consultant , agent or third party assign to stryker all ownership right in any invention make or develop by 
 such employee , consultant , agent or third party in the course of such r&d program work under this agreement . 
 5.6 tangible property . 
 ( a ) all tooling , pattern , die , gauge , job , fixture , and all specification , drawing , sample , design , software , firmware , 
 program , formulae , and other tangible item ( " equipment " ) furnish by stryker to conformis in connection with this 
 agreement : ( i ) shall only be use in the performance of the r&d program; ( ii ) shall remain the property of stryker; and ( iii ) shall 
 be dispose of or return in good repair , normal wear and tear except , by conformis to stryker at stryker ’s direction and 
 expense upon stryker ’s request . conformis assume risk of loss and damage to say item while in its possession or under its 
 control , subject to normal wear and tear . conformis shall notify stryker promptly whenever any item of stryker ’s tangible 
 property be in need of repair or replacement . stryker shall endeavor to mark its property as property of stryker for 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 use only under this agreement . conformis waive any right it may have in law or equity to withhold stryker ’s property . 
 ( b ) all equipment furnish by conformis to stryker in connection with this agreement : ( i ) shall only be use in the performance 
 of the r&d program; ( ii ) shall remain the property of conformis; and ( iii ) shall be dispose of or return in good repair , normal 
 wear and tear except , by stryker to conformis at conformis ' direction and expense upon conformis ' request . stryker assume 
 risk of loss and damage to say item while in its possession or under its control , subject to normal wear and tear . stryker shall 
 notify conformis promptly whenever any item of conformis ' tangible property be in need of repair or replacement . conformis 
 shall endeavor to mark its property as property of conformis for use only under this agreement . stryker waif any right it may 
 have in law or equity to withhold conformis ' property . 
 5.7 trademark . nothing in this agreement shall confer to any party any right , whether by way of ownership , license or 
 right to use , in any of the trademark of any other party . conformis shall not use the trademark of stryker without stryker ’s 
 prior write consent and stryker shall not use the trademark of conformis without conformis ' prior write consent . 
 5.8 prosecution of patent right . stryker shall be solely responsible , in its sole discretion , for prepare , filing , 
 prosecute and maintain patent arise from all improve stryker background ip . stryker shall be solely responsible for cost 
 and expense of prepare , filing , prosecute and maintain any such patent . stryker shall have the first right to prepare , file , 
 prosecute and maintain patent or copyright arise from any joint ip that be not improve conformis background ip ( " stryker- 
 prosecute joint ip right " ) . conformis shall have the first right to prepare , file , prosecute and maintain patent or copyright 
 arise from any improve conformis background ip ( " conformis - prosecute joint ip right " , and together with the stryker- 
 prosecute joint ip right , " joint ip right " ) . with respect to joint ip right , the non - prosecuting party will have the right , but 
 not the obligation , to review and comment , and have the comment reasonably consider by the prosecute party , with regard to 
 the filing , prosecution , 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 and maintenance of the joint ip right . in this regard , the prosecute party agree to provide reasonable time for the non- 
 prosecute party to review and comment prior to any deadline associate with such patent . conformis and stryker shall be 
 equally responsible for cost and expense of prepare , filing , prosecute and maintain any such joint ip right . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , in the event that the applicable party decide not to file at all or not to file a continue or other 
 application to maintain the viability of the u.s part of a family of patent to which an application belong , or decide to abandon or 
 discontinue the prosecution or maintenance of any of the joint ip right , such party shall notify the other party thereof , and such 
 other party may elect to continue the prosecution ( include non - provisional application and pct entry ) or maintenance of such 
 joint ip right at its sole expense and in the name(s ) of both stryker and conformis . the provision of section 5.1(c ) and 5.1(d ) 
 and this section 5.8 shall run with the joint ip , and each party shall ensure that any assignee of its interest in the joint ip expressly 
 assume in write such provision . any party pursue patent application in accordance with this section 5.8 may disclose 
 confidential information in patent application to the extent necessary to provide requisite support for claim therein , provide 
 however , the non - prosecuting party will have the right , but not the obligation , to review and comment on the scope and content of 
 the propose disclosure , include the propose disclosure of confidential information , prior to submission of the first disclosure of 
 same in any such patent application , and have the comment reasonably consider by the prosecute party . in this regard , the 
 prosecute party agree to provide reasonable time for the non - prosecuting party to review and comment prior to any such 
 submission associate with such patent . 
 5.9 infringement and defense . 
 ( a ) each party may in its sole discretion enforce the patent or other intellectual property right it solely own pursuant to 
 this agreement , as well as to defend against any assertion of invalidity , unenforceability or ownership of such patent . 
 ( b ) the party shall confer and consult with respect to dispute with third party respect the infringement , validity , 
 enforceability or ownership of any joint ip , include the settlement thereof . such consultation shall be for the purpose of 
 determine the good approach within such action and neither party shall take any action to enforce or defend any joint ip without 
 the other party ’s prior write consent . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 5.10 publicity . neither party shall issue any press release or otherwise publicize this agreement or the development work 
 to be conduct hereunder , except in accordance with section 4.2 of the apa . 
 article vi 
 representation and warranty 
 6.1 representation , warranty and covenant . each party hereby represent and warrant to , and covenant with , 
 each other party that : 
 ( a ) due organization . good standing and power . it be a corporation duly organize , validly exist and in good standing under 
 the law of its jurisdiction of organization and have the power and authority to own , lease and operate its asset and to conduct the 
 business now be conduct by it . it have all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this agreement and to perform 
 its obligation hereunder . 
 ( b ) authorization and validity of agreement . the execution , delivery and performance by it of this agreement and the 
 consummation by it of the transaction contemplate hereby have be duly authorize and approve by all necessary corporate 
 or equivalent action on its part . this agreement have be duly execute and deliver by it and constitute its legal , valid and 
 binding obligation , enforceable against it in accordance with its term , except as the same may be limit by applicable 
 bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , moratorium or other applicable law relate to or affect creditor ’ right generally and 
 by general equity principle . 
 ( c ) absence of conflict . the execution , delivery and performance by it of this agreement and the consummation by it of the 
 transaction contemplate hereby do not and will not : 
 ( i ) violate any applicable law , regulation , order , writ , injunction or decree of any governmental , judicial , legislative , 
 executive , administrative or regulatory 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 authority of the united states or any foreign country or of any state or local governmental authority; 
 ( ii ) conflict with , or result in the breach of any provision of , its certificate or article of incorporation , bylaw or equivalent 
 organizational documents; 
 ( iii ) result in the creation of any lien or encumbrance of any nature upon any property be transfer or license by it 
 pursuant to this agreement; or 
 ( iv ) violate , conflict with , result in the breach or termination of or constitute a default under ( or event which with notice , lapse of 
 time or both would constitute a default under ) , any permit , contract or agreement to which it be a party or by which any of its 
 property or business be bind . 
 ( d ) consent . no authorization , consent or approval of , or notice to or file with , any governmental authority be require for the 
 execution , delivery and performance by it of this agreement , other than those associate with obtain require regulatory 
 approval as contemplate hereby . 
 ( e ) employee and consultant obligation . each of its employee , consultant and agent who will engage in activity on behalf of 
 a party under the r&d work plan , or who will have access to confidential information , be contractually obligate , or will be 
 contractually obligate prior to his / her participation or access , to ( i ) assign to the party all intellectual property right conceive , 
 make or discover by such employee or agent , whether solely or in collaboration with other , in connection with such 
 employee ’s , consultant ’s or agent ’s work for the party , and ( ii ) maintain the confidentiality of the confidential information . to the 
 extent applicable , it be the intent of the party that ownership of all development under this agreement shall vest in the respective 
 party by operation of law or by assignment prior to assignment to the other party pursuant to article v. 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 ( f ) debarment . no employee , consultant or agent who will engage in activity on behalf of such party under the r&d 
 work plan , or who will have access to confidential information of the other party , have be the subject of a debarment proceeding 
 under 21 u.s.c . § 335a , and have be exclude from participation in any federal or state or other government health care 
 program . 
 6.2 except as expressly provide elsewhere in this agreement , include the 
 requirement in the r&d work plan , conformis make no warranty with respect to the 
 service or deliverable furnish hereunder , and no warranty of any kind , whether 
 write , oral , imply or statutory , include warranty of merchantability , non- 
 infringement or fitness for a particular purpose , shall apply . 
 article vii 
 limitation on liability and indemnification 
 7.1 responsibility and control . each party shall be solely responsible for the safety of its own employee , agent and 
 subcontractor with respect to their activity relate to this agreement . 
 7.2 limitation of liability . except for [ ] , in no event will either party be liable to the 
 other party for [ ] , even if such party be advise or aware of the possibility of such 
 damage . conformis ' liability on a per occurrence basis under section 7.3(a)(iv ) shall not 
 exceed the great of ( i ) [ ] and ( ii ) the amount of insurance coverage actually pay to 
 conformis under then - current insurance policy of conformis in respect of such 
 damage . for the purpose of this section 7.2 , " per occurrence " mean the occurrence of any claim or series of claim 
 directly arise out of or result from the same act , omission or event . 
 7.3 mutual indemnification . 
 ( a ) indemnification by conformis . conformis shall indemnify and hold harmless stryker , its director , officer , employee , agent 
 and affiliate and 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 their respective successor , heir and assign ( collectively the " stryker indemnify party " ) against any and all claim , suit , 
 action , and demand , wherever bring and however denominate , bring by a third party ( all of the foregoing be refer 
 to herein as " claim " ) against the stryker indemnify party include all damage , collateral damage and settlement arise 
 therefrom and reasonable outside attorney ’ fee and litigation expense relate thereto , to the extent arise from or relate to ( i ) 
 any breach of conformis ' representation , warranty or obligation under this agreement , ( ii ) any allege violation of any 
 applicable law by conformis , ( iii ) the negligence ( exclude any product liability claim ) , gross negligence or intentionally 
 wrongful act or omission of conformis , its employee , consultant , agent and affiliate in their performance hereunder , and ( iv ) 
 any portion of a claim allege personal injury on account of product liability attributable to a deliverable ( include a deliverable 
 within a product or a stryker product ) . conformis shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any claim under section 
 7.3(a)(iii ) or section 7.3(a)(iv ) to the extent directly arise out of or relate to : ( 1 ) any use of the product in any manner not in 
 accordance with applicable documentation ( e.g. , instruction for use , package insert , label , surgical guide and other material 
 provide by or approve by conformis ) that be not a result of conformis ' conduct; ( 2 ) damage to the product occur after 
 shipment that be not a result of conformis ' conduct; or ( 3 ) any modification to the product that be not contemplate by the 
 instruction for use thereto by any person other than supplier and that be not a result of conformis ' conduct . notwithstanding 
 anything to the contrary , stryker ’s sole remedy and conformis ' exclusive liability for breach of section 3.2 with respect to a 
 product or a stryker product shall be as set forth in section 10.1(i ) of the distribution agreement . 
 ( b ) indemnification by stryker . stryker shall indemnify and hold harmless conformis , its director , officer , employee , agent 
 and 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 affiliate and their respective successor , heir and assign ( collectively the " conformis indemnify party " ) against any and 
 all claim against the conformis indemnify party to the extent arise from or relate to ( i ) any breach of stryker ’s 
 representation or warranty under this agreement , ( ii ) any allege violation of any applicable law by stryker , and ( iii ) the 
 grossly negligent or intentionally wrongful act or omission of stryker , its employee , consultant , agent and affiliate in their 
 performance hereunder . 
 ( c ) joint liability . to the extent that stryker , on the one hand , and conformis , on the other hand , each have indemnification 
 obligation to the other in connection with a single claim , they will contribute to the aggregate damage , liability , cost and 
 expense arise from such claim in a proportion reflect the relative and comparative responsibility and determined liability of 
 the party for such damage , liability , cost and expense , as well as any other relevant equitable consideration . the amount 
 pay or payable by a party for purpose : of apportion the aggregate damage , liability , cost and expense shall be deem to 
 include all reasonable legal fee and expense incur by such party in connection with investigate , prepare for or defend 
 against such claim . 
 ( d ) indemnification procedure . claim for indemnification under this agreement shall be govern by the indemnification 
 procedure set forth in section 5.5 of the asset purchase agreement . 
 ( e ) settlement . if the indemnify party assume the defense of a claim , no compromise or settlement of such claim may be 
 effect by the indemnify party without the indemnified party consent unless : ( a ) there be no finding or admission of any violation 
 of applicable requirement or any violation of the right of any person by the indemnified party and no effect on any other claim 
 that may be make against the indemnified party , ( b ) the sole relief provide be 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 monetary damage that be pay in full by the indemnify party and ( c ) such settlement include as an unconditional release of 
 liability by such third party claimant in respect of all indemnify person . 
 article viii 
 term and termination 
 8.1 term . the term of this agreement shall begin as of the effective date and continue until acceptance of all deliverable 
 for milestone 1 and 2 pursuant to section 3.4 and completion of milestone 3 , unless early terminate under section 8.2 , as 
 provide for under the other agreement , or as mutually agree by the party . 
 8.2 termination . 
 ( a ) dissolution or insolvency event . either party may terminate this agreement effective immediately upon delivery of a 
 termination notice if the other party be ( a ) dissolve or be seek to dissolve itself under applicable corporate law other than as 
 part of a corporate restructuring under which its asset be first transfer to an assignee under this agreement in accordance 
 with section 10.2; or ( b ) ( i ) become subject to an insolvency event , provide that , no termination right shall exist in respect of an 
 insolvency event that be a chapter 11 case under the bankruptcy code if the party subject to such chapter 11 case ( x ) continue 
 to perform all of its material obligation under this agreement , ( y ) do not seek to reject this agreement or take any action in 
 such chapter 11 case to disavow or undermine the right of the other party under this agreement , and ( z ) assume this agreement 
 on or before any deadline in such chapter 11 case for such assumption; notwithstanding the foregoing , nothing herein shall limit or 
 prevent the party not subject to an insolvency event from object to assumption or assumption and assignment of this 
 agreement or require cure payment or adequate assurance 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 of future performance as a condition of assumption or assumption and assignment . 
 ( b ) default . if any party believe the other be in material breach of any of its material obligation under this agreement in a 
 manner other than as set forth in article iii to which this section 8.2(b ) do not apply , it may give notice of such material breach 
 to the allegedly breach party , which party shall have [ ] ( or such long period of time as may be reasonably commensurate 
 with the effort reasonably require to remedy such default ) in which to remedy such default . if such allege material breach be not 
 remedied in the time period set forth above , the party allege material breach shall refer the matter to the chief executive officer 
 of each party , who shall meet and confer within [ ] after notice from the non - breaching party of its desire for such a meeting . if 
 the party be unable to resolve any dispute in such meeting and no action have be bring in accordance with section 10.8 
 with respect to such dispute , the non - breaching party may terminate this agreement immediately upon delivery to the defaulting 
 party of a termination notice . the non - defaulting party ’s right to terminate this agreement in accordance with this section 8.2(b ) 
 shall not be construe as an exclusive remedy . 
 ( c ) if stryker finally reject any deliverable for milestone 1 or 2 in accordance with article iii , stryker may terminate 
 this agreement , which termination shall be effective immediately upon delivery of a termination notice to conformis . 
 8.3 survive right / obligation . 
 ( a ) the provision of article v , vi , vii and ix and section 8.3 , 8.4 , 10.1 , 10.2 , 10.5 - 10.13 and 10.15 , together with 
 any provision require for the interpretation or enforcement of any of the foregoing , shall survive the termination or expiration of 
 this agreement , provide , however that section 7.3(a)(iv ) shall survive the termination or expiration of this agreement for only 
 [ ] thereafter . the termination of this agreement shall not relieve any party from obligation that be expressly indicate to survive 
 termination of the agreement . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 8.4 return or destruction of confidential information . solely with respect to confidential information in which a 
 party have no ownership interest at all , own or co - own confidential information be exempt herefrom , upon termination of 
 this agreement , unless independently authorize to retain such of the disclosing party ’s confidential information under an other 
 agreement , each receive party shall , and shall direct its representative to , cease all use and make no further use of any 
 confidential information of the disclosing party and shall , upon write request from the disclosing party , promptly return or 
 destroy all confidential information of the disclosing party ( include copy thereof ) that be in tangible form ( provide , however , 
 that , with respect to electronic imaging of the disclosing party 's confidential information , such material shall be delete and 
 remove from access by an ordinary user from all computer hard drive , server and similar medium but shall not require any action 
 to delete or erase such material from any disaster recovery tape or other back - up medium or any record retention or computer 
 storage system so long as the receive party and its representative take such action as be reasonably likely to prevent access 
 to such material by any person other than information technology and other administrative employee who be responsible for 
 maintain those disaster recovery tape and other back - up medium ) and any document create by the receive party or any of 
 its representative contain confidential information of the disclosing party . the receive party shall provide to the disclosing 
 party write certification of destroy confidential information of the disclosing party promptly follow the destruction thereof . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , the receive party and its representative may retain one copy of any confidential information of 
 the disclosing party in a secure location in the receive party 's legal department for the purpose of establish compliance with 
 applicable law ( include professional standard ) and for defend or maintain any litigation ( include any administrative 
 proceeding ) relate to this agreement , the other agreement , the prior cda or the confidential information , provide that all such 
 information shall continue to be keep confidential pursuant to the term of this agreement . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 article ix 
 record - keeping and audit 
 9.1 record retention . each of the party shall record in write or electronic form all material information with respect 
 to the performance of its obligation relate to the r&d program in accordance with standard industry practice . 
 article x 
 miscellaneous 
 10.1 agency . neither this agreement nor any of the other agreement create any partnership , agency or other 
 relationship among the party for any purpose , include for all tax purpose . no party be grant any right or authority to assume 
 or to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf or in the name of the other party or to bind the other party in any manner 
 whatsoever . 
 10.2 assignment and change of control . except as otherwise provide herein , a party shall not have the right to 
 assign any of its right or obligation under this agreement ( whether through a merger , sale of stock , or otherwise ) without the 
 prior write consent of the other party; except that , either party shall be permit , without any need for the other party ’s 
 consent , to assign this agreement ( a ) in whole or in part to an affiliate ( provide , however , that once such person be no long an 
 affiliate of the assign party , such former affiliate shall assign this agreement back to the assign party ) , provide that the 
 assign party provide the other party notice of any such assignment provide far that failure to provide such notice of such 
 assignment shall not render such assignment void; or ( b ) to a third party in connection with sale or transfer of all or substantially all 
 of the assign party ’s business or asset relate to the subject matter of this agreement , whether by change of control , merger , 
 sale of asset or otherwise; provide , however , that , with respect to clause ( b ) , ( i ) any assignment of this agreement shall be void 
 and have no effect unless and until the assignee assume the 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 obligation of the assign party in a write instrument , a copy of which be provide to the other party; and ( ii ) any assignment of 
 this agreement must be accompany by a simultaneous assignment of the other agreement to the same assignee , and the 
 assign party ’s interest in the purchase asset to the same assignee unless otherwise agree by conformis in advance , which 
 agreement shall not be unreasonably withhold . any assignment in whole or in part shall not relieve the assign party of its 
 obligation hereunder . if and to the extent that a party assign any of its right and/or obligation hereunder in accordance with this 
 section 10.2 , then this agreement shall be bind upon the assignee to the same extent as if it be a party hereto . any 
 assignment not in accordance with this section 10.2 shall be void . 
 10.3 further action . each party agree , subsequent to the execution and delivery of this agreement and without any 
 additional consideration , to execute , acknowledge and deliver such further document and instrument , and to do all such other 
 act , as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purpose and intent of this agreement . 
 10.4 force majeure . 
 ( a ) in the event that either party be unable to perform any of its obligation under this agreement , or to enjoy any of its 
 benefit because of fire , natural disaster , action or decree of governmental entity or any other event not within such party ’s 
 reasonable control ( a " force majeure event " ) , the party who have be so affected shall give write notice to the other party as 
 soon as practicable and shall do everything reasonably possible to resume performance . upon receipt of such notice , all 
 obligation under the agreement shall be immediately suspend . if the period of nonperformance exceed [ ] from the receipt 
 of notice of the force majeure event , the party whose ability to perform have not be so affected may , by give write notice , 
 terminate the agreement . any acceptance or warranty period affect by a force majeure event shall likewise be extend for a 
 period equal to the duration of such force majeure event . as apply to this section 10.4 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 and to determine whether an event be reasonably beyond control of a party , material shortage , strike , slowdown , other labor 
 relate delay or event result from a party ’s , its affiliate or their respective agent ' negligence , gross negligence , fraud or 
 intentional misconduct be not force majeure event . 
 ( b ) notwithstanding the provision set forth in section 10.4(a ) , above , a force majeure event shall not include any 
 governmental action of an enforcement nature that arise from or relate to either party ’s failure to comply with any federal , 
 national , state , provincial , international , or local law , statute , regulation or ordinance applicable to such party ’s performance 
 hereunder . 
 10.5 notice . all notice , request , demand , waiver , instruction , consent and other communication to be give 
 pursuant to the term of this agreement will be in writing and will be deem to have be duly give upon receipt if deliver by 
 hand , send by a nationally recognize overnight mail service , or mail by registered or certify mail , return receipt request , 
 postage prepay : 
 if to stryker , address to : 
 howmedica osteonics corp . 
 c / o 
 stryker corporation 
 attn : legal department , [ ] 
 325 corporate drive 
 mahwah , nj 07430 
 if to conformis , address to : 
 conformis , inc . 
 attn : chief executive officer and 
 general counsel 
 600 technology park drive 
 billerica , ma 01821 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 wilmerhale 
 attn : jason kropp , esq . 
 60 state street 
 boston , ma 02109 
 any party may change its address , telephone number , or facsimile number by prior write notice to the other party . 
 10.6 amendment and waiver . this agreement may not be modify or amend except by an instrument or 
 instrument in write sign by the party against whom enforcement of any such modification or amendment be seek . conformis 
 may waive compliance by stryker or stryker may waive compliance by conformis with any term or provision of this agreement 
 on the part of such party to be perform or comply with , but only by an instrument in writing . the waiver by any party of a 
 breach of any term or provision of this agreement will not be construe as a waiver of any subsequent breach . 
 10.7 governing law . this agreement shall be govern and construe in accordance with the law of new york state 
 ( without regard to the conflict of law provision thereof ) . 
 10.8 jurisdiction . subject to section 10.14 , the federal and state court of new york state shall have exclusive 
 jurisdiction to hear and decide any suit , action or proceeding , and to settle any dispute , which may arise out of or in connection 
 with this agreement; provide , however , that each party shall have the right to institute judicial proceeding in any court of 
 competent jurisdiction against the other party or anyone act by , through or under the other party , in order to enforce an order 
 enter by federal state court of new york . each party shall cause its applicable permit third party sublicensee and 
 affiliate receive any right or benefit ( include the receipt of any confidential information ) under this agreement to be bind 
 by this section 10.8 prior to their exercise of any such right or receipt of any such benefit . if such party fail to comply with the 
 forego sentence 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 with respect to any such third party or affiliate , the other party shall have the right to seek relief in any court of competent 
 jurisdiction in connection with any dispute involve such third party or affiliate . 
 10.9 severability . the provision of this agreement shall be deem severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of 
 any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provision hereof . if any term or other provision of this 
 agreement , or the application thereof to any person or any circumstance , be invalid , illegal or unenforceable by a court of 
 competent jurisdiction , ( a ) a suitable and equitable provision shall be substitute therefor in order to carry out , so far as may be 
 valid and enforceable , the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision and ( b ) the remainder of this agreement 
 and the application of such provision to other person or circumstance shall not be affect by such invalidity , illegality or 
 unenforceability , nor shall such invalidity , illegality or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision , or the 
 application thereof , in any other jurisdiction . 
 10.10 entire agreement and third - party beneficiary . this agreement ( include the other agreement ) contain 
 the entire agreement by and among the party with respect to the subject matter hereof and there be no agreement , 
 understanding , representation or warranty between the party other than those set forth or refer to herein . this agreement 
 be not intend to confer upon any person not a party ( or their successor and assign permit by section 10.2 ) , and to the 
 extent expressly provide , their affiliate , agent , employee and representative , any right or remedy hereunder , except that 
 section 7.3(a ) and section 7.3(b ) hereof be intend to benefit , and to be enforceable by , any of the relevant indemnified 
 party therein describe . 
 10.11 jointly prepare . this agreement have be prepare jointly and shall not be strictly construe against any party . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 10.12 expense . except as otherwise set forth in this agreement and the other agreement , all legal and other cost and 
 expense incur in connection with this agreement and the transaction contemplate hereby will be pay by the party incur 
 such cost and expense . 
 10.13 counterpart and electronic transmission . this agreement may be execute in one or more counterpart , all 
 of which will be consider one and the same agreement , and will become effective when one or more counterpart have be 
 sign by each of the party and deliver to the other party . this agreement may be execute and deliver by facsimile or e- 
 mail transmission with the same effect as if a manually sign original be personally deliver . 
 10.14 negotiation in event of dispute . in the event of any dispute or disagreement between any of the party as to 
 the interpretation of any provision of this agreement or any agreement incorporate herein , the performance of obligation 
 hereunder or thereunder , or any other dispute matter relate hereto or thereto , such matter , upon the write request of any 
 party , will be refer to an executive of each party . such executive will promptly meet in good faith to resolve the dispute . if the 
 executive do not agree upon a decision within thirty calendar day after the reference of the matter to they , any party will be free 
 to exercise any remedy available to it . 
 10.15 rule of construction . as use in this agreement , the word " include " , " include " and " include " mean 
 " include without limitation " , and no inference or conclusion of any sort shall be draw from the fact that in some instance in 
 this agreement the word " include " , " include " and " include " be actually follow by the phrase " without limitation " or the 
 equivalent while in other instance they be not . except where the context expressly require otherwise , the use of any gender 
 herein will be deem to encompass reference to any gender , and the use of the singular will be deem to include the plural ( and 
 vice versa ) . 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 [ signature page follow ] 

 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 in witness whereof , the party have cause this development agreement to be duly execute as of the respective 
 date write below . 
 howmedica osteonics corp . 
 conformis , inc . 
 by : 
 /s/ spencer stile 
 by : 
 /s/ mark a. augusti 
 name : 
 spencer stile 
 name : 
 mark a. augusti 
 title : 
 president 
 title : 
 president and ceo 
 date : 
 september 26 , 2019 
 date : 
 9 - 30 - 2019 
 [ signature page to development agreement ] 
 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019 
 execution version 
 certain identify information have be exclude from the exhibit because it be both ( i ) not material and ( ii ) would likely cause 
 competitive harm to the company , if publicly disclose . double asterisk denote omission . 
 source : conformis inc , 10 - q , 11/1/2019