exhibit 10.18 
 confidential 
 execution copy 
 certain confidential information contain in this document , mark by [ ] , have be omit because it be both not material and would be competitively 
 harmful if publicly disclose . 
 development and option agreement 
 between 
 harpoon therapeutic , inc . 
 and 
 abbvie biotechnology ltd 
 date as of november 20 , 2019 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 table of content 
 article 1 
 definition 

 article 2 
 collaboration 
 management 

 2.1 
 joint governance committee . 

 2.2 
 general provision applicable to the jgc . 

 2.3 
 discontinuation of the jgc . 

 2.4 
 interaction between the jgc and internal team . 

 2.5 
 cmc working group . 

 2.6 
 work group . 

 2.7 
 expense . 

 article 3 
 development 
 and 
 regulatory 

 3.1 
 initial development plan and activity . 

 3.2 
 abbvie option . 

 3.3 
 [ ] . 

 3.4 
 post - exercise development activity . 

 3.5 
 supply of technology for development purpose . 

 3.6 
 expense and invoicing . 

 3.7 
 subcontracting . 

 3.8 
 regulatory matter . 

 article 4 
 commercialization 

 4.1 
 in general . 

 4.2 
 commercialization diligence . 

 4.3 
 booking of sales; distribution . 

 4.4 
 product trademark . 

 4.5 
 commercial supply of license compound or licensed 
 product . 

 article 5 
 grant of 
 right 

 5.1 
 grant to abbvie . 

 5.2 
 grant to harpoon . 

 5.3 
 sublicense . 

 5.4 
 distributorship . 

 5.5 
 co - promotion right . 

 5.6 
 retention of right . 

 5.7 
 confirmatory patent license . 

 5.8 
 exclusivity with respect to the territory . 

 5.9 
 in - license agreement . 

 article 6 
 payment and 
 record 

 6.1 
 upfront payment . 

 6.2 
 development and regulatory milestone . 

 6.3 
 first commercial sale milestone . 

 6.4 
 sale - base milestone . 

 6.5 
 royalty . 

 6.6 
 royalty payment and report . 

 6.7 
 mode of payment; offset . 

 6.8 
 withholding taxis . 

 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 6.9 
 indirect taxis . 

 6.10 
 interest on late payment . 

 6.11 
 audit . 

 6.12 
 audit dispute . 

 6.13 
 confidentiality . 

 6.14 
 [ ] 

 6.15 
 no other compensation . 

 article 7 
 intellectual 
 property 

 7.1 
 ownership of intellectual property . 

 7.2 
 maintenance and prosecution of patent . 

 7.3 
 enforcement of patent . 

 7.4 
 infringement claim by third party . 

 7.5 
 invalidity or unenforceability defense or action . 

 7.6 
 product trademark . 

 7.7 
 international nonproprietary name . 

 7.8 
 inventor 's remuneration . 

 7.9 
 common interest . 

 article 8 
 pharmacovigilance 
 and safety 

 8.1 
 pharmacovigilance . 

 8.2 
 global safety database . 

 article 9 
 confidentiality 
 and non- 
 disclosure 

 9.1 
 product information . 

 9.2 
 confidentiality obligation . 

 9.3 
 permit disclosure . 

 9.4 
 use of name . 

 9.5 
 public announcement . 

 9.6 
 publication . 

 9.7 
 return of confidential information . 

 9.8 
 survival . 

 article 10 
 representation 
 and warranty 

 10.1 
 mutual representation and warranty . 

 10.2 
 additional representation and warranty of harpoon . 

 10.3 
 covenant of harpoon . 

 10.4 
 covenant of abbvie . 

 10.5 
 disclaimer of warranty . 

 article 11 
 indemnity 

 11.1 
 indemnification of harpoon . 

 11.2 
 indemnification of abbvie . 

 11.3 
 notice of claim . 

 11.4 
 control of defense . 

 11.5 
 special , indirect , and other loss . 

 11.6 
 insurance . 

 article 12 
 term and 
 termination 

 12.1 
 term . 

 - ii - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 12.2 
 termination for material breach . 

 12.3 
 additional termination right by abbvie . 

 12.4 
 termination for insolvency . 

 12.5 
 right in bankruptcy . 

 12.6 
 termination in entirety . 

 12.7 
 reversion of harpoon product . 

 12.8 
 termination of terminate territory . 

 12.9 
 remedy . 

 12.10 
 accrue rights; survive obligation . 

 article 13 
 miscellaneous 

 13.1 
 force majeure . 

 13.2 
 change in control of harpoon . 

 13.3 
 export control . 

 13.4 
 assignment . 

 13.5 
 severability . 

 13.6 
 governing law , jurisdiction and service . 

 13.7 
 dispute resolution . 

 13.8 
 notice . 

 13.9 
 entire agreement; amendment . 

 13.10 
 english language . 

 13.11 
 equitable relief . 

 13.12 
 waiver and non - exclusion of remedy . 

 13.13 
 no benefit to third party . 

 13.14 
 further assurance . 

 13.15 
 relationship of the party . 

 13.16 
 performance by affiliate . 

 13.17 
 counterparts; facsimile execution . 

 13.18 
 reference . 

 13.19 
 schedule . 

 13.20 
 construction . 

 schedule 
 schedule 1.84 
 initial development plan 
 schedule 1.99 
 license compound 
 schedule 3.7 
 pre - approved third party provider 
 schedule 10.2 
 disclosure schedule 
 schedule 10.2.1 
 exist patent 
 schedule 13.7.3 
 arbitration 
 - iii - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 development and option agreement 
 this development and option agreement ( the " agreement " ) be make and enter into effective as of 
 november 20 , 2019 ( the " effective date " ) by and between harpoon therapeutic , inc . , a delaware corporation ( " harpoon " ) , and 
 abbvie biotechnology ltd , a bermuda corporation ( " abbvie " ) . harpoon and abbvie be sometimes refer to herein individually 
 as a " party " and collectively as the " party . " 
 recital 
 whereas , harpoon control ( as define herein ) certain intellectual property right with respect to the 
 license compound ( as define herein ) and license product ( as define herein ) in the territory ( as define herein); and 
 whereas , harpoon wish to grant an option to a license to abbvie , and abbvie wish to take , such option 
 to a license under such intellectual property right to develop and commercialize license product in the territory , in each case in 
 accordance with the term and condition set forth below . 
 now , therefore , in consideration of the premise and the mutual promise and condition hereinafter set 
 forth , and other good and valuable consideration , the receipt and sufficiency of which be hereby acknowledge , the party , intend 
 to be legally bind , do hereby agree as follow : 
 article 1 
 definition 
 unless otherwise specifically provide herein , the follow term shall have the following meaning : 
 1.1 
 " abbvie " have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto . 
 1.2 
 [ ] have the meaning set forth in [ ] 
 1.3 
 [ ] have the meaning set forth in [ ] . 
 1.4 
 [ ] have the meaning set forth in [ ] 
 1.5 
 [ ] have the meaning set forth in [ ] . 
 1.6 
 " abbvie [ ] right " have the meaning set forth in section 5.9.2 . 
 1.7 
 " abbvie indemnitee " have the meaning set forth in section 11.2 . 
 1.8 
 " abbvie know - how " mean all information that be ( a ) control by abbvie or any of its affiliate 
 during the term , ( b ) develop or acquire by abbvie or any of its affiliate during the term as a result of performance under this 
 agreement , ( c ) not generally know and ( d ) necessary or reasonably useful for the exploitation of the license compound or a 
 license product , but exclude any joint know - how or information publish in any abbvie patent or joint patent . 
 1.9 
 " abbvie patent " mean all of the patent that ( a ) be control by abbvie or any of its affiliate 
 during the term , ( b ) claim invention make or conceive by or on behalf of abbvie or any of its affiliate during the term as a result 
 of performance under this agreement , and ( c ) be necessary or reasonably useful ( or , with respect to patent application , would be 
 necessary or reasonably useful if such 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 patent application be to issue as patent ) for the exploitation of the license compound or a licensed product , but exclude any 
 joint patent . 
 1.10 
 " abbvie reversion ip " have the meaning set forth in section 12.7.1 . 
 1.11 
 " abbvie withholding tax action " have the meaning set forth in section 6.8.2 . 
 1.12 
 " acceptance " mean , with respect to a drug approval application , receipt of write notice from 
 the applicable regulatory authority indicate that such drug approval application have be accept for filing and further review . 
 1.13 
 " accounting standard " mean , with respect to a party , that such party shall maintain record and 
 book of account in accordance with united states generally accept accounting principle . 
 1.14 
 " acquisition " mean , with respect to a party , a merger , acquisition ( whether of all of the stock or 
 all or substantially all of the asset of a person or any operating or business division of a person ) or similar transaction by or with the 
 party , other than a change in control of the party . 
 1.15 
 " adverse ruling " have the meaning set forth in section 12.2.1 . 
 1.16 
 " affiliate " mean , with respect to a party , any person that , directly or indirectly , through one ( 1 ) or 
 more intermediary , control , be control by or be under common control with such party . for purpose of this definition , " control " 
 and , with correlative meaning , the term " control by " and " under common control with " mean ( a ) the possession , directly or 
 indirectly , of the power to direct the management or policy of a person , whether through the ownership of vote security , by 
 contract relate to voting right or corporate governance , or otherwise; or ( b ) the ownership , directly or indirectly , of more than fifty 
 percent ( 50 ) of the voting security or other ownership interest of a person ( or , with respect to a limited partnership or other similar 
 entity , its general partner or control entity ) . the party acknowledge that in the case of certain entity organize under the law 
 of certain country outside of the united states , the maximum percentage ownership permit by law for a foreign investor may be 
 less than fifty percent ( 50 ) , and that in such case such low percentage shall be substitute in the precede sentence , provide 
 that such foreign investor have the power to direct the management or policy of such entity . 
 1.17 
  " agreement " have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto . 
 1.18 
 " alliance manager " have the meaning set forth in section 2.2.5 . 
 1.19 
 " applicable law " mean federal , state , local , national and supra - national law , statute , rule , and 
 regulation , include any rule , regulation , regulatory guideline , or other requirement of the regulatory authority , major national 
 security exchange or major security list organization , that may be in effect from time to time during the term and applicable to 
 a particular activity or country or other jurisdiction hereunder . 
 1.20 
 " audit expert " have the meaning set forth in section 6.12 . 
 1.21 
 " bankruptcy code " have the meaning set forth in section 12.5.1 . 
 1.22 
 " bcma " mean that specific protein know as b - cell maturation antigen or tumor necrosis factor 
 receptor superfamily member 17 ( tnfrsf17 ) or cd269 in addition to any other know alias [ ] . 
 - 2 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.23 
 " biosimilar application " have the meaning set forth in section 7.3.3 . 
 1.24 
 " biosimilar product " mean , with respect to a particular licensed product in a particular country , 
 a biologic product that be ( a ) substantially similar to or interchangeable with such licensed product , such that the application for a 
 bla for such biologic product submit to the applicable regulatory authority rely in whole or in part on a prior bla grant to 
 such licensed product ( include any application for such biological product submit under section 351(k ) of the phsa or 
 successor law , or other analogous applicable law , cite the licensed product as the reference product ) , or ( b ) determine by the 
 applicable regulatory authority to be interchangeable with such licensed product , as set forth at 42 u.s.c . § 262(k)(4 ) or successor 
 law , or other analogous applicable law outside of the united states . a biological product license under the same bla as the 
 license product will not constitute a biosimilar product . 
 1.25 
 " bla " have the meaning set forth in the definition of " drug approval application . " 
 1.26 
 " board of director " have the meaning set forth in the definition of " change in control . " 
 1.27 
 " breach party " have the meaning set forth in section 12.2.1 . 
 1.28 
 " business day " mean a day other than a saturday or sunday on which banking institution in 
 new york , new york be open for business . 
 1.29 
 " calendar quarter " mean each successive period of three ( 3 ) calendar month commence on 
 january 1 , april 1 , july 1 and october 1 , except that the first calendar quarter of the term shall commence on the effective date 
 and end on the day immediately prior to the first to occur of january 1 , april 1 , july 1 or october 1 after the effective date , and the 
 last calendar quarter shall end on the last day of the term . 
 1.30 
 " calendar year " mean each successive period of twelve ( 12 ) calendar month commence on 
 january 1 and end on december 31 , except that the first calendar year of the term shall commence on the effective date and 
 end on december 31 of the year in which the effective date occur and the last calendar year of the term shall commence on 
 january 1 of the year in which the term end and end on the last day of the term . 
 1.31 
 " change in control , " with respect to a party , shall be deem to have occur if any of the 
 following occur after the effective date : 
 1.31.1 
 any " person " or " group " ( as such term be define below ) ( a ) be or become the 
 " beneficial owner " ( as define below ) , directly or indirectly , of share of capital stock or other interest ( include partnership 
 interest ) of such party then outstanding and normally entitle ( without regard to the occurrence of any contingency ) to vote in the 
 election of the director , manager or similar supervisory position ( " vote stock " ) of such party represent fifty percent ( 50 ) 
 or more of the total voting power of all outstanding class of vote stock of such party or ( b ) have the power , directly or indirectly , to 
 elect a majority of the member of the party ’s board of director , or similar governing body ( " board of directors”); exclude in 
 each case ( subclause ( a ) and ( b ) ) [ ] ; or 
 1.31.2 
 such party enter into a merger , consolidation or similar transaction with another person 
 ( whether or not such party be the survive entity ) and as a result of such merger , consolidation or similar transaction ( a ) the member 
 of the board of director of such party immediately prior to such transaction constitute less than a majority of the member of the 
 board of director of such party or such survive person immediately follow such transaction or ( b ) the person that beneficially 
 own , directly 
 - 3 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 or indirectly , the share of vote stock of such party immediately prior to such transaction cease to beneficially own , directly or 
 indirectly , share of vote stock of such party represent at least a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding class of 
 voting stock of the survive person in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of vote stock of such party 
 immediately prior to such transaction; or 
 1.31.3 
 such party sell or transfer to any third party , in one ( 1 ) or more related transaction , 
 property or asset represent all or substantially all of such party ’s asset to which this agreement relates; or 
 1.31.4 
 the holder of capital stock of such party approve a plan or proposal for the liquidation or 
 dissolution of such party . 
 for the purpose of this definition of change in control , ( a ) " person " and " group " have the meaning give such term under section 
 13(d ) and 14(d ) of the united states securities exchange act of 1934 and the term " group " include any group act for the purpose 
 of acquire , hold or dispose of security within the meaning of rule 13d-5(b)(1 ) under the say act; ( b ) a " beneficial owner " 
 shall be determine in accordance with rule 13d-3 under the aforesaid act; and ( c ) the term " beneficially own " and " beneficially 
 own " shall have meaning correlative to that of " beneficial owner . " 
 1.32 
 [ ] 
 1.33 
 " clinical datum " mean [ ] information with respect to any license compound or license 
 product and make , collect , or otherwise generate under or in connection with clinical study , include any datum ( include raw 
 datum ) , report , and result with respect thereto . 
 1.34 
 " clinical study " mean phase 0 , phase I , phase ii , phase iii , and such other test and study in 
 human subject that be require by applicable law , or otherwise recommend by the regulatory authority , to obtain or maintain 
 regulatory approval for a licensed product for one ( 1 ) or more indication , include test or study that be intend to expand the 
 product labeling for such licensed product with respect to such indication . 
 1.35 
 " cmc " have the meaning set forth in the definition of " initial development plan . " 
 1.36 
 " cmc work group " have the meaning set forth in section 2.5 . 
 1.37 
 " combination product " mean a licensed product that be : ( a ) sell in the form of a combination 
 product contain both a licensed compound and one ( 1 ) or more other therapeutically active pharmaceutical or biologic products; 
 or ( b ) sell in a form that contain ( or be sell bundle with ) any ( i ) diagnostic product or ( ii ) other product that be administer 
 separately from the licensed product , in both case ( subclause ( a ) and ( b ) ) sell as a unit at a single price and exclude any 
 delivery system . 
 1.38 
 " commercialization " mean any and all activity direct to the preparation for sale of , offer 
 for sale of , or sale of a license compound or licensed product , include activity relate to marketing , promote , distribute , 
 import and export such license compound or licensed product , and interact with regulatory authority regard any of 
 the foregoing . when use as a verb , " to commercialize " and " commercialize " mean to engage in commercialization , and 
 " commercialize " have a corresponding meaning . 
 1.39 
 " commercially reasonable effort " mean with respect to [ ] . 
 - 4 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.40 
 [ ] 
 1.41 
 " competitor " mean any person that [ ] , or ( b ) that [ ] . 
 1.42 
 " confidential information " mean any information provide orally , visually , in writing or other 
 form by or on behalf of one ( 1 ) party ( or an affiliate or representative of such party ) to the other party ( or to an affiliate or 
 representative of such other party ) in connection with this agreement , whether prior to , on , or after the effective date , include 
 information relate to the term of this agreement , the license compound or any licensed product ( include the regulatory 
 documentation and regulatory datum ) , any exploitation of the license compound or any licensed product , any know - how with 
 respect thereto develop by or on behalf of the disclosing party or its affiliate , or the scientific , regulatory or business affair or 
 other activity of either party . notwithstanding the foregoing , ( a ) joint know - how shall be deem to be the confidential 
 information of both party , and both party shall be deem to be the receive party and the disclosing party with respect thereto , 
 and ( b ) follow the license option exercise closing date , all regulatory documentation own by abbvie pursuant to section 
 3.8.2 shall be deem to be the confidential information of abbvie , and abbvie shall be deem to be the disclosing party and 
 harpoon shall be deem to be the receive party with respect thereto . in addition , all information disclose by harpoon to abbvie 
 under the prior nda shall be deem to be harpoon ’s confidential information disclose hereunder , and all information disclose by 
 abbvie inc . to harpoon under the prior nda shall be deem to be abbvie ’s confidential information disclose hereunder . 
 - 5 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.43 
 " control " mean , with respect to any item of information , regulatory documentation , material , 
 patent , or other property right , the possession of the right , whether directly or indirectly , and whether by ownership , license or 
 otherwise ( other than by operation of the license and other grant in section 5.1 or 5.2 ) , to grant a license , sublicense or other right 
 ( include the right to reference regulatory documentation ) to or under such information , regulatory documentation , material , 
 patent , or other property right as provide for herein without violate the term of any agreement or other arrangement with any 
 third party . " control " have a corresponding meaning . 
 1.44 
 " csr notification date " have the meaning set forth in section 12.6.3(e ) . 
 1.45 
 " default notice " have the meaning set forth in section 12.2.1 . 
 1.46 
 " delivery system " have the meaning set forth in the definition of " net sale . " 
 1.47 
 " development " mean all activity relate to pre - clinical and other non - clinical testing , test method 
 development and stability testing , toxicology , formulation , process development , manufacture scale - up , qualification and validation , 
 quality assurance / quality control , clinical study , include manufacturing in support thereof , statistical analysis and report writing , the 
 preparation and submission of drug approval application , regulatory affair with respect to the foregoing and all other activity 
 necessary or reasonably useful or otherwise request or require by a regulatory authority as a condition or in support of obtain 
 or maintain a regulatory approval . when use as a verb , " develop " mean to engage in development . for purpose of clarity , 
 development shall include any submission and activity require in support thereof , require by applicable law or a regulatory 
 authority as a condition or in support of obtain a pricing or reimbursement approval for an approve license product . 
 1.48 
 " development report review deadline " mean [ ] follow the initial delivery of any [ ] , 
 as applicable . 
 1.49 
 " dispute " have the meaning set forth in section 13.7 . 
 1.50 
 " distributor " have the meaning set forth in section 5.4 . 
 1.51 
 " divestiture " mean , with respect to a party , ( a ) the divestiture [ ] through [ ] or [ ] with 
 respect to [ ] ( for clarity , the [ ] for any such divestiture ) , or ( b ) [ ] . when use as a verb , " divest " and " divest " mean 
 to cause a divestiture . 
 1.52 
 " dollar " or " " mean united states dollar . 
 1.53 
 " drug approval application " mean a biologics license application ( a " bla " ) as define in the 
 phsa , or any corresponding foreign application in the territory , include , with respect to the european union , a marketing 
 authorization application ( a " maa " ) file with the ema or with the applicable regulatory authority of a country in europe with 
 respect to the mutual recognition or any other national approval procedure . 
 - 6 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.54 
 " [ ] " mean the [ ] by harpoon to abbvie within [ ] follow harpoon ’s receipt of write 
 notice from abbvie pursuant to [ ] prior to the date of abbvie ’s receipt of the [ ] . 
 1.55 
 " effective date " mean the effective date of this agreement as set forth in the preamble hereto . 
 1.56 
 " ema " mean the european medicine agency and any successor agency(ie ) or authority have 
 substantially the same function . 
 1.57 
 " european major market " mean each of [ ] . 
 1.58 
 " european union " or " e.u . " mean the economic , scientific , and political organization of member 
 state know as the european union , as its membership may be alter from time to time , and any successor thereto . 
 1.59 
 " exist patent " have the meaning set forth in section 10.2.1 . 
 1.60 
 " exploit , " " exploit " or " exploitation " mean to make , have make , import , export , use , sell , or 
 offer for sale , include to develop , commercialize , register , modify , enhance , improve , manufacture , have manufacture , hold , or 
 keep ( whether for disposal or otherwise ) , formulate , optimize , have use , export , transport , distribute , promote , market , have sell or 
 otherwise dispose of . 
 1.61 
 " fda " mean the united states food and drug administration and any successor agency(ie ) or 
 authority have substantially the same function . 
 1.62 
 " ffdca " mean the united states federal food , drug , and cosmetic act , 21 u.s.c . § 301 et 
 seq . , as amend from time to time , together with any rule , regulation and requirement promulgate thereunder ( include all 
 addition , supplement , extension , and modification thereto ) . 
 1.63 
 " field " mean all human and non - human diagnostic , prophylactic , and therapeutic us . 
 1.64 
 " final development report " mean the final write datum package deliver by harpoon to 
 abbvie in accordance with section 3.1.3 , after the completion of all activity under the initial development plan , include , for clarity , 
 [ ] , and comprise of the [ ] . the final development report shall include [ ] . 
 - 7 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.65 
 " first commercial sale " mean , with respect to a licensed product and a country , the first sale 
 for monetary value for use or consumption by the end user of such licensed product in such country after regulatory approval for 
 such licensed product have be obtain in such country . [ ] shall not be construe as a first commercial sale . 
 1.66 
 " harpoon " have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto . 
 1.67 
 " harpoon in - license agreement " mean [ ] agreement between harpoon and a third party 
 under which abbvie be grant a sublicense or other right under this agreement as provide in section 5.9 . 
 1.68 
 " harpoon indemnitee " have the meaning set forth in section 11.1 . 
 1.69 
 " harpoon know - how " mean all information that be ( a ) control by harpoon or any of its 
 affiliate as of the effective date or at any time during the term , ( b ) not generally know and ( c ) necessary or reasonably useful for 
 the exploitation of any license compound or any licensed product , but exclude any joint know - how or information publish in 
 any ( i ) harpoon patent or ( ii ) joint patent . 
 1.70 
 " harpoon patent " mean all of the patent that be ( a ) control by harpoon or any of its 
 affiliate as of the effective date or at any time during the term and ( b ) necessary or reasonably useful ( or , with respect to patent 
 application , would be necessary or reasonably useful if such patent application be to issue as patent ) for the exploitation of any 
 license compound or any licensed product , but exclude joint patent . the harpoon patent include the exist patent . 
 1.71 
 [ ] have the meaning set forth in [ ] . 
 1.72 
 " harpoon reversion product " have the meaning set forth in section 12.6.1 . 
 1.73 
 " hsr act " mean the hart - scott - rodino antitrust improvement act of 1976 , as amend . 
 1.74 
 " hsr filing " have the meaning set forth in section 3.2.4(b ) . 
 1.75 
 " in - license patent " have the meaning set forth in section 10.2.3 . 
 1.76 
 " ind " mean an application file with a regulatory authority for authorization to commence 
 clinical study , include ( a ) an investigational new drug application as define in the ffdca or any successor application or 
 procedure file with the fda , ( b ) any equivalent thereof in other country or regulatory jurisdiction , ( e.g. , a clinical trial application 
 ( cta ) in the european union ) and ( c ) all supplement , amendment , variation , extension and renewal thereof that may be file 
 with respect to the foregoing . 
 1.77 
 " indemnification claim notice " have the meaning set forth in section 11.3 . 
 1.78 
 " indemnified party " have the meaning set forth in section 11.3 . 
 1.79 
 " indication " mean , with respect to a licensed product , a use to which such licensed product be 
 intend to be put for the treatment , prevention , mitigation , cure or diagnosis of a recognize disease 
 - 8 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 or condition , or of a manifestation of a recognize disease or condition , or for the relief of symptom associate with a recognize 
 disease or condition , in each case for any size patient population , which , if such licensed product be approve in the u.s . , would be 
 reflect in the " indication and usage " section of label pursuant to 21 c.f.r . § 201.57(c)(2 ) or , to the extent applicable , any 
 comparable labeling section outside the u.s . , subject to the following : ( a ) subtype of the same disease or condition be not additional 
 indication for such licensed product; ( b ) different symptom domain or domain of impairment of the same disease or condition be 
 not additional indication for such licensed product; ( c ) the approve use of such licensed product for such disease in different 
 combination or co - therapy of treatment be not additional indication for such licensed product ( e.g. , monotherapy vs. add - on or 
 combination therapy with another agent in the same disease); ( d ) treatment , prevention and cure of the same disease or the same 
 disease subtype with such licensed product be not additional indication for such licensed product; ( e ) the approve use of such 
 licensed product for such disease in a different line of treatment or a different temporal position in a treatment algorithm for the 
 same disease or condition be not additional indication for such licensed product ( e.g. , first line vs. second line therapy in the same 
 disease or condition); and ( f ) treatment of the same disease or condition with such licensed product in an expand , modify or 
 additional patient population be not additional indication for such licensed product . 
 1.80 
 " indirect taxis " have the meaning set forth in section 6.9 . 
 1.81 
 [ ] 
 1.82 
 " information " mean all information of a technical , scientific , business and other nature , include 
 know - how , technology , mean , method , process , practice , formulae , instruction , skill , technique , procedure , experience , idea , 
 technical assistance , design , drawing , assembly procedure , computer program , apparatus , specification , datum , result and other 
 material , regulatory datum , and other biological , chemical , pharmacological , toxicological , pharmaceutical , physical and analytical , pre- 
 clinical , clinical , safety , manufacturing and quality control datum and information , include study design and protocol , reagent 
 ( include all physical material in connection with any of the foregoing such as plasmid , protein , cell line , assay , material 
 generate in connection with any cmc activity and compound ) and biological methodology; in each case ( whether or not 
 confidential , proprietary , patented or patentable , of commercial advantage or not ) in write , electronic or any other form now know 
 or hereafter develop . 
 1.83 
 " initial development activity " mean any and all development activity set forth in the initial 
 development plan to be perform by harpoon ( or , pursuant to section 3.1.2 , abbvie ) in order to advance the licensed compound 
 and license product to the point of readiness to commence [ ] ( or to proceed directly to pivotal clinical trial , if applicable ) and 
 ultimately support the filing of drug approval application and obtain regulatory approval for a licensed product in the field in the 
 territory . 
 1.84 
 " initial development plan " mean a development plan for the licensed compound and licensed 
 product set forth ( a ) in reasonable detail all development and regulatory activity to be perform by harpoon with respect to 
 the licensed compound and license product through completion of the phase i / ib trial , include related activity as applicable 
 ( but , for clarity , except with respect to [ ] ) , ( b ) all clinical datum and other information require to be deliver to abbvie pursuant 
 to section 1.112 in order for abbvie to determine whether to exercise the license option , and ( c ) all information to be include in the 
 final development report ( i.e. as a result of 
 - 9 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 activity conduct after the delivery of the opt - in development report ) , which initial development plan be attach as schedule 
 1.84 , as the same may be amend from time to time in accordance with the term hereof . 
 1.85 
 " initiation " or " initiate " mean , with respect to a clinical study , the first dosing of the first human 
 subject in such clinical study . 
 1.86 
 " intellectual property " have the meaning set forth in section 12.5.1 . 
 1.87 
 " joint governance committee " or " jgc " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1.1 . 
 1.88 
 " joint intellectual property right " have the meaning set forth in section 7.1.2 . 
 1.89 
 " joint know - how " have the meaning set forth in section 7.1.2 . 
 1.90 
 " joint patent " have the meaning set forth in section 7.1.2 . 
 1.91 
 " knowledge " mean [ ] of the [ ] of a party , or any personnel hold position equivalent to 
 such job title ( but only to the extent such position exist at such party ) . 
 1.92 
 [ ] 
 1.93 
 [ ] 
 1.94 
 [ ] 
 1.95 
 " license option " have the meaning set forth in section 3.2.3 . 
 1.96 
 " license option exercise closing date " have the meaning set forth in section 3.2.4 . 
 1.97 
 " license option exercise notice " have the meaning set forth in section 3.2.3 . 
 1.98 
 " license option period " have the meaning set forth in section 3.2.3 . 
 1.99 
 " license compound " mean ( a ) the compound know as hpn217 ( as describe on schedule 
 1.99 ) , [ ] . 
 1.100 
 " license product " mean any product , or portion thereof , contain a license compound , 
 alone or in combination with one ( 1 ) or more other active ingredient , in any and all form , in 
 - 10 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 current and future formulation , dosage form and strength , and delivery mode , include any improvement thereto . for clarity , 
 license product that contain the same licensed compound ( whether or not with one or more active ingredient ( if applicable ) ) , but 
 in a different formulation , dosage form or delivery device , shall be consider the same licensed product for the purpose of 
 calculate milestone and royalty payment hereunder . 
 1.101 
 " loss " have the meaning set forth in section 11.1 . 
 1.102 
 " maa " have the meaning set forth in the definition of " drug approval application . " 
 1.103 
 " major market " mean each of [ ] . 
 1.104 
 " major regulatory filing " mean major regulatory filing and document ( include ind , drug 
 approval application , material labeling supplement , regulatory authority meeting request , and core data sheet ) . 
 1.105 
 " manufacture " and " manufacturing " mean all activity relate to the synthesis , make , 
 production , processing , purifying , formulating , filling , finishing , packaging , labeling , shipping , and holding of the licensed compound , 
 any licensed product , or any intermediate thereof , include process development , process qualification and validation , scale - up , pre- 
 clinical , clinical and commercial production and analytic development , product characterization , stability testing , quality assurance , and 
 quality control . 
 1.106 
 " manufacturing process " have the meaning set forth in section 4.6.1 . 
 1.107 
 " manufacture technology transfer " have the meaning set forth in section 4.6.1 . 
 1.108 
 " net sale " mean [ ] 
 ( a ) 
 [ ] 
 ( b ) 
 [ ] 
 ( c ) 
 [ ] 
 ( d ) 
 [ ] 
 ( e ) 
 [ ] 
 ( f ) 
 [ ] of such licensed product and to the extent [ ] 
 - 11 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] , where for purpose of this net sale definition , [ ] of such licensed product; 
 ( g ) 
 [ ] 
 ( h ) 
 [ ] 
 ( i ) 
 [ ] 
 ( j ) 
 [ ] , but which [ ] . 
 [ ] 
 in the event that a licensed product be sell in any country or other jurisdiction [ ] 
 ( i ) 
 [ ] . 
 - 12 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( ii ) 
 [ ] 
 ( iii ) 
 [ ] 
 ( iv ) 
 [ ] . 
 1.109 
 " non - breaching party " have the meaning set forth in section 12.2.1 . 
 1.110 
 [ ] 
 1.111 
 " opt - in dataset " have the meaning set forth in the definition of " opt - in development report . " 
 1.112 
 " opt - in development report " mean the write data package deliver by harpoon to 
 abbvie and generate from the clinical dataset extract from the [ ] as it exist at the date that be [ ] ( the " opt - in dataset " 
 and such date the " opt - in development report dataset cutoff date " ) . the opt - in dataset will arise from the conduct of the 
 initial development activity and will include information available in the [ ] as of the opt - in development report generation 
 date relate to [ ] . in addition to the information and datum set forth above base on the opt - in dataset , the opt - in development 
 report will include [ ] . 
 - 13 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.113 
 " opt - in development report dataset cut - off date " have the meaning set forth in the 
 definition of " opt - in development report . " 
 1.114 
 " other product " mean , with respect to a combination product , such other therapeutically active 
 pharmaceutical or biologic product reference in section 1.37(a ) or such diagnostic or other product reference in section 1.37(b ) , in 
 each case other than the license compound . 
 1.115 
 " own patent " have the meaning set forth in section 10.2.3 . 
 1.116 
 " party " and " party " have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto . 
 1.117 
 " patent " mean ( a ) all national , regional and international patent and patent application , 
 include provisional patent application , ( b ) all patent application file either from such patent , patent application or provisional 
 application or from an application claim priority from either of these , include divisional , continuation , continuation - in - part , 
 provisional , convert provisional and continue prosecution application , ( c ) any and all patent that have issue or in the future 
 issue from the foregoing patent application ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) , include utility model , petty patent and design patent and certificate of 
 invention , ( d ) any and all extension or restoration by exist or future extension or restoration mechanism , include revalidation , 
 reissue , re - examination and extension ( include any pediatric exclusivity and other such exclusivitie that be attach to patent , 
 supplementary protection certificate and the like ) of the foregoing patent or patent application ( ( a ) , ( b ) , and ( c ) ) , and ( e ) any similar 
 right , include so - call pipeline protection or any importation , revalidation , confirmation or introduction patent or registration patent 
 or patent of addition to any of such foregoing patent application and patent . 
 1.118 
 " person " mean an individual , sole proprietorship , partnership , limited partnership , limited liability 
 partnership , corporation , limited liability company , business trust , joint stock company , trust , unincorporated association , joint venture or 
 other similar entity or organization , include a government or political subdivision , department or agency of a government . 
 1.119 
 " phase 0 " mean an exploratory , first - in - human trial conduct in accordance with the fda 2006 
 guidance on exploratory investigational new drug study ( or the equivalent in any country or other jurisdiction outside of the united 
 state ) and design to expedite the development of therapeutic or imaging agent by establish very early on whether the agent 
 behave in human subject as be anticipate from pre - clinical study . 
 1.120 
 " phase I " mean a human clinical trial of a license compound or licensed product , the principal 
 purpose of which be a preliminary determination of safety , tolerability , pharmacological activity or pharmacokinetic in healthy 
 individual or patient or similar clinical study prescribe by the regulatory authority , include the trial refer to in 21 c.f.r . 
 § 312.21(a ) , as amend . 
 - 14 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.121 
 " phase i / ib trial " mean the phase I or i / ii study of a licensed compound or licensed product 
 incorporate dose escalation and cohort expansion study as describe in the initial development plan ( as it may be amend from 
 time to time in accordance with section 3.1.1 ) . 
 1.122 
 " phase ii " mean a human clinical trial of a license compound or licensed product , the 
 principal purpose of which be a determination of safety and efficacy in the target patient population , which be prospectively design to 
 generate sufficient datum that may permit commencement of pivotal clinical trial , or a similar clinical study prescribe by the 
 regulatory authority , from time to time , pursuant to applicable law or otherwise , include the trial refer to in 21 c.f.r . 
 § 312.21(b ) , as amend . 
 1.123 
 " phase iii " mean a human clinical trial of a licensed compound or license product on a 
 sufficient number of subject in an indicate patient population that be design to establish that a licensed compound or license 
 product be safe and efficacious for its intend use and to determine the benefit / risk relationship , warning , precaution , and adverse 
 reaction that be associate with such product in the dosage range to be prescribe , which trial be intend to support marketing 
 approval of such license compound or licensed product , include all test and study that be require by the fda from time to 
 time , pursuant to applicable law or otherwise , include the trial refer to in 21 c.f.r . § 312.21(c ) , as amend . 
 1.124 
 " phsa " mean the united states public health service act , as amend from time to time . 
 1.125 
 " pmda " mean japan ’s pharmaceutical and medical device agency and any successor 
 agency(ie ) or authority have substantially the same function . 
 1.126 
 " post csr option period " have the meaning set forth in section 12.6.3(e ) . 
 1.127 
 " prior nda " have the meaning set forth in section 13.9 . 
 1.128 
 " product information " have the meaning set forth in section 9.1 . 
 1.129 
 " product infringement " have the meaning set forth in section 7.3.1 . 
 1.130 
 " product labeling " mean , with respect to a licensed product in a country or other jurisdiction in 
 the territory , ( a ) the full prescribe information for such licensed product as approve by the regulatory authority for such country 
 or other jurisdiction , include any require patient information , and ( b ) all label and other write , print , or graphic matter upon a 
 container , wrapper , or any package insert utilize with or for such licensed product in such country or other jurisdiction . 
 1.131 
 " product - specific claim " have the meaning set forth in section 7.2.1(a ) . 
 1.132 
 " product - specific patent " have the meaning set forth in section 7.2.1(b ) . 
 1.133 
 " product trademark " mean the trademark(s ) to be use by abbvie or its affiliate or its or 
 their respective sublicensee for the development , commercialization or exploitation of licensed product in the territory and any 
 registration thereof or any pending application relate thereto in the territory ( exclude , in any event , any trademark , service 
 mark , name or logo that include any corporate name or logo of the party or their affiliate ) . 
 1.134 
 " propose future in - license right " have the meaning set forth in section 5.9 . 
 1.135 
 " regulatory approval " mean , with respect to a country or other jurisdiction in the territory , all 
 approval ( include drug approval application ) , license , registration , or authorization of 
 - 15 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 any regulatory authority necessary to commercialize a licensed compound or license product in such country or other 
 jurisdiction , include , where applicable , pricing or reimbursement approval in such country or other jurisdiction . 
 1.136 
 " regulatory authority " mean any applicable supra - national , federal , national , regional , state , 
 provincial , or local governmental or regulatory authority , agency , department , bureau , commission , council , or other entity ( e.g. , the 
 fda , ema and pmda ) regulating or otherwise exercise authority with respect to activity contemplate in this agreement , 
 include the exploitation of the license compound or license product in the territory . 
 1.137 
 " regulatory documentation " mean all ( a ) application ( include all ind and drug approval 
 application and other major regulatory filing ) , registration , license , authorization , and approval ( include regulatory 
 approval ) , ( b ) correspondence and report submit to or receive from regulatory authority ( include minute and official 
 contact report relate to any communication with any regulatory authority ) and all support document with respect thereto , 
 include all regulatory drug list , advertising and promotion document , adverse event file , and complaint file , and ( c ) clinical datum 
 and datum contain or rely upon in any of the foregoing , in each case ( ( a ) , ( b ) , and ( c ) ) to the extent relate to a licensed 
 compound or licensed product . 
 1.138 
 " regulatory exclusivity " mean , with respect to any country or other jurisdiction in the territory , 
 an additional market protection , other than patent protection , grant by a regulatory authority in such country or other jurisdiction 
 which confer an exclusive commercialization period during which abbvie or its affiliate or sublicensee have the exclusive right to 
 market and sell , and any unauthorized third party be prevent from marketing or selling , a license compound or licensed product 
 in such country or other jurisdiction . 
 1.139 
 " royalty term " mean , with respect to each licensed product and each country or other 
 jurisdiction in the territory , the period begin on the date of the first commercial sale of such licensed product in such country or 
 other jurisdiction , and end on the late to occur of ( a ) the expiration , invalidation or abandonment date of the last harpoon patent 
 ( i ) [ ] in such country or other jurisdiction; or ( ii ) [ ] in such country or other jurisdiction; ( b ) the expiration of regulatory 
 exclusivity in such country or other jurisdiction for such licensed product; or ( c ) the [ ] of the first commercial sale of such 
 licensed product in such country or other jurisdiction . 
 1.140 
 " segregate " mean , with respect to a [ ] relate to such [ ] relate to the [ ] provide 
 that , [ ] in connection [ ] . 
 - 16 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.141 
 " senior officer " mean , with respect to harpoon , its [ ] , and with respect to abbvie , its [ ] . 
 1.142 
 " sublicensee " mean a person , other than an affiliate or a distributor , that be grant a sublicense 
 by abbvie or its affiliate under the grant in section 5.1 as provide in section 5.3 but exclude any sublicense grant by abbvie 
 or its affiliate as a result of settlement of patent litigation with respect to a biosimilar product . 
 1.143 
 " term " have the meaning set forth in section 12.1.1 . 
 1.144 
 " terminate territory " mean each major market with respect to which this agreement be 
 terminate by harpoon pursuant to section 12.2.2 , each country with respect to which this agreement be terminate by abbvie 
 pursuant to section 12.3 , or if this agreement be terminate in its entirety , the entire territory . 
 1.145 
 " territory " mean the entire world . 
 1.146 
 " third party " mean any person other than harpoon , abbvie and their respective affiliate . 
 1.147 
 " third party claim " have the meaning set forth in section 11.1 . 
 1.148 
 " third party provider " have the meaning set forth in section 3.7 . 
 1.149 
 " trademark " mean any word , name , symbol , color , designation or device or any combination 
 thereof that function as a source identifi , include any trademark , trade dress , brand mark , service mark , trade name , brand name , 
 logo , business symbol or domain name , whether or not register . 
 1.150 
 " united states " or " u.s . " mean the united states of america and its territory and possession 
 ( include the district of columbia and puerto rico ) . 
 1.151 
 " valid claim " mean ( a ) a claim of any [ ] patent whose validity , enforceability , or patentability 
 have not be render invalid by any of the following : ( i ) irretrievable lapse , abandonment , revocation , dedication to the public , or 
 disclaimer; or ( ii ) a holding , finding , or decision of invalidity , unenforceability , or non - patentability by a court , governmental agency , 
 national or regional patent office , or other appropriate body that have competent jurisdiction , such holding , finding , or decision be final 
 and unappealable or unappealed within the time allow for appeal , or ( b ) a claim in a patent application that be file and prosecute in 
 good faith and no more than [ ] have lapse from its early priority date . for clarity , ( a ) any claim in a patent application , for 
 which more than [ ] have lapse from its early priority date , shall not be consider a valid claim unless and until such claim be 
 grant and meet the requirement of subclause ( a ) and ( b ) a holding , finding , or decision be final and unappealable or not 
 appeal within the time allow for appeal mean a holding , finding , or decision from which no appeal ( other than a petition to the 
 united states supreme court for a writ of certiorari or a similar appeal that be subject to discretionary review ) can be or have be 
 take . 
 1.152 
 " voting stock " have the meaning set forth in the definition of " change in control . " 
 1.153 
 " withholding amount " have the meaning set forth in section 6.8.1 . 
 1.154 
 " withholding party " have the meaning set forth in section 6.8.1 . 
 - 17 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 1.155 
 " work group " have the meaning set forth in section 2.6 . 
 article 2 
 collaboration management 
 2.1 
 joint governance committee . 
 2.1.1 
 formation . within [ ] after the effective date , the party shall establish a joint 
 governance committee ( the " joint governance committee " or " jgc " ) . the jgc shall consist of [ ] representative from each 
 of the party , each with the requisite experience and seniority to enable such person to make decision on behalf of the party with 
 respect to the issue fall within the jurisdiction of the jgc . from time to time , each party may substitute [ ] or more of its 
 representative to the jgc on write notice to the other party . [ ] shall select from its representative the chairperson for the jgc . 
 from time to time , [ ] 
 2.1.2 
 specific responsibility . the jgc shall develop the strategy for and oversee the 
 development relate activity relate to the licensed compound and the licensed product in accordance with the initial 
 development plan , and shall serve as a forum for the coordination of such activity . in particular , the jgc shall : 
 ( a ) 
 oversee the development activity perform pursuant to the initial development 
 plan; 
 ( b ) 
 address issue that arise during the performance of the initial development plan , 
 [ ] 
 ( c ) 
 periodically ( no less often than [ ] ) review and serve as a forum for discuss 
 the initial development plan , and review and approve amendment thereto; 
 ( d ) 
 review and serve as a forum for discuss information ( include all clinical 
 datum ) arise out of the initial development plan; 
 ( e ) 
 discuss any [ ] 
 ( f ) 
 prior to the license option exercise closing date , review and discuss regulatory 
 activity and strategy for licensed compound and license products; 
 ( g ) 
 discuss the scope of any [ ] contemplate under section 4.6.1; 
 ( h ) 
 review the activity of the cmc working group or any other work group 
 establish by the jgc , and resolve any disagreement between the designee of abbvie and harpoon on any work group; 
 ( i ) 
 plan and oversee the conduct of activity set forth in section 3.5; 
 - 18 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( j ) 
 discuss and agree upon the [ ] name abbvie personnel; 
 ( k ) 
 establish secure access method ( such as secure database ) for each party to 
 access confidential information; and 
 ( l ) 
 perform such other function as be set forth herein or as the party may mutually 
 agree in writing , except where in conflict with any provision of this agreement . 
 2.2 
 general provision applicable to the jgc . 
 2.2.1 
 meeting and minute . the jgc shall meet [ ] , or as otherwise agree to by the 
 party , with the location of such meeting alternate between location designate by harpoon and location designate by abbvie . 
 the alliance manager shall be permit to attend any such jgc meeting . the chairperson of the jgc shall be responsible for 
 call meeting on [ ] notice . each party shall make all proposal for agenda item and shall provide all appropriate information 
 with respect to such propose item at least [ ] in advance of the applicable meeting; provide that under exigent circumstance 
 require input by the jgc , a party may provide its agenda item to the other party within a short period of time in advance of the 
 meeting , or may propose that there not be a specific agenda for a particular meeting , so long as the other party consent to such later 
 addition of such agenda item or the absence of a specific agenda for such meeting . the chairperson of the jgc shall prepare and 
 circulate for review and approval of the party minute of each meeting within [ ] after the meeting . the party shall agree on 
 the minute of each meeting promptly , but in no event later than the next meeting of the jgc . 
 2.2.2 
 procedural rule . the jgc shall have the right to adopt such standing rule as shall be 
 necessary for its work , to the extent that such rule be not inconsistent with this agreement . a quorum of the jgc shall exist 
 whenever there be present at a meeting [ ] appoint by each party , each with the requisite experience and seniority to enable such 
 person to make decision on behalf of the party it represent with respect to the issue fall within the jurisdiction of the jgc . 
 representative of the party on the jgc may attend a meeting either in person or by telephone , video conference or similar mean 
 in which each participant can hear what be say by , and be hear by , the other participant . representation by proxy shall be allow . 
 the jgc shall take action by consensus of the representative present at a meeting at which a quorum exist , with each party have 
 a single vote irrespective of the number of representative of such party in attendance , or by a write resolution sign by [ ] 
 appoint by each party . employee or consultant of either party that be not representative of the party on the jgc may attend 
 meeting of the jgc; provide that such attendee ( i ) shall not vote or otherwise participate in the decision - make process of the 
 jgc , and ( ii ) be bind by obligation of confidentiality and non - disclosure equivalent to those set forth in article 9 . 
 2.2.3 
 dispute resolution . if the jgc can not , or do not , reach consensus on an issue , then 
 the dispute shall first be refer to the senior officer of the party , who shall confer in good faith on the resolution of the issue . 
 any final decision mutually agree to by the senior officer shall be conclusive and bind on the party . if the senior officer be 
 not able to agree on the resolution of any such issue within [ ] after such issue be first refer to they , then : 
 ( a ) 
 prior to the license option exercise closing date , the senior officer of harpoon 
 will finally and definitively resolve such dispute [ ] provide that [ ] 
 - 19 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] or ( ii ) [ ] and 
 ( b ) 
 [ ] notwithstanding the foregoing , abbvie may not , follow the license 
 option exercise closing date , use its final decision right to amend the initial development plan in any way that would require 
 harpoon to perform additional activity than be require under the initial development plan immediately prior to the license option 
 exercise closing date , unless harpoon agree to perform such additional activity and abbvie solely bear any additional expense . 
 as use herein , a " material amendment " to the initial development plan shall mean an amendment to the initial development 
 plan that would [ ] . 
 2.2.4 
 limitation on authority . each party shall retain the right , power , and discretion 
 grant to it under this agreement and no such right , power , or discretion shall be delegate to or vest in the jgc unless such 
 delegation or vest of right be expressly provide for in this agreement or the party expressly so agree in writing . the jgc shall 
 not have the power to amend , modify , or waive compliance with this agreement , which may only be amend or modify as provide 
 in section 13.9 or compliance with which may only be waive as provide in section 13.12 . 
 2.2.5 
 alliance manager . each party shall appoint a person(s ) who shall oversee contact 
 between the party for all matter between meeting of the jgc , and shall have such other responsibility as the party may agree 
 in write after the effective date ( each , an " alliance manager " ) . follow the disbandment of the jgc after the license option 
 exercise closing date , the alliance manager shall continue to act as a liaison between the party and shall be responsible for 
 exchange information provide for under the term of this agreement . each party may replace its alliance manager at any time by 
 notice in write to the other party . follow the license option exercise closing date and until the first commercial sale of a 
 license product in a major market , alliance manager shall meet [ ] , or as otherwise agree to by the party . 
 2.3 
 discontinuation of the jgc . the jgc shall continue to exist until the first to occur of : ( a ) the 
 party mutually agree to disband the jgc; ( b ) in the event of abbvie ’s exercise of its license option , upon the delivery of the 
 final development report pursuant to section 3.1.3; and ( c ) expiration of the license option period without abbvie exercise the 
 license option . additionally , in the event of a change in control of harpoon involve a competitor , abbvie shall have the right at 
 any time and for any reason , effective upon write notice , to disband the jgc in accordance with section 13.2.2 . in the event that 
 the jgc be disband pursuant to section 13.2.2 , ( a ) any information , document or report that a party be otherwise require to 
 provide to the jgc pursuant to this agreement shall be provide directly to the other party and ( b ) any matter delegate to the jgc 
 shall be make by mutual agreement of the party , subject to the dispute resolution provision of section 2.2.3 . 
 2.4 
 interaction between the jgc and internal team . the party recognize that each party 
 possess an internal structure ( include various committee , team and review board ) that will 
 - 20 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 be involve in administer such party ’s activity under this agreement . nothing contain in this article shall prevent a party from 
 make routine day - to - day decision relate to the conduct of those activity for which it have a performance or other obligation 
 hereunder , in each case in a manner consistent with the then - current initial development plan and the term and condition of this 
 agreement . 
 2.5 
 cmc working group . within [ ] after the effective date , the party shall establish a cmc 
 working group ( the " cmc working group " ) . the cmc working group shall consist of two ( 2 ) representative from each of the 
 party , each with the requisite experience and seniority to enable such person to make decision on behalf of the party with respect 
 to the issue fall within the jurisdiction of the cmc working group . from time to time , each party may substitute one ( 1 ) or more 
 of its representative to the cmc working group on write notice to the other party . in particular , the cmc working group shall : 
 ( a ) 
 review and approve [ ] with respect thereto , and review and approve 
 amendment thereto; and 
 ( b ) 
 perform such other function as be set forth herein or as the party may mutually 
 agree in writing , except where in conflict with any provision of this agreement . 
 2.6 
 working group . in addition to the cmc working group , from time to time , the jgc may establish 
 and delegate duty to sub - committee or direct team ( each , a " working group " ) on an " as - need " basis to oversee particular 
 project or activity ( for example , joint project team , joint finance group , and/or joint intellectual property group ) . each such working 
 group shall be constitute and shall operate as the jgc determines; provide that each work group shall have equal representation 
 from each party , unless otherwise mutually agree . work group may be establish on an ad hoc basis for purpose of a specific 
 project or on such other basis as the jgc may determine . each work group and its activity shall be subject to the oversight , 
 review and approval of , and shall report to , the jgc . in no event shall the authority of the working group exceed that specify for 
 the jgc . all decision of a working group shall be by consensus . any disagreement between the designee of abbvie and harpoon 
 on a working group shall be refer to the jgc for resolution . 
 2.7 
 expense . each party shall be responsible for all travel and related cost and expense for its 
 member and other representative to attend meeting of , and otherwise participate on , the jgc or any work group . 
 article 3 
 development and regulatory 
 3.1 
 initial development plan and activity . 
 3.1.1 
 initial development plan . either party , directly or through its representative on the 
 jgc , may propose amendment to the initial development plan from time to time as appropriate , include in light of change 
 circumstance . any and all such amendment shall be subject to approval by the jgc as set forth in section 2.1.2 , subject to the 
 dispute resolution procedure set forth in section 2.2.3 . within [ ] of the effective date , the party , through the cmc working 
 group , shall jointly develop an amendment to the initial development plan to identify the [ ] in accordance with the parameter set 
 forth in the initial development plan attach hereto as schedule 1.84 . for clarity , all [ ] . 
 - 21 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 3.1.2 
 initial development activity . harpoon shall perform the activity set forth in the 
 initial development plan in accordance with the timeline set forth therein , [ ] . in the conduct of the initial development activity , 
 harpoon shall use commercially reasonable effort to ensure that clinical site participate in the phase i / ib trial timely submit 
 clinical datum generate at such site into the clinical database . if at any time abbvie have a reasonable basis to believe that harpoon be 
 in material breach of its obligation to perform any initial development activity , then abbvie may so notify harpoon in writing , 
 specify the basis for its belief , and the party shall meet within [ ] after such notice to discuss in good faith abbvie ’s concern . 
 if harpoon [ ] notwithstanding the foregoing , if harpoon [ ] , then harpoon may seek resolution on the existence of such 
 material breach pursuant to section 13.7; provide that ( i ) harpoon ’s [ ] . for clarity , if the arbitrator determine that 
 notwithstanding [ ] . the party acknowledge and agree that in the event abbvie [ ] initial development activity in 
 accordance with the initial development plan . if abbvie so elect to [ ] permit under the term and condition of the applicable 
 agreement , harpoon shall [ ] . 
 3.1.3 
 certain amendment to initial development plan . notwithstanding the role of the 
 jgc in connection with amendment to the initial development plan pursuant to section 2.1.2(c ) and section 2.2.3 , [ ] 
 - 22 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 alliance manager ) . abbvie shall have [ ] in which to consider the propose amendment and respond to harpoon , follow 
 which : 
 ( a ) 
  if abbvie notifie harpoon in write that it consent to the amendment propose 
 by harpoon to the initial development plan , harpoon may proceed to resubmit the clinical portion of the initial development plan 
 ( include the clinical protocol for the phase i / ib trial , as applicable ) to the fda , [ ] ; 
 ( b ) 
 if abbvie request that harpoon provide further information in connection with the 
 propose amendment , harpoon shall [ ] provide such information and make available appropriate personnel to respond to 
 abbvie ’s question regard the propose amendment , and if abbvie notifie harpoon in writing follow receipt of such 
 information that it consent to the amendment as propose by harpoon to the initial development plan , [ ] ; 
 ( c ) 
 if abbvie notifie harpoon that it do not consent to the propose amendment 
 ( either before or follow a request for more information under section 3.1.3(b ) ) , then such amendment ( i ) shall be [ ] , ( ii ) shall be 
 refer [ ] to a special meeting of the jgc ( or such other discussion forum as the party may mutually agree in writing ) and ( iii ) 
 shall be subject [ ] , provide that solely with respect to amendment arise under this section 3.1.3 , ( a ) [ ] , and ( b ) [ ] ; and 
 ( d ) 
 for clarity , if abbvie provide no response to harpoon ’s propose amendment 
 within the foregoing three [ ] period , then [ ] . 
 by way of example only , if harpoon provide abbvie with a propose amend initial development plan on [ ] respectively . 
 3.1.4 
 final development report . follow abbvie ’s exercise of the license option , and 
 within [ ] after the [ ] , harpoon shall provide abbvie with the final development report . abbvie shall have the opportunity to 
 review and inspect the final development report and to reasonably ask question of harpoon and receive timely answer from 
 harpoon relate thereto . follow abbvie ’s receipt of the final development report , abbvie shall have [ ] to provide notice to 
 harpoon identify any information set forth in section 1.64 , which 
 - 23 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 abbvie believe in good faith be not include in the final development report . harpoon shall provide abbvie such information [ ] . 
 3.2 
 abbvie option . 
 3.2.1 
 opt - in development report . within [ ] follow the [ ] , harpoon shall provide 
 abbvie with the opt - in development report . abbvie shall have the opportunity to review and inspect the opt - in development 
 report and to reasonably ask question of harpoon ( provide that such question be receive by harpoon prior to [ ] ) and 
 receive timely answer from harpoon relate thereto until the expiration of the harpoon option period . if , prior to the development 
 report review deadline , abbvie provide write notice to harpoon reasonably request supplemental datum or information that be 
 in harpoon ’s possession or reasonably available to harpoon ( and that , in each case , can be provide without perform any additional 
 research , study or material scientific analysis , or generate any additional datum ) and be reasonably necessary for abbvie to assess 
 the opt - in development report and make an informed decision about the exercise of the license option ( such notice to provide 
 reasonable detail regard the basis for such request ) , then harpoon shall provide to abbvie such request supplemental datum or 
 information within [ ] of its receipt of such notice ( or such long period as the party may mutually agree be necessary to obtain 
 and provide such supplemental datum or information ) and the license option period shall be extend to [ ] follow the date of 
 delivery of such supplemental datum or information , provide that in no event will the license option period be extend as a result of 
 such request and additional information and datum to more than [ ] follow the date harpoon first provide the opt - in 
 development report to abbvie under this section 3.2.1 . 
 3.2.2 
 [ ] . abbvie may , but shall not be obligate to , deliver to harpoon a write notice 
 request an [ ] at any time on or after the [ ] ; provide that [ ] within any [ ] period prior to the date of abbvie ’s receipt 
 of the opt - in development report , unless any additional request for [ ] be approve by the jgc , with harpoon ’s consent not to be 
 unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . upon harpoon ’s receipt of any such notice , harpoon shall promptly , but in any event 
 within [ ] of harpoon ’s receipt of any such notice , [ ] . abbvie shall [ ] . if , prior to the development report review deadline , 
 abbvie provide write notice to harpoon reasonably request supplemental datum or information that be in harpoon ’s possession or 
 reasonably available to harpoon ( and that , in each case , can be provide without perform any additional research , study or material 
 scientific analysis , or generate any additional datum ) and be reasonably necessary for abbvie to make [ ] ( such notice to provide 
 reasonable detail regard the basis for such request ) , then harpoon shall provide to abbvie such request supplemental datum or 
 information within [ ] of its receipt of such notice ( or such long period as the party may mutually agree be necessary to obtain 
 and provide such supplemental datum or information ) . for purpose of clarity , [ ] opt - in development report and shall not trigger the 
 [ ] period set forth in section 3.2.3 with respect to the license option period , unless [ ] shall trigger the [ ] period set forth in 
 section 3.2.3 . if abbvie [ ] . 
 - 24 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 3.2.3 
 license option exercise notice . upon the effective date , harpoon hereby grant to 
 abbvie the exclusive right , but not the obligation , to obtain the license set forth in section 5.1.3 ( the " license option " ) . abbvie 
 shall have the right to exercise its license option by provide write notice of such election to harpoon ( " license option 
 exercise notice " ) at any time on or after the effective date and on or prior to the date that be [ ] from abbvie ’s receipt of the 
 opt - in development report contain all item require pursuant to section 1.112 , as such period may be extend pursuant to 
 section 3.2.1 ( the " license option period " ) . if abbvie do not provide a license option exercise notice within the license 
 option period , then ( a ) harpoon shall have no further obligation to perform any initial development activity , ( b ) abbvie ’s license 
 option shall expire , and this agreement shall terminate in accordance with section 12.1.1 , and ( c ) abbvie shall have no further right 
 in connection with licensed compound of the licensed product . 
 3.2.4 
 exercise of the license option . 
 ( a ) 
 abbvie shall be deem to have enter into the license set forth in section 5.1.3 
 on the later of ( i ) harpoon ’s receipt of the license option exercise notice , or ( ii ) the expiration or early termination of any waiting 
 period ( or any extension thereof ) under the hsr act in the u.s . ( the date of such receipt by harpoon or the date of any such 
 expiration or early termination , as applicable , the " license option exercise closing date " ) . 
 ( b ) 
 if abbvie provide the license option exercise notice during the license option 
 period , upon abbvie ’s request , the party shall work together in good faith to conduct an analysis of whether any filing or 
 notification be or may be require to be file under the hsr act ( the " hsr filing " ) or any similar applicable foreign law or 
 regulation in connection with abbvie ’s exercise of the license option . the party shall each , as soon as practicable after the date of 
 harpoon ’s receipt of the license option exercise notice , file or cause to be file with the u.s . federal trade commission and the 
 u.s . department of justice and any relevant foreign governmental authority any such notification . the party shall use their 
 commercially reasonable effort to respond promptly to any request for additional information make by such agency . for the 
 purpose of this section 3.2.4(b ) , the commercially reasonable effort of abbvie shall not require abbvie to agree to any condition , 
 prohibition , limitation or the like propose by the u.s . federal trade commission or other government authority to dispose of or hold 
 separate any material portion of the business or asset of abbvie or its affiliate . the party shall equally share the filing fee in 
 conduct the hsr filing , and each party be responsible for the cost and expense of its own legal and other advice in prepare and 
 conduct the hsr filing . 
 3.3 
 [ ] at any time follow the early of [ ] . for clarity , if abbvie ’s [ ] shall be solely 
 responsible for any cost or expense associate with such additional obligation , and for provide [ ] to enable [ ] in connection 
 with the licensed compound and license product prior to abbvie ’s exercise of the license option . abbvie may elect to 
 exercise its option to carry 
 - 25 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 out [ ] and prior to the expiration of the license option period . 
 3.3.2 
  upon the date abbvie provide the [ ] , abbvie shall be deem to have enter into 
 the license set forth in section 5.1.2 . abbvie shall have the right , on a one - time only basis follow [ ] . abbvie shall have final 
 decision make authority with respect to all [ ] . 
 3.3.1 
 if abbvie [ ] and do not subsequently exercise the license option , then abbvie 
 shall [ ] . for clarity , ( a ) the foregoing license shall exclude [ ] , and notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary , 
 except as necessary for harpoon to exercise its right under the foregoing subclause ( a ) or as require by the foregoing subclause 
 ( c ) , [ ] , and ( b ) the requirement under the foregoing subclause ( c ) shall [ ] follow the termination of this agreement . 
 3.4 
 post - exercise development activity . follow the license option exercise closing date , 
 except for harpoon ’s responsibility in complete the initial development activity and deliver the final development report , 
 abbvie shall have the sole right to develop and manufacture ( and shall control all aspect of development and manufacturing ) , 
 include seek regulatory approval for , licensed compound and license product in the field and in the territory and , for 
 clarity , harpoon and its affiliate shall have no right to do so . follow the license option exercise closing date , abbvie shall use 
 commercially reasonable effort to develop and obtain regulatory approval for [ ] license product for [ ] for use in [ ] 
 major market . abbvie shall have the right to satisfy its diligence obligation under this section 3.4 through its affiliate or 
 sublicensee . except as set forth in this section 3.4 , abbvie shall have no other diligence obligation , express or imply , with respect 
 to the development of the licensed compound or license product in the territory . follow the license option exercise closing 
 date and until the first commercial sale of a licensed product in a major market , abbvie will provide to harpoon follow 
 disbandment of the jgc , [ ] report within [ ] after the end of each [ ] , in each case summarize the key development 
 activity undertake and summarize the result achieve with respect to the applicable licensed compound and license 
 product in all major market during such [ ] . prior to the disbandment of the jgc , abbvie shall provide the jgc 
 - 26 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 with interim update on such activity and result at its regularly schedule meeting . for clarity , if abbvie [ ] , [ ] and the final 
 development report ) , but abbvie shall have final decision make authority with respect to the conduct of such initial development 
 activities; provide that in no event may abbvie require harpoon to conduct any initial development activity , or to incur any cost 
 or expense in association with perform such initial development activity follow the license option exercise closing date , in 
 excess of the activity set forth in the initial development plan in existence immediately prior to the license option exercise closing 
 date . abbvie shall have the right , at abbvie ’s sole election , to assume and complete some or all of such initial development 
 activity at abbvie ’s sole cost and expense , and such step in follow the license option exercise closing date shall not [ ] . 
 3.5 
 supply of technology for development purpose . 
 3.5.1 
 immediately after the license option exercise closing date , harpoon shall , and shall 
 cause its affiliate to , without additional compensation , disclose and make available to abbvie ( which obligation may be satisfy by 
 grant personnel designate by abbvie control access to an electronic datum room ) , in such form as maintain by harpoon in the 
 ordinary course of business , regulatory documentation , harpoon know - how , joint know - how , and any other information claim 
 or cover by any harpoon patent or joint patent to the extent necessary or reasonably useful for abbvie ’s exploitation of the 
 license compound and thereafter until the completion of the initial development activity , promptly after the early of the 
 development , making , conception , or reduction to practice of such regulatory documentation , harpoon know - how , joint know- 
 how , or other information . 
 3.5.2 
 immediately after the license option exercise closing date , [ ] , and ( b ) harpoon shall 
 provide abbvie with all reasonable assistance require in order to transfer to abbvie the regulatory documentation , harpoon 
 know - how , joint know - how , and other information require to be produce pursuant to section 3.5.1 above , in each case in a 
 timely manner , and shall reasonably assist abbvie with respect to the exploitation of any license compound and any licensed 
 product , in each case subject to the limitation set forth in this section 3.5.2 . at abbvie 's request , harpoon shall execute a bill of 
 sale convey such inventory . without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , if visit of harpoon ’s representative to abbvie ’s 
 facility be reasonably request by abbvie for purpose of transfer the regulatory documentation , harpoon know - how , joint 
 know - how , or other information to abbvie or for purpose of provide abbvie the assistance reference in the precede sentence , 
 harpoon shall send appropriate representative to abbvie ’s facility . harpoon shall provide up to [ ] and abbvie shall [ ] as 
 mutually agree by the party in writing . 
 3.6 
 expense and invoicing . except as expressly set forth in this agreement , each party shall bear all 
 cost and expense associate with the development activity for which such party be responsible under this agreement and the 
 initial development plan; provide that ( a ) [ ] , harpoon ’s obligation to bear out of pocket cost shall be limit to [ ] ( the 
 " [ ] " ) and abbvie shall bear any out of pocket cost in 
 - 27 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] , and ( b ) [ ] abbvie have the right to assume follow determination of harpoon material breach pursuant to section 3.1.2 . to 
 the extent that the cost of [ ] , harpoon shall provide notice to the cmc working group . [ ] . to the extent consistent with 
 harpoon ’s obligation under this section 3.6 , [ ] if abbvie assume any initial development activity in accordance with section 
 3.1.2 , then abbvie shall invoice harpoon each [ ] for all reasonable direct internal ( i.e. direct personnel cost ) and document , out- 
 of - pocket cost associate with conduct such initial development activity [ ] , and , harpoon shall pay such invoice within [ ] 
 of receipt thereof . 
 subcontracting . 
 each party shall have the right to subcontract any of its development activity to a third party ( a " third party provider”); 
 provide that , solely with respect of third party provider perform service that be critical or material to the license compound 
 or licensed product ( such as contract research organization and contract manufacturing organization , ) harpoon must ( a ) [ ] ( b ) 
 except with respect to third party provider [ ] and ( c ) obtain a write undertaking from the third party provider sufficient for 
 harpoon to comply with the applicable term and condition of this agreement , include the confidentiality provision of article 9 . 
 3.8 
 regulatory matter . 
 3.8.1 
 pre - exercise regulatory activity . prior to the license option exercise closing 
 date , the follow shall apply : 
 ( a ) 
 harpoon shall have the sole right and responsibility to prepare , obtain and maintain 
 all ind necessary to perform its obligation under the initial development plan , and to conduct communication with the applicable 
 regulatory authority with respect to such ind [ ] submission to the applicable regulatory authority . harpoon shall provide 
 [ ] . 
 ( b ) 
 subject to the immediately follow sentence , harpoon shall provide abbvie with 
 ( i ) access to or copy of all material write or electronic correspondence ( other than regulatory filing ) relate to the development 
 of licensed compound or license product receive by harpoon or its affiliate from , or forward by harpoon or its affiliate 
 to , the regulatory authority in the territory , and ( ii ) if available , copy of meeting minute and summary of material meeting , 
 conference , and discussion hold by harpoon or its affiliate with the regulatory authority in the territory , in each case 
 - 28 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( ( i ) and ( ii ) ) [ ] of its receipt , forwarding or production of the foregoing , as applicable . if such written or electronic correspondence 
 receive from any such regulatory authority relate to the withdrawal , suspension , or revocation of a regulatory approval for a 
 license product , the prohibition or suspension of the supply of a licensed compound or licensed product , or the initiation of any 
 investigation , review , or inquiry by such regulatory authority concern the safety of a license compound or licensed product , 
 harpoon shall notify abbvie and provide abbvie with copy of such written or electronic correspondence [ ] after receipt of such 
 correspondence . 
 ( c ) 
 harpoon shall provide abbvie with prior write notice , to the extent harpoon have 
 advance knowledge , of any schedule material meeting , conference , or discussion with a regulatory authority in the territory relate 
 to a licensed product , [ ] after harpoon or its affiliate first receive notice of the scheduling of such material meeting , 
 conference , or discussion ( or within such short period as may be necessary in order to give abbvie a reasonable opportunity to 
 attend such material meeting , conference , or discussion ) . [ ] 
 ( d ) 
 for clarity , all information provide by harpoon to abbvie under this section 3.8.1 
 shall be the confidential information of harpoon . 
 3.8.2 
 post - exercise regulatory activity . effective on the license option exercise 
 closing date , the follow shall apply : 
 ( a ) 
 promptly after the license option exercise closing date and upon a mutually 
 agree upon date , but in any event no later than [ ] after the license option exercise closing date , harpoon shall transition to 
 abbvie all ind for licensed compound and licensed product . 
 ( b ) 
 as between the party , abbvie , at its sole expense , shall have the sole right to 
 prepare , obtain , and maintain the drug approval application ( include the setting of the overall regulatory strategy therefor ) , other 
 regulatory approval and other regulatory submission , and to conduct communication with the regulatory authority , for licensed 
 compound or license product in the territory ( which shall include filing of or with respect to ind and other filing or 
 communication with the regulatory authority ) . harpoon shall support abbvie , as may be reasonably necessary , in obtain 
 regulatory approval for the licensed product , and in the activity in support thereof , include provide necessary document or 
 other material require by applicable law to obtain regulatory approval , in each case in accordance with the term and condition 
 of this agreement and the initial development plan . 
 ( c ) 
 all regulatory documentation ( include all regulatory approval and product 
 labeling ) specifically relate to the licensed compound or license product with respect to the territory shall be own by , and 
 shall be the sole property and hold in the name of , abbvie or its designate affiliate , sublicensee or designee . harpoon shall duly 
 execute and deliver , or cause to be duly execute and deliver , such instrument and shall do and cause to be do such act and 
 thing , include the filing of such assignment , agreement , document , and instrument , as may be necessary under , or as abbvie 
 may reasonably request in connection with , or to carry out more effectively the purpose of , or to well assure and confirm unto 
 abbvie its right under , this section . 
 3.8.3 
 recall . abbvie shall make every reasonable effort to notify harpoon promptly ( and in 
 any event no later than [ ] ) follow its determination that any event , incident , or circumstance have occur that may result in the 
 need for a recall , market suspension , or market withdrawal of a licensed product in the territory , and shall include in such notice the 
 reasoning behind such determination , and any support fact . abbvie ( or its sublicensee ) shall have the right to make the final 
 determination whether to voluntarily implement any such recall , market suspension , or market withdrawal in the territory . if a recall , 
 market suspension , or market withdrawal be mandate by a regulatory authority in 
 - 29 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 the territory , abbvie ( or its sublicensee ) shall initiate such a recall , market suspension , or market withdrawal in compliance with 
 applicable law . for all recall , market suspension or market withdrawal undertake pursuant to this section 3.8.3 , abbvie ( or its 
 sublicensee ) shall be solely responsible for the execution thereof , and harpoon shall reasonably cooperate in all such recall effort , at 
 abbvie ’s expense . 
 3.8.4 
 compliance . each party shall perform or cause to be perform , any and all of its 
 development activity , include initial development activity , in good scientific manner and in compliance with all applicable law . 
 3.8.5 
 record . each of harpoon and abbvie shall , and shall use their commercially 
 reasonable effort to ensure that its third party provider shall , maintain record in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner 
 appropriate for patent and regulatory purpose , and in compliance with applicable law , which shall be complete and accurate and 
 shall properly reflect all work do and result achieve in the performance of its development activity which , follow the 
 effective date , shall record only such activity and shall , to the extent reasonably practicable , not include or be commingle with 
 record of activity outside the scope of this agreement . such record shall be retain by harpoon or abbvie , as the case may be , 
 for [ ] , or for such long period as may be require by applicable law . follow the license option exercise closing date , upon 
 abbvie ’s request , harpoon shall provide to abbvie copy of the record it have maintain pursuant to this section 3.8.5 which have 
 not be provide or otherwise transfer to abbvie pursuant to section 3.5 . abbvie shall maintain such record and the information 
 disclose therein in confidence in accordance with article 9 . 
 3.8.6 
 follow the license option exercise closing date , if abbvie reasonably consider that 
 it have not be provide with all information require to be provide under section 3.5 , or in connection with any request by a 
 regulatory authority or require under applicable law , abbvie shall have the right , [ ] , to inspect and copy all record of harpoon 
 maintain pursuant to section 3.8.5 . prior to the license option exercise closing date , abbvie shall not have such right to inspect 
 or copy harpoon ’s record , except to the extent require by applicable law , or as reasonably necessary to comply with a request 
 by a regulatory authority . abbvie shall maintain such record and the information disclose therein in confidence in accordance with 
 article 9 . 
 article 4 
 commercialization 
 4.1 
 in general . effective on the license option exercise closing date , abbvie ( itself or through its 
 affiliate or sublicensee ) shall have the sole right to commercialize licensed compound and license product in the territory at 
 its own cost and expense . 
 4.2 
 commercialization diligence . follow the license option exercise closing date , abbvie shall 
 use commercially reasonable effort to commercialize [ ] license product in [ ] major market follow receipt of 
 regulatory approval therefor in such major market; provide that [ ] ; provide far that , for purpose of clarity , [ ] . 
 - 30 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] if at any time harpoon have a reasonable basis to believe that abbvie be in material breach of its obligation under this section 
 4.2 , then harpoon may so notify abbvie , specify the basis for its belief , and the party shall meet within [ ] after such notice to 
 discuss in good faith harpoon ’s concern . 
 4.3 
 booking of sales; distribution . effective on the license option exercise closing date , abbvie 
 shall have the sole right to invoice and book sale , establish all term of sale ( include pricing and discount ) and warehousing , and 
 distribute the licensed product in the territory and to perform or cause to be perform all relate service . abbvie shall handle all 
 return , recall , or withdrawal , order processing , invoicing , collection , distribution , and inventory management with respect to the 
 license product in the territory . 
 4.4 
 product trademark . effective on the license option exercise closing date , abbvie shall have 
 the sole right to determine and own the product trademark to be use with respect to the exploitation of the licensed product on a 
 worldwide basis . harpoon shall not , and shall not permit its affiliate to , attack , dispute , or contest the validity of or ownership of such 
 product trademark anywhere in the territory or any registration issue or issue with respect thereto or use in their respective 
 business , any trademark that be confusingly similar to , misleading or deceptive with respect to or that dilute any ( or any part ) of the 
 product trademark . notwithstanding the foregoing , to the extent require by applicable law in a country or other jurisdiction in the 
 territory , the promotional material , packaging , and product labeling for the licensed product use by abbvie and its affiliate in 
 connection with the licensed product in such country or other jurisdiction shall contain ( a ) the corporate name of harpoon ( and to 
 the extent require , harpoon grant abbvie a license , with the right to sublicense , to use the same solely for such purpose ) , and ( b ) 
 the logo and corporate name of the manufacturer ( if other than abbvie or an affiliate ) . 
 4.5 
 commercial supply of license compound or licensed product . 
 4.5.1 
  commercial supply of license compound or licensed product . effective on 
 the license option exercise closing date , as between the party , abbvie shall have the sole right , at its expense , to manufacture 
 ( or have manufacture ) and supply the license compound and license product for commercial sale in the territory by abbvie 
 and its affiliate and sublicensee . 
 4.5.2 
 manufacturing technology transfer upon abbvie ’s request . abbvie shall have 
 the right , at any time [ ] the license option exercise closing date , as applicable , to require harpoon to effect a one - time full 
 transfer to abbvie or its designee ( which designee may be an affiliate or a third party manufacturer of license compound or 
 license product ) of all harpoon know - how specifically relate to the then - current process for the manufacture of the licensed 
 compound and licensed product , include process qualification and validation , quality assurance and quality control but exclude 
 [ ] ( the " manufacturing process " ) and to implement the manufacturing process at a facility designate by abbvie ( such 
 transfer and implementation , as more fully describe in this section 4.5.2 , the " manufacture technology transfer " ) . harpoon 
 shall provide , and shall use commercially reasonable effort to cause its third party manufacturer to provide ( include by use 
 commercially reasonable effort to negotiate contractual obligation for such third party manufacturer to do so under agreement 
 enter into follow the effective date ) , all reasonable assistance request by abbvie to enable abbvie ( or its affiliate or 
 designate third party manufacturer , as applicable ) to implement the manufacturing process at the facility designate by abbvie . if 
 request by abbvie , such assistance shall include provide reasonable assistance to abbvie to facilitate abbvie enter into 
 agreement with applicable third party supplier relate to the license compound and licensed product . without limitation 
 - 31 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 to the foregoing , in connection with the manufacture technology transfer , harpoon shall , and shall use commercially reasonable 
 effort to cause its third party manufacturer ( include by use commercially reasonable effort to negotiate contractual obligation 
 for such third party manufacturer to comply with the same obligation under agreement enter into follow the effective date ) 
 to : 
 ( a ) 
  make available to abbvie ( or its affiliate or designate third party manufacturer , 
 as applicable ) from time to time as abbvie may request , all [ ] to use and practice the manufacturing process; 
 ( b ) 
 cause all appropriate [ ] assist with the work up and use of the 
 manufacturing process [ ] ; 
 ( c ) 
 without limit the generality of section 4.5.2(b ) , cause all appropriate [ ] 
 employee and representative of harpoon and its affiliate and its third party manufacturer to meet with employee or 
 representative of abbvie ( or its affiliate or designate third party manufacturer , as applicable ) at the applicable manufacturing 
 facility and make available all necessary equipment , at mutually convenient time , to support and execute the transfer of all applicable 
 analytical method and the validation thereof ( include , all applicable harpoon know - how , method , validation document and other 
 documentation , material and sufficient supply of all primary and other reference standards); 
 ( d ) 
 take such step as be necessary to assist in reasonable respect abbvie ( or its 
 affiliate or designate third party manufacturer , as applicable ) in obtain any necessary license , permit or approval from 
 regulatory authority with respect to the manufacture of the license compound and license product at the applicable facilities; 
 and 
 ( e ) 
 provide such other assistance as abbvie ( or its affiliate or designate third party 
 manufacturer , as applicable ) may reasonably request to enable abbvie ( or its affiliate or designate third party manufacturer , as 
 applicable ) to use and practice the manufacturing process and otherwise to manufacture licensed compound and licensed 
 product . 
 except to the extent that a manufacturing technology transfer be request in connection with a breach of this agreement , 
 harpoon ’s obligation to provide personnel and support under this section 4.5.2 shall be limit to [ ] . thereafter , if request by 
 abbvie , harpoon shall use commercially reasonable effort to continue to perform such obligations; provide that abbvie will 
 reimburse harpoon for ( i ) [ ] ) , and ( ii ) [ ] for clarity , [ ] . 
 - 32 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 4.5.3 
 subsequent manufacturing technology transfer . without limit the foregoing , if 
 harpoon make any invention , discovery , or improvement specifically relate to the manufacture of a licensed compound or a 
 license product during the term , harpoon shall promptly disclose such invention , discovery , or improvement to abbvie , and shall , at 
 abbvie ’s request , perform technology transfer with respect to such invention , discovery , or improvement in the same manner as 
 provide in section 4.5.2 , provide that any such further technology transfer occur ( a ) prior to the license option exercise 
 closing date shall be at harpoon ’s sole expense and ( b ) after the license option exercise closing date shall be at abbvie ’s sole 
 expense . 
 article 5 
 grant of right 
 5.1 
 grant to abbvie . 
 5.1.1 
 effective upon the date that abbvie commence perform initial development 
 activity pursuant to section 3.1.2 , harpoon ( on behalf of itself and its affiliate ) shall grant and hereby grant abbvie a co- 
 exclusive ( with harpoon ) , royalty - free license , with the right to grant sublicense in accordance with section 5.3 , under the harpoon 
 patent , the harpoon know - how , and harpoon ’s interest in the joint patent and the joint know - how , solely to the extent 
 necessary for abbvie to conduct initial development activity assume by abbvie in accordance with section 3.1.2 ( if any ) . 
 5.1.2 
 upon the [ ] , harpoon ( on behalf of itself and its affiliate ) hereby grant to abbvie a 
 co - exclusive ( with harpoon ) , royalty - free ( subject to [ ] [ ] ) license , with the right to grant sublicense in accordance with 
 section 5.3 , under the harpoon patent , the harpoon know - how , and harpoon ’s interest in the joint patent and the joint know- 
 how , to develop and manufacture the licensed compound and license product solely to the extent necessary for abbvie to 
 perform [ ] . for clarity , with respect [ ] , abbvie acknowledge and agree that [ ] . abbvie far acknowledge and agree 
 that no sublicense be grant to abbvie under certain intellectual property right license from [ ] . 
 5.1.3 
 upon the license option exercise closing date , harpoon ( on behalf of itself and its 
 affiliate ) hereby grant to abbvie : 
 ( a ) 
 an exclusive ( include with regard to harpoon and its affiliate , except as 
 provide in section 5.6 ) license ( or sublicense ) , with the right to grant sublicense in accordance with section 5.3 , under the harpoon 
 patent , the harpoon know - how , and harpoon ’s interest in the joint patent and the joint know - how , to exploit the licensed 
 compound and license product in the field in the territory; 
 ( b ) 
 an exclusive ( include with regard to harpoon and its affiliate , except as 
 provide in section 5.6 ) license and right of reference , with the right to grant sublicense and further right of reference in 
 accordance with section 5.3 , under the regulatory approval and any other regulatory documentation that harpoon or its affiliate 
 may control with respect to the licensed compound or license product solely for purpose of exploit the licensed 
 compound and license product in the field in the territory . 
 - 33 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( c ) 
 the grant set forth in this section 5.1.3 will automatically come into full force and 
 effect on the license option exercise closing date without any further action require by either party under this agreement . 
 5.2 
 grant to harpoon . upon the effective date , abbvie hereby grant to harpoon a non - exclusive , 
 royalty - free license , without the right to grant sublicense ( other than to permit subcontractor of harpoon in accordance with 
 section 3.7 ) , under the abbvie patent , abbvie know - how , and abbvie ’s interest in the joint patent and the joint know - how , to 
 develop and manufacture the licensed compound or license product in the territory solely to the extent necessary for harpoon 
 to perform its obligation as set forth in , and subject to , the initial development plan . 
 5.3 
 sublicense . abbvie shall have the right to grant sublicense ( or further right of reference ) , through 
 multiple tier of sublicensee , under the license and right of reference grant in section 5.1.1 , 5.1.2 and 5.1.3 , to its affiliate and 
 other persons; provide that any such sublicense shall be consistent with the term and condition of this agreement and abbvie 
 shall remain liable for its obligation under this agreement and for the performance of all sublicensee . abbvie shall provide harpoon 
 with a copy of any such sublicense agreement within [ ] after the execution thereof , which copy may be redact with respect to 
 information not pertinent to compliance with this agreement . 
 5.4 
 distributorship . abbvie shall have the right , in its sole discretion , to appoint its affiliate , and 
 abbvie and its affiliate shall have the right , in their sole discretion , to appoint any other person , in the territory or in any country or 
 other jurisdiction of the territory , to distribute , market , and sell the licensed product . where abbvie or its affiliate appoint such a 
 person and such person be not an affiliate of abbvie and do not have right to , and do not , manufacture any licensed product 
 ( except solely to package or label such licensed product purchase in bulk form from abbvie or its affiliate ) , that person shall be a 
 " distributor " for purpose of this agreement . 
 5.5 
 co - promotion right . for purpose of clarity , abbvie and its affiliate shall have the right , in their 
 sole discretion , to co - promote the licensed product with any other person(s ) , or to appoint one ( 1 ) or more third party to promote 
 the licensed product without abbvie in all or any part of the territory . 
 5.6 
 retention of right . 
 5.6.1 
 notwithstanding the exclusive license grant to abbvie pursuant to section 5.1.3 , 
 harpoon retain the right to practice under the harpoon patent , the harpoon know - how , harpoon ’s interest in the joint patent 
 and the joint know - how , regulatory approval and any other regulatory documentation ( a ) to perform ( and to sublicense third 
 party to perform as permit hereunder ) its obligation under this agreement and ( b ) for any purpose outside the scope of the 
 license and right grant pursuant to section 3.2.3 and 5.1 , include to exploit any product or service other than license 
 compound or licensed product , subject to section 5.8 . except as expressly provide herein , harpoon grant no other right or 
 license , include any right or license to the harpoon patent , the harpoon know - how , harpoon ’s interest in the joint patent and 
 joint know - how , the regulatory documentation or any other patent or intellectual property right not otherwise expressly grant 
 herein . for clarity , if abbvie do not exercise its license option , harpoon retain all right under harpoon ’s interest in the joint 
 patent and the joint know - how , if any , to exploit the licensed compound and license product in its sole discretion without duty 
 to account to abbvie in connection with such use or exploitation . 
 5.6.2 
 except as expressly provide herein , abbvie grant no other right or license , include any 
 right or license to the abbvie patent , the abbvie know - how , the regulatory documentation , or any other patent or intellectual 
 property right not otherwise expressly grant herein . 
 5.7 
 confirmatory patent license . harpoon shall if request to do so by abbvie immediately enter into 
 confirmatory license agreement consistent with this agreement in the form or substantially the form reasonably request by abbvie 
 for purpose of record the license grant under 
 - 34 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 this agreement with such patent office in the territory as abbvie consider appropriate . until the execution of any such 
 confirmatory license , so far as may be legally possible , harpoon and abbvie shall have the same right in respect of the harpoon 
 patent and joint patent and be under the same obligation to each other in all respect as if the say confirmatory license have be 
 execute . 
 5.8 
 exclusivity with respect to the territory . 
 5.8.1 
 harpoon shall not , and shall cause its affiliate not to ( a ) directly or indirectly , develop , 
 commercialize or otherwise exploit any compete product in any country or other jurisdiction in the territory , or ( b ) license , 
 authorize , appoint , or otherwise enable any third party to directly or indirectly , develop , commercialize or otherwise exploit any 
 compete product in any country or other jurisdiction in the territory , except , in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) , as otherwise expressly 
 provide in this agreement . 
 5.8.2 
 notwithstanding the provision of section 5.8 , if , during the term , ( a ) harpoon or any of 
 its affiliate acquire , as the result of an acquisition , right to a compete product , such acquisition , and the development , 
 manufacture or commercialization of such compete product thereafter , shall not constitute a breach of section 5.8 if harpoon or 
 such affiliate , as applicable , [ ] ; or ( b ) harpoon undergo a change in control and the relevant acquirer be either then 
 commercialize a compete product , or have in development any compete product , such change in control , and the 
 commercialization ( or development and subsequent commercialization , if such compete product receive regulatory approval ) of 
 such compete product by such relevant acquirer or any of its affiliate , shall not constitute a breach of section 5.8; provide that 
 such ( x ) acquirer segregate the compete product and ( y ) abbvie shall have the right , in its sole and absolute discretion , by write 
 notice deliver to harpoon ( or its successor ) at any time during the [ ] follow the write notice contemplate by section 
 13.2.1 , to ( i ) terminate any or all provision of this agreement provide for any delivery by abbvie to harpoon of confidential 
 information of abbvie relate to activity contemplate by this agreement , save only for ( a ) article 6 , ( b ) information regard 
 sublicense pursuant to section 5.3 , ( c ) information regard the prosecution , enforcement , defense , litigation , infringement and 
 licensing of patent pursuant to ( 1 ) section 7.2.1 , 7.2.3 , 7.3.1 , 7.3.5 , 7.4 , and 7.5.2 , ( 2 ) solely with respect to joint patent , section 
 7.2.2 , 7.3.2 , and 7.5.3 , and ( 3 ) solely with respect to joint patent and harpoon patent , section 7.3.4 and 7.5.1 , ( d ) notice of any 
 license pursuant to section 5.9.2 , ( e ) safety datum pursuant to section 8.1 , ( f ) propose disclosure pursuant to section 9.5 , ( g ) 
 communication under section 11.4 and ( h ) notice pursuant to section 11.3 and 13.1; and ( ii ) disband the jgc and terminate its 
 activity , in which case the provision set forth in the last sentence of section 2.3 shall apply . 
 5.9 
 in - license agreement . 
 5.9.1 
 during the term , neither harpoon nor any of its affiliate shall , [ ] , not to be 
 unreasonably withhold , condition or delay , enter into any agreement with a third party relate to information , regulatory 
 documentation , material , patent , or other intellectual other property right [ ] . 
 5.9.2 
 follow the license option exercise closing date , if [ ] own or control by a 
 third party in a particular country or jurisdiction be necessary to exploit a licensed compound or licensed product , abbvie shall 
 have the first right , but not the obligation , to negotiate and enter into an agreement with a third party in order to obtain a license or 
 right under such patent or intellectual property right . if abbvie elect ( in a write communication submit to harpoon ) not to enter 
 into any such agreement , harpoon may enter into any such agreement . notwithstanding the foregoing , if a [ ] own or control 
 by a third party be [ ] 
 - 35 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] , then [ ] the cost associate with any such license to the patent or other intellectual property right of such third party 
 ( " abbvie [ ] right " ) . 
 5.9.3 
 if harpoon or any of its affiliate , after the effective date , become a party to a license , 
 sublicense or other agreement for [ ] , or as permit in section 5.9.1 or 5.9.2 , then harpoon shall inform abbvie and shall 
 provide abbvie with a copy of such license , sublicense , or other agreement ( " propose future in - license right " ) . if abbvie 
 notifie harpoon in write within [ ] after receipt of such copy that abbvie wish to receive a license or sublicense ( as 
 applicable ) under , and be subject to the right and obligation of , the propose future in - license right as they apply to abbvie and 
 this agreement , then the propose future in - license right shall automatically be include in the harpoon patent and/or harpoon 
 know - how ( as applicable ) hereunder and abbvie agree to abide by all applicable term and condition of such license , sublicense or 
 other agreement , as it relate to abbvie and this agreement , include payment of any financial obligation base upon abbvie ’s 
 practice of such intellectual property right . effective on and follow the license option exercise closing date , abbvie shall be 
 solely responsible for payment of any financial obligation under [ ] , and any license , sublicense or other agreement abbvie elect 
 to enter into with a third party that grant right to abbvie in connection with the manufacture of a license compound or license 
 product . except as provide in this section 5.9.3 , harpoon shall be solely responsible for and shall bear any and all payment under 
 any harpoon in - license agreement , include any agreement between harpoon and a third party enter prior to or on the 
 effective date . for the purpose of clarity , abbvie shall not be responsible for [ ] , or ( b ) [ ] relate to the manufacture of any 
 compound or product other than the licensed compound and licensed product . 
 article 6 
 payment and record 
 6.1 
 upfront payment . no later than [ ] follow the effective date , abbvie shall pay harpoon an 
 upfront , non - refundable , non - creditable amount equal to thirty million dollar ( 30,000,000 ) . 
 6.2 
 development and regulatory milestone . in partial consideration of the right grant by 
 harpoon to abbvie hereunder and subject to the term and condition set forth in this agreement , abbvie shall pay to harpoon a 
 non - refundable milestone payment within [ ] after the achievement of each of the following milestone , calculate as follow : 
 6.2.1 
 upon the license option exercise closing date , two hundred million dollar 
 ( 200,000,000); 
 6.2.2 
 upon first initiation of the phase i / ib trial under the initial development plan for a 
 license compound in the u.s . , fifty million dollar ( 50,000,000); provide that subject to section 3.1.3 , ( a ) if [ ] [ ] , but 
 [ ] , this milestone payment shall be [ ] , and ( b ) if such [ ] occur on or after [ ] , this milestone payment shall be [ ] ; 
 6.2.3 
 upon [ ] , [ ] ; 
 - 36 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 6.2.4 
 upon [ ] , [ ] ; and 
 6.2.5 
 upon [ ] and [ ] , [ ] . 
 each milestone payment in this section 6.2 shall be payable only upon the first achievement of such milestone and no amount shall be 
 due for subsequent or repeat achievement of such milestone , whether for the same or a different license compound or license 
 product . the maximum aggregate amount payable by abbvie pursuant to this section 6.2 be [ ] . 
 6.3 
 first commercial sale milestone . in partial consideration of the right grant by harpoon to 
 abbvie hereunder and subject to the term and condition set forth in this agreement , abbvie shall pay to harpoon the follow 
 non - refundable milestone payment due within [ ] after the achievement of each of the following milestone , calculate as follow : 
 6.3.1 
 upon [ ] license product , [ ] ; and 
 6.3.2 
 upon the first commercial sale for the first licensed product to achieve such [ ] , 
 [ ] . 
 each milestone payment in this section 6.3 shall be payable only upon the first achievement of such milestone and no amount shall be 
 due for subsequent or repeat achievement of such milestone , whether for the same or a different license compound or license 
 product . the maximum aggregate amount payable by abbvie pursuant to this section 6.3 be [ ] . 
 6.4 
 sale - base milestone . in partial consideration of the right grant by harpoon to abbvie 
 hereunder and subject to the term and condition set forth in this agreement , abbvie shall pay to harpoon the follow non- 
 refundable milestone payment due within [ ] after the end of the [ ] in which such milestone be achieve for the aggregate 
 sale of all licensed product in the territory , calculate as follow : [ ] . 
 each milestone payment in this section 6.4 shall be payable only upon the first achievement of such milestone in a [ ] , and no 
 amount shall be due for subsequent or repeat achievement of such milestone in subsequent [ ] , whether for the same or a 
 different license compound or licensed product . the maximum aggregate amount payable by abbvie pursuant to this section be 
 [ ] . 
 6.5 
 royalty . 
 - 37 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 6.5.1 
 royalty rate . as further consideration for the right grant to abbvie hereunder , 
 subject to section 6.5.3 , commence upon the first commercial sale of a licensed product in the territory , on a licensed product- 
 by - license product basis , abbvie shall pay to harpoon a royalty on net sale of each license product in the territory ( exclude 
 net sale of each license product in any country or other jurisdiction in the territory for which the royalty term for such licensed 
 product in such country or other jurisdiction have expire ) during [ ] at the following rate : 
 net sale in the territory of each license product in a [ ] 
 royalty rate 
 for that portion of aggregate net sale of each license product [ ] 
 [ ] 
 for that portion of aggregate net sale of each license product [ ] 
 [ ] 
 for that portion of aggregate net sale of each license product [ ] 
 [ ] 
 with respect to each licensed product in each country or other jurisdiction in the territory , [ ] . 
 6.5.2 
 royalty term . abbvie shall have no obligation to pay any royalty with respect to net 
 sale of any licensed product in any country or other jurisdiction after the royalty term for such licensed product in such country 
 or other jurisdiction have expire . 
 6.5.3 
 reduction . notwithstanding the foregoing : 
 ( a ) 
 if in any country or other jurisdiction in the territory during the royalty term for a 
 license product ( i ) there be [ ] , then for each such country 
 or other jurisdiction , start with the [ ] occur , the royalty payable to harpoon for the net sale of such licensed product in such 
 country or other 
 jurisdiction shall be [ ] set forth in section 6.5.1; ( ii ) there [ ] , then for each such country or other jurisdiction , start with the 
 [ ] , the royalty payable to harpoon for the net sale of such licensed product in such country or other jurisdiction shall be [ ] set 
 forth in section 6.5.1; and ( iii ) if for any [ ] during the royalty term [ ] in such country or other jurisdiction during such [ ] , then 
 the royalty due to harpoon pursuant to this section 6.5 in 
 such country or other jurisdiction shall be [ ] in each such [ ] . for purpose herein , ( a ) [ ] ( b ) [ ] 
 - 38 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) of the unit sale of such licensed product sell in that country or other jurisdiction by abbvie , its 
 affiliate and sublicensee . unless otherwise agree by the party , [ ] sell during a [ ] shall be as report by [ ] or any 
 successor or any other independent sale auditing firm reasonably agree upon by the parties; 
 ( b ) 
 if abbvie enter into an agreement with a third party in order to obtain a license 
 or right under [ ] own or control by such third party in a particular country or other jurisdiction pursuant to section 5.9.2 , 
 abbvie shall be entitle to deduct from [ ] hereunder with respect to a licensed product for a particular country or other 
 jurisdiction [ ] of [ ] pay to such third party ( exclude [ ] ) as consideration for the grant of the license or sublicense in 
 connection with such licensed product ( and to the extent reasonably allocable to the licensed product , if such third party 
 agreement be also applicable to other program or product of abbvie ) for such country or other jurisdiction; provide that in no case 
 shall such deduction reduce such [ ] set forth in [ ] [ ] . for clarity , no reduction shall apply in connection with payment make 
 by abbvie in connection with any [ ] ; 
 ( c ) 
 [ ] in a country or other jurisdiction in the territory , then , for the purpose of 
 calculate the royalty payable with respect to such licensed product under section 6.5.1 , [ ] ; and 
 ( d ) 
 if , and in such case from and after the date on which , a licensed product be 
 exploit in a country or other jurisdiction and such licensed product be not either or both ( i ) [ ] or ( ii ) cover by ( a ) [ ] 
 license product in such country or other jurisdiction or ( b ) a [ ] in such country or other jurisdiction , then the royalty rate set 
 forth in section 6.5.1 with respect to such country or other jurisdiction ( for purpose of calculation under section 6.5.1 ) , shall be 
 reduce by [ ] ;. 
 ( e ) 
 in no event will the cumulative reduction under the foregoing section 6.5.3(a ) 
 through 6.5.3(d ) reduce the [ ] payable to harpoon on any licensed product in any [ ] by great than [ ] of the amount 
 otherwise payable under section 6.5.1 for such licensed product . credit not exhaust in any [ ] may be carry into future 
 [ ] , subject to the forego sentence . 
 6.6 
 royalty payment and report . abbvie shall calculate all amount payable to harpoon pursuant to 
 section 6.5 at the end of each [ ] , which amount shall be convert to dollar , in accordance with section 6.7 . abbvie shall pay 
 to harpoon the royalty amount due with respect to a give [ ] within [ ] after the end of such [ ] . each payment of royalty 
 due to harpoon shall be accompany by a statement of the amount of net sale of each license product in each country or other 
 jurisdiction the territory during the applicable [ ] ( include such amount express in local currency and as convert to dollar ) 
 and a calculation of the amount of royalty payment due on such net sale for such [ ] , include the amount of any reduction 
 pursuant to section 6.5.3 . 
 6.7 
 mode of payment; offset . all payment to either party under this agreement shall be make by 
 deposit of dollar in the requisite amount to such bank account as the receive party may from 
 - 39 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 time to time designate by notice to the pay party . for the purpose of calculate any sum due under , or otherwise reimbursable 
 pursuant to , this agreement ( include the calculation of net sale express in currency other than dollar ) , a party shall convert 
 any amount express in a foreign currency into dollar equivalent use its , its affiliate ’s or sublicensee ’s standard conversion 
 methodology consistent with accounting standard . [ ] . 
 6.8 
 withholding taxis . 
 6.8.1 
 withholding amount . where any sum due to be pay to either party hereunder be 
 subject to any withholding or similar tax , the party shall use their commercially reasonable effort to do all such act and thing and 
 to sign all such document as will enable they to take advantage of any applicable double taxation agreement or treaty . in the event 
 there be no applicable double taxation agreement or treaty , or if an applicable double taxation agreement or treaty reduce but do not 
 eliminate such withholding or similar tax , the payor shall remit such withholding or similar tax to the appropriate government authority , 
 deduct the amount pay from the amount due to payee and secure and send to payee the well available evidence of the payment of 
 such withholding or similar tax . any such amount deduct by the payor in respect of such withholding or similar tax shall be treat 
 as having be pay by the payor for purpose of this agreement . if withholding or similar taxis be pay to a government authority , 
 each party will provide the other such assistance as be reasonably require to obtain a refund of the withhold or similar taxis , or to 
 obtain a credit with respect to such taxis pay . in the event that a government authority retroactively determine that a payment make 
 by the pay party to the receive party pursuant to this agreement should have be subject to withholding or similar ( or to 
 additional withholding or similar ) taxis , and such pay party ( the " withholding party " ) remit such withholding or similar taxis to 
 the government authority , include any interest and penalty that may be impose thereon ( together with the tax pay , the 
 " withholding amount " ) , the withholding party will have the right ( a ) to offset the withholding amount against future payment 
 obligation of the withholding party under this agreement or ( b ) to invoice the receive party for the withholding amount ( which 
 shall be payable by the receive party within [ ] of its receipt of such invoice ) , or to pursue reimbursement of the withholding 
 amount by any other available remedy . 
 6.8.2 
 withholding action . notwithstanding the foregoing , the party acknowledge and 
 agree that if abbvie ( or its assignee pursuant to section 13.4 ) be require by applicable law to withhold taxis in respect of any 
 amount payable under this agreement , and if such withholding obligation arise as a result of any action take by abbvie or its 
 affiliate or successor or assignee , include without limitation an assignment of this agreement as permit under section 13.4 of this 
 agreement , a change in tax residency of abbvie , or payment arise or be deem to arise through a branch of abbvie and such 
 withholding taxis exceed the amount of withholding taxis that would have be applicable if such action have not occur ( each an 
 " abbvie withholding tax action " ) , then , any such amount payable shall be increase to take into account such increase 
 withholding taxis as may be necessary so that , after make all require withholding harpoon ( or its assignee pursuant to section 
 13.4 ) receive an amount equal to the sum it would have receive have no such abbvie withholding tax action occur . harpoon 
 shall ( a ) use its commercially reasonable effort to obtain an exemption of such withhold amount to the extent practicable under 
 applicable law and ( b ) cooperate with abbvie to obtain a reduction or refund of such withhold amount . 
 6.9 
 indirect taxis . except as otherwise provide in this agreement , all payment due under this 
 agreement be exclusive of value add taxis , sale taxis , consumption taxis and other similar taxis ( the " indirect taxis " ) . 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , abbvie shall be responsible for any indirect taxis as well as any 
 transfer , documentary , sale use , stamp , registration , value add or other similar tax that be impose with respect to the payment or 
 the related transfer of right or other property pursuant to the term of this agreement . if the indirect taxis originally pay or 
 otherwise bear by the pay party be in whole or in part subsequently determine not to have be chargeable , all reasonably 
 necessary step will be take by the receive party to receive a refund of these undue indirect taxis from the 
 - 40 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 applicable governmental authority or other fiscal authority and any amount of undue indirect taxis repay by such authority to the 
 receive party will be transfer to the pay party within [ ] of receipt . 
 6.10 
 interest on late payment . if any payment due to either party under this agreement be not pay 
 when due , then such pay party shall pay interest thereon ( before and after any judgment ) at [ ] such interest to run from the 
 date on which payment of such sum become due until payment thereof in full together with such interest; provide however that 
 [ ] , then such interest [ ] , as adjust from time to time on the [ ] . 
 6.11 
 audit . abbvie shall , shall cause its affiliate to , and shall use commercially reasonable effort to 
 cause its sublicensee to , keep complete and accurate book and record pertain to net sale of licensed product , in sufficient 
 detail to calculate all amount payable hereunder . at the request of harpoon , abbvie shall permit an independent public accounting 
 firm of nationally recognize standing designate by harpoon and reasonably acceptable to abbvie , [ ] , to audit the book and 
 record maintain pursuant to this section 6.11 to ensure the accuracy of all report and payment make hereunder , include any 
 permit deduction from net sale pursuant to section 1.108 . such examination may not ( a ) be conduct for any [ ] [ ] ( b ) 
 be conduct more than once in any [ ] period or ( c ) be [ ] ( unless a previous audit reveal an underpayment with respect to 
 such [ ] ) . the accounting firm shall disclose to harpoon only whether the report be correct or not , and the specific detail 
 concern any discrepancy . no other information shall be share . except as provide below , the cost of this audit shall be bear by 
 harpoon , unless the audit reveal a variance [ ] from the report amount or [ ] , in which case abbvie shall bear the cost of 
 the audit . 
 6.12 
 audit dispute . in the event of a dispute with respect to any audit under section 6.11 , harpoon and 
 abbvie shall work in good faith to resolve the disagreement . if the party be unable to reach a mutually acceptable resolution of any 
 such dispute within [ ] , the dispute shall be submit for resolution to a certify public accounting firm jointly select by each 
 party ’s certify public accountant or to such other person as the party shall mutually agree ( the " audit expert " ) . the decision of 
 the audit expert shall be final and the cost of such determination as well as the initial audit shall be bear between the party in 
 such manner as the audit expert shall determine . not later than [ ] after such decision and in accordance with such decision , 
 abbvie shall pay the additional amount or harpoon shall reimburse the excess payment , as applicable . 
 6.13 
 confidentiality . the receive party shall treat all information subject to review under this article 6 
 in accordance with the confidentiality provision of article 9 and the party shall cause the audit expert to enter into a reasonably 
 acceptable confidentiality agreement with abbvie obligate such firm to retain all such financial information in confidence pursuant to 
 such confidentiality agreement . 
 6.14 
 [ ] the development and regulatory milestone payment , first commercial sale milestone 
 payment , sale - base milestone payment and royalty in section 6.2 , 6.3 6.4 , and 6.5 shall not apply at the same rate to 
 development and commercialization of licensed compound or license product [ ] for eligibility to be treat for such disease , 
 state , or condition with a licensed compound or license product or for monitor patient who be or have be treat with a 
 license compound or licensed product . in the event that a licensed compound or licensed product be develop for any such 
 purpose , [ ] for the sale of such licensed product that [ ] of such licensed product and [ ] , as applicable; provide that , for 
 clarity , any such [ ] 
 - 41 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] [ ] under this agreement with respect to license compound or license product that be [ ] . 
 6.15 
 no other compensation . each party hereby agree that the term of this agreement fully define 
 all consideration , compensation and benefit , monetary or otherwise , to be pay , grant or deliver by one party to the other party in 
 connection with the transaction contemplate herein . neither party previously have pay or enter into any other commitment to pay , 
 whether orally or in writing , any of the other party ’s employee , directly or indirectly , any consideration , compensation or benefit , 
 monetary or otherwise , in connection with the transaction contemplate herein . 
 article 7 
 intellectual property 
 intellectual property 
 7.1 
 ownership of intellectual property . 
 7.1.1 
 ownership of technology . subject to section 3.8.2(c ) and section 7.1.2 , as between the 
 party , each party , or their respective affiliate , shall own and retain all right , title , and interest in and to any and all : ( a ) information 
 and invention that be conceive , discover , develop , or otherwise make by or on behalf of such party or its affiliate ( include 
 subcontractor thereof ) under or in connection with this agreement , whether or not patented or patentable , and any and all patent 
 and other intellectual property right with respect thereto , except to the extent that any such information or invention or any patent or 
 intellectual property right with respect thereto , be joint know - how or joint patent , and ( b ) other information , invention , patent , 
 and other intellectual property right that be own or otherwise control ( other than pursuant to the license grant set forth in 
 section 5.1 and 5.2 ) by such party or its affiliate . 
 7.1.2 
 ownership of joint patent and joint know - how . subject to section 3.8.2(c ) , as 
 between the party , each party , or their respective affiliate , shall own an equal , undivided interest in and to any and all ( a ) 
 information and invention that be conceive , discover , develop or otherwise make jointly by or on behalf of harpoon or its 
 affiliate ( include subcontractor thereof ) , on the one hand , and abbvie or its affiliate ( include subcontractor thereof ) , on the 
 other hand , in connection with the work conduct under or in connection with this agreement , in each case whether or not patent 
 or patentable ( the " joint know - how " ) , and ( b ) patent ( the " joint patent " ) and other intellectual property right with respect to 
 the information and invention describe in subclause ( a ) ( together with joint know - how and joint patent , the " joint intellectual 
 property right " ) . each party shall promptly disclose to the other party in writing , and shall cause its affiliate , licensee and 
 sublicensee to so disclose , the development , making , conception or reduction to practice of any joint know - how or joint patent . 
 subject to the license and right of reference grant under section 5.1 and 5.2 and , in the case of harpoon , its exclusivity 
 obligation hereunder , each party shall have the right to exploit the joint intellectual property right without a duty of seek consent 
 from or account to the other party . notwithstanding the foregoing , with respect to ( 1 ) any [ ] , and ( 2 ) any [ ] . 
 7.1.3 
 united states law . the determination of whether information and invention be 
 conceive , discover , develop , or otherwise make by a party for the purpose of allocate proprietary right ( include patent , 
 copyright or other intellectual property right ) therein , shall , for purpose of this agreement , be make in accordance with applicable 
 law in the united states . 
 - 42 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 7.1.4 
 assignment . 
 ( a ) 
 each party shall cause all person who perform activity for such party under 
 this agreement to prospectively or be under an obligation to assign ( or , if applicable law do not permit such person to agree to 
 such assignment obligation despite such party ’ use commercially reasonable effort to negotiate such assignment obligation , provide 
 a license under ) all of their right in any information and invention result therefrom to such party , except where applicable law 
 require otherwise and except in the case of governmental , not - for - profit and public institution which have standard policy against 
 such an assignment ( in which case a suitable license , or right to obtain such a license , shall be obtain ) . 
 ( b ) 
 each party will promptly disclose to the other party in writing , the conception , 
 discovery , development or making of any joint know - how or joint patent by person who perform activity for it under this 
 agreement . each party will execute and record assignment and other necessary document consistent with such ownership 
 promptly upon request . 
 7.2 
 maintenance and prosecution of patent . 
 7.2.1 
 patent prosecution and maintenance of harpoon patent and joint patent . 
 ( a ) 
 subject to section 7.2.1(b ) , harpoon shall have the right , but not the obligation , 
 through the use of internal or outside counsel to prepare , file , prosecute , and maintain the harpoon patent and joint patent 
 worldwide , at harpoon ’s sole cost and expense . where a harpoon patent or joint patent [ ] . harpoon shall [ ] with regard to 
 the preparation , filing , prosecution , and maintenance of such harpoon patent or joint patent , include by provide abbvie with a 
 copy of material communication to and from any patent authority in the territory regard such harpoon patent or joint patent , 
 and by provide abbvie draft of any material filing or response to be make to such patent authority in the territory sufficiently in 
 advance of submit such filing or response so as to allow for a reasonable opportunity for abbvie to review and comment 
 thereon . harpoon shall consider in good faith the request and suggestion of abbvie with respect to such draft and with respect to 
 strategy for filing and prosecute such harpoon patent or joint patent in the territory . notwithstanding the foregoing , harpoon 
 shall promptly inform abbvie of any adversarial patent office proceeding or sua sponte filing , include a request for , or filing or 
 declaration of , any interference , opposition , or re - examination relate to a harpoon patent or joint patent in the territory . the party 
 shall thereafter consult and cooperate to determine a course of action with respect to any such proceeding in the territory and 
 harpoon shall consider in good faith all comment , request and suggestion provide by abbvie . [ ] if harpoon decide not to 
 prepare , file , prosecute , or maintain a harpoon patent or joint patent in a country or other jurisdiction in the territory , harpoon shall 
 provide reasonable prior write notice to abbvie of such intention ( which notice shall , in any event , be give no later than [ ] prior 
 to the next deadline for any action that may be take with respect to such harpoon patent or joint patent in such country or other 
 jurisdiction ) , abbvie shall thereupon have the option , in its sole discretion , to assume the control and direction of the preparation , filing , 
 prosecution , and maintenance of such harpoon patent or joint patent at its expense in such country or other jurisdiction . upon 
 abbvie ’s write acceptance of such option , abbvie shall assume the responsibility and control for the preparation , filing , prosecution , 
 and maintenance of such harpoon patent or joint patent . in such event , harpoon shall reasonably cooperate with abbvie in such 
 country or other jurisdiction as provide under section 7.2.3 . 
 ( b ) 
 on and after the license option exercise closing date with respect to a licensed 
 compound or licensed product , abbvie shall have the responsibility for and control over the 
 - 43 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 preparation , filing , prosecution , and maintenance of all harpoon patent that [ ] ( " product - specific patent " ) and joint patent , at 
 abbvie ’s sole cost and expense . for clarity , product - specific patent shall not include [ ] , include any patent that [ ] as long 
 as such harpoon patent do not include any claim [ ] . abbvie shall keep harpoon fully informed of all material step with regard 
 to the preparation , filing , prosecution , and maintenance of product - specific patent or joint patent . if abbvie decide not to prepare , 
 file , prosecute , or maintain a product - specific patent or joint patent in a country or other jurisdiction in the territory , abbvie shall 
 provide reasonable prior write notice to harpoon of such intention ( which notice shall , in any event , be give no later than [ ] 
 prior to the next deadline for any action that may be take with respect to such product - specific patent or joint patent in such 
 country or other jurisdiction ) , and harpoon shall thereupon have the option , in its sole discretion , to assume the control and direction of 
 the preparation , filing , prosecution , and maintenance of such product - specific patent or joint patent at its sole cost and expense in 
 such country or other jurisdiction . upon harpoon ’s write acceptance of such option , harpoon shall assume the responsibility and 
 control for the preparation , filing , prosecution , and maintenance of such specific product - specific patent or joint patent . in such 
 event , abbvie shall reasonably cooperate with harpoon in such country or other jurisdiction as provide under section 7.2.3 . 
 7.2.2 
 patent prosecution and maintenance of abbvie patent . abbvie shall have the 
 right , but not the obligation , to prepare , file , prosecute , and maintain the abbvie patent worldwide , at abbvie ’s sole cost and 
 expense . 
 7.2.3 
 cooperation . the party agree to cooperate fully in the preparation , filing , prosecution , 
 and maintenance of the harpoon patent and joint patent in the territory under this agreement . cooperation shall include : 
 ( a ) 
 without limit any other right and obligation of the party under this 
 agreement , cooperate with respect to the timing , scope and filing of such patent to preserve and enhance the patent protection for 
 license compound and licensed product , include the manufacture and use thereof; 
 ( b ) 
 execute all paper and instrument , or require its employee or contractor to 
 execute such paper and instrument , so as to ( i ) effectuate the ownership of intellectual property set forth in section 7.1.1 and 7.1.2; 
 ( ii ) enable the other party to apply for and to prosecute patent application in the territory; and ( iii ) obtain and maintain any patent 
 extension , supplementary protection certificate , and the like with respect to the harpoon patent and joint patent in the territory , 
 in each case ( ( i ) , ( ii ) , and ( iii ) ) to the extent provide for in this agreement; 
 ( c ) 
 consistent with this agreement , assist in any license registration process with 
 applicable governmental authority that may be available in the territory for the protection of a party ’s interest in this agreement; 
 and 
 ( d ) 
 promptly inform the other party of any matter come to such party ’s attention 
 that may materially affect the preparation , filing , prosecution , or maintenance of any such patent in the territory . 
 7.2.4 
 patent term extension and supplementary protection certificate . abbvie shall be 
 responsible for make decision regard patent term extension , include supplementary protection certificate and any other 
 extension that be now or become available in the future , wherever applicable , for abbvie patent , joint patent and product- 
 specific patent in any country or other jurisdiction 
 - 44 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 and for apply for any extension ( include patent term extension and supplementary protection certificate ) with respect to such 
 patent in the territory . harpoon shall provide prompt and reasonable assistance , as request by abbvie , include by take such 
 action as patent holder as be require under any applicable law to obtain such extension . abbvie shall pay all expense in regard to 
 obtain such extension in the territory . 
 7.2.5 
 european patent . on or after the license option exercise closing date , abbvie shall 
 have the sole right to decide whether a joint patent or a product - specific patent should be validate or maintain as a unitary 
 patent , whether and when such patent should be opt out of or opt in to the jurisdiction of the unified patent court ( upc ) 
 ( include withdrawal of an opt - out ) , as well as any other issue concern the jurisdiction of the upc in connection with such 
 patent . harpoon shall , at abbvie ’s cost and expense , cooperate with abbvie and provide to abbvie and submit to authority all 
 necessary document to effect such decision . 
 7.2.6 
 patent listing . with respect to each license product , abbvie will have the sole right 
 to list joint patent and product - specific patent with regulatory authority or other agency , include as require or allow under 
 applicable law . abbvie shall notify harpoon in writing of any harpoon patent that it intend to list with regulatory authority 
 relate to the licensed product and , prior to file any such listing , consult with and consider in good faith the request and 
 suggestion of harpoon regard the same . 
 7.3 
 enforcement of patent . 
 7.3.1 
 enforcement of harpoon patent . each party shall promptly notify the other party in 
 writing of any alleged or threatened infringement of the product - specific patent by a third party in the territory of which such 
 party become aware base on the development , commercialization or exploitation of , or an application to market , a licensed 
 product or a product contain a licensed compound in the territory ( the " product infringement " ) . abbvie shall have the sole 
 right , but not the obligation , to prosecute any product infringement involve any claim of product - specific patent at its sole 
 expense and abbvie shall retain control of the prosecution of such claim , suit or proceeding . harpoon shall have the right to join as a 
 party to such claim , suit , or proceed in the territory and participate with its own counsel at its own expense; provide that abbvie 
 shall retain control of the prosecution of such claim , suit , or proceed . during any such claim , suit , or proceeding , abbvie shall keep 
 harpoon reasonably informed of all material development in connection with such claim , suit or proceeding . if abbvie do not take 
 commercially reasonable step to prosecute ( include settle ) such a product infringement in a country or jurisdiction , then ( a ) 
 harpoon may , but be not obligate to , prosecute the product infringement at its own expense in such country or jurisdiction , and ( b ) if 
 harpoon prosecute such product infringement and obtain an injunction that prevent the sale of a biosimilar product by such third 
 party in such country or jurisdiction , abbvie shall not be entitle to apply any royalty reduction pursuant to section 6.5.3(a ) that 
 would otherwise apply as a result of the sale of such biosimilar product by such third party after the period of such injunction . 
 7.3.2 
 enforcement of abbvie patent and joint patent . 
 ( a ) 
 each party shall promptly notify the other party in writing of any alleged or 
 threaten infringement of the harpoon patent that be not product - specific patent , abbvie patent or joint patent by a third 
 party in the territory of which such party become aware base on the development , commercialization , exploitation , or an 
 application to market a licensed product or a product contain a licensed compound in the territory . 
 ( b ) 
 subject to section 7.3.3 and 7.3.4 , harpoon shall have the first right , but not the 
 obligation , to prosecute any such alleged or threaten infringement of harpoon patent that be not product - specific patent in the 
 territory at its sole expense and harpoon shall retain control of the 
 - 45 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 prosecution of such claim , suit or proceeding . if harpoon prosecute any such infringement , abbvie shall have the right to join as a 
 party to such claim , suit or proceed in the territory and participate with its own counsel at its own expense; provide that harpoon 
 shall retain control of the prosecution of such claim , suit or proceeding . during any such claim , suit , or proceeding , harpoon shall keep 
 abbvie reasonably informed of all material development in connection with such claim , suit or proceeding . if harpoon do not take 
 commercially reasonable step to prosecute the alleged or threaten infringement in the territory with respect to such harpoon 
 patent , then solely follow the license option exercise closing date , abbvie may prosecute such infringement in the territory at 
 its own expense , unless harpoon reasonably believe that the prosecution of such infringement by abbvie would have a material 
 adverse impact on harpoon ’s global patent portfolio , or upon the use or application of such harpoon patent in connection with other 
 product and compound control by harpoon , its affiliate or sublicensee . for clarity , this section 7.3.2(b ) be inapplicable to any 
 biosimilar patent litigation relate to any license compound or license product as set forth in section 7.3.3 and 7.3.4 . 
 ( c ) 
 abbvie shall have the sole right , but not the obligation , to prosecute any such 
 infringement of the abbvie patent in the territory at its sole expense and abbvie shall retain control of the prosecution of such 
 claim , suit or proceeding . 
 ( d ) 
 abbvie shall have the first right , but not the obligation , to prosecute any such 
 infringement of joint patent in the territory at its sole expense and abbvie shall retain control of the prosecution of such claim , suit 
 or proceeding . if abbvie prosecute any such infringement , harpoon shall have the right to join as a party to such claim , suit or 
 proceed in the territory and participate with its own counsel at its own expense; provide that abbvie shall retain control of the 
 prosecution of such claim , suit or proceeding . during any such claim , suit , or proceeding , abbvie shall keep harpoon reasonably 
 inform of all material development in connection with such claim , suit or proceeding . if abbvie do not take commercially 
 reasonable step to prosecute the alleged or threaten infringement in the territory with respect to such joint patent , then harpoon 
 may prosecute such infringement in the territory at its own expense . 
 7.3.3 
 patent exclusivity listing . if either party receive a copy of an application submit 
 to the fda under subsection ( k ) of section 351 of the phsa ( a " biosimilar application " ) name a licensed product as a 
 reference product or otherwise become aware that such a biosimilar application have be file ( such as in an instance describe in 
 section 351(l)(9)(c ) of the phsa ) , such party shall , within [ ] , notify the other party so that the other party may seek permission 
 to view the application and relate confidential information from the filer of the biosimilar application under section 351(l)(1)(b)(iii ) 
 of the phsa . if either party receive any equivalent or similar certification or notice in any other jurisdiction in the territory , either 
 party shall , within [ ] , notify and provide the other party with copy of such communication . regardless of the party that be the 
 " reference product sponsor " for purpose of such biosimilar application , ( a ) [ ] ; ( b ) abbvie shall have the right to list any abbvie 
 patent , joint patent , product - specific patent , and , upon the write consent of harpoon , such consent not to be unreasonably 
 withhold , condition or delay ( take into account , without limitation , the potential impact of such consent on harpoon ’s platform 
 technology and/or other product undergo development or commercialization by harpoon or its third party licensee and cover 
 by such harpoon patent ) , other harpoon patent , insofar as they cover the biosimilar product as require pursuant to section 351(l ) 
 ( 3)(a ) , section 351(l)(5)(b)(i)(ii ) , or section 351(l)(7 ) of the phsa , to respond to any communication with respect to such list from 
 the filer of the biosimilar application , and to negotiate with the filer of the biosimilar application as to whether to utilize a different 
 mechanism for information exchange than that specify in section 351(l ) of the phsa; and ( c ) [ ] shall have the sole right to 
 identify such patent or respond to communication under any equivalent or similar listing in any other jurisdiction in the territory . if 
 require pursuant to applicable law , [ ] shall prepare such list and make such response at [ ] harpoon shall cooperate with 
 abbvie ’s reasonable request in connection therewith , include meet any submission deadline , in each case , to the extent 
 require or permit by applicable law . abbvie shall ( a ) reasonably consult with [ ] 
 - 46 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] to a third party as contemplate by this section 7.3.3 , and shall consider in good faith harpoon ’s advice , request and 
 suggestion with respect thereto , and ( b ) notify harpoon of any such list or communication promptly after they be make . 
 7.3.4 
 conduct of biosimilar patent litigation include under the biologic price 
 competition and innovation act . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section 7.3 , abbvie shall be responsible for 
 initiate and manage any biosimilar litigation relate to licensed compound or license product worldwide . abbvie shall have 
 the first right to bring an action for infringement of the abbvie patent , joint patent , product - specific patent and , upon the write 
 consent of harpoon , such consent not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay ( take into account , without limitation , the 
 potential impact of such consent on harpoon ’s platform technology and/or other product undergo development or 
 commercialization by harpoon or its third party licensee and cover by such harpoon patent ) , other harpoon patent , include 
 as require under section 351(l)(6 ) of the phsa follow the agreement on a list of patent for litigation under section 351(l)(4 ) or 
 exchange of patent list pursuant to section 351(l)(5)(b ) of such act , or as require follow any equivalent or similar certification or 
 notice in any other jurisdiction . if harpoon decide pursuant to this agreement not to allow abbvie to include such other harpoon 
 patent in a litigation against a biosimilar applicant for a biosimilar product , harpoon shall not assert such patent in any litigation 
 against the same biosimilar applicant for the same biosimilar product without write approval by abbvie . the party ’ right and 
 obligation with respect to the foregoing legal action shall be as set forth in section 7.3.1 through 7.3.5; provide that within [ ] 
 of reach agreement on a list of patent for litigation under section 351(l)(4 ) or exchange of patent list pursuant to section 351(l ) 
 ( 5)(b ) , abbvie shall notify harpoon as to whether or not it elect to prosecute such infringement . either party shall , within [ ] , 
 notify and provide the other party with copy of any notice of commercial marketing provide by the filer of a biosimilar application 
 pursuant to section 351(l)(8)(a ) of the phsa , or any equivalent or similar certification or notice in any other jurisdiction . thereafter , 
 abbvie shall have the first right to seek an injunction or other remedy against such commercial marketing as permit pursuant to 
 section 351(l)(8)(b ) of the phsa . 
 7.3.5 
 cooperation . the party agree to cooperate fully in any infringement action pursuant to 
 this section 7.3 . where a party bring such an action in accordance with this agreement , the other party shall , where necessary , 
 furnish a power of attorney solely for such purpose or shall join in , or be name as a necessary party to , such action . unless 
 otherwise set forth herein , the party entitle to bring any patent infringement litigation in accordance with this section 7.3 shall have 
 the right to settle such claim; provide that neither party shall have the right to settle any patent infringement litigation under this 
 section 7.3 in a manner that impose any cost or liability on , or involve any admission by , the other party , without the express 
 write consent of such other party . the party commence the litigation shall provide the other party with copy of all pleading and 
 other document file with the court if do so would not waive any privilege or violate any court order or applicable law , and shall 
 consider reasonable input from the other party during the course of the proceeding . 
 7.3.6 
 recovery . any recovery realize as a result of such litigation describe in section 7.3.1 , 
 7.3.2 , or 7.3.5 ( whether by way of settlement or otherwise ) shall be first , allocate to reimburse the party for their cost and 
 expense in make such recovery ( which amount shall be allocate pro rata if insufficient to cover the totality of such expense ) . 
 [ ] 
 7.4 
 infringement claim by third party . if the manufacture , sale , or use of a license compound or 
 license product in the territory pursuant to this agreement result in , or may result 
 - 47 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 in , any claim , suit , or proceed by a third party allege patent infringement by abbvie ( or its affiliate or sublicensee ) , abbvie 
 shall promptly notify harpoon thereof in writing . subject to section 11.2 , abbvie shall have the first right , but not the obligation , to 
 defend and control the defense of any such claim , suit , or proceed at its own expense , use counsel of its own choice . harpoon 
 may participate in any such claim , suit , or proceed with counsel of its choice at its own expense . the assumption of the defense of 
 a claim that may be subject to section 11.2 by either abbvie or harpoon shall not be construe as an acknowledgment that harpoon 
 be liable to indemnify any abbvie indemnitee in respect of such indemnity claim , nor shall it constitute a waiver by harpoon of any 
 defense it may assert against an abbvie indemnitee ’s claim for indemnification . without limitation of the foregoing , if abbvie find it 
 necessary or desirable to join harpoon as a party to any such action , harpoon shall , at abbvie ’s expense , execute all paper and 
 perform such act as shall be reasonably require . if abbvie elect ( in a write communication submit to harpoon within a 
 reasonable amount of time after notice of the allege patent infringement ) not to defend or control the defense of , or otherwise fail to 
 initiate and maintain the defense of , any such claim , suit , or proceeding , within such time period so that harpoon be not prejudice by 
 any delay , harpoon may conduct and control the defense of any such claim , suit , or proceed at its own expense . each party shall 
 keep the other party reasonably inform of all material development in connection with any such claim , suit , or proceed . [ ] 
 under this section 7.4 shall be [ ] 
 7.5 
 invalidity or unenforceability defense or action . 
 7.5.1 
 notice . each party shall promptly notify the other party in writing of any alleged or 
 threaten assertion of invalidity , unpatentability or unenforceability of any of the harpoon patent , abbvie patent , or joint patent 
 by a third party , in each case in the territory and of which such party become aware . 
 7.5.2 
 harpoon patent . 
 ( a ) 
 subject to section 7.5.2(b ) , harpoon shall have the first right , but not the 
 obligation , to defend and control the defense of the validity , patentability and enforceability of the harpoon patent at its own expense 
 in the territory . abbvie may participate in any such claim , suit , or proceed in the territory with counsel of its choice at its own 
 expense; provide that harpoon shall retain control of the defense in such claim , suit , or proceed . if harpoon elect not to defend 
 or control the defense of such harpoon patent in a suit bring in the territory , or otherwise fail to initiate and maintain the defense 
 of any such claim , suit , or proceeding , then solely with respect to product - specific patent include in the harpoon patent , and 
 subject to section 7.5.2(b ) , abbvie may request to conduct and control the defense of any such claim , suit , or proceed at its own 
 expense , with harpoon ’s consent not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . 
 ( b ) 
 on and after the license option exercise closing date , abbvie shall have the 
 responsibility for and control over the defense of the validity , patentability and enforceability of product - specific patent at abbvie ’s 
 sole cost and expense . harpoon may participate in any such claim , suit , or proceed in the territory with counsel of its choice at its 
 own expense; provide that abbvie shall retain control of the defense in such claim , suit , or proceed . if abbvie elect not to 
 defend or control the defense of such product - specific patent in a suit bring in the territory , or otherwise fail to initiate and 
 maintain 
 - 48 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 the defense of any such claim , suit , or proceeding , then harpoon may conduct and control the defense of any such claim , suit , or 
 proceed at its own expense . 
 7.5.3 
 abbvie patent and joint patent . 
 ( a ) 
 abbvie shall have the sole right , but not the obligation , to defend and control the 
 defense of the validity and enforceability of the abbvie patent at its own expense in the territory . 
 ( b ) 
 the party who be prosecute the joint patent at the relevant time shall have the 
 first right , but not the obligation , to defend and control the defense of the validity and enforceability of the joint patent at its own 
 expense in the territory . the other party may participate in any such claim , suit , or proceed in the territory relate to the joint 
 patent with counsel of its choice at its own expense; provide that the party who be prosecute the joint patent at the relevant 
 time shall retain control of the defense in such claim , suit , or proceed . if the party who be prosecute the joint patent at the 
 relevant time elect not to defend or control the defense of the joint patent in a suit bring in the territory , or otherwise fail to 
 initiate and maintain the defense of any such claim , suit , or proceeding , then the other party may conduct and control the defense of 
 any such claim , suit , or proceed , at its own expense . 
 7.5.4 
 cooperation . each party shall assist and cooperate with the other party as such other 
 party may reasonably request from time to time in connection with its activity set forth in this section 7.5 , include by be join 
 as a party plaintiff in such action or proceeding , provide access to relevant document and other evidence , and make its employee 
 available at reasonable business hour . in connection with any such defense or claim or counterclaim , the control party shall 
 consider in good faith any comment from the other party and shall keep the other party reasonably inform of any step take , and 
 shall provide copy of all document file , in connection with such defense , claim , or counterclaim provide that do so would not 
 waive any privilege or violate any court order or applicable law . in connection with the activity set forth in this section 7.5 , each 
 party shall consult with the other as to the strategy for the defense of the harpoon patent and joint patent . neither party shall 
 have the right to settle any claim , suit , or proceed under this section 7.5 in a manner that impose any cost or liability on , or 
 involve any admission by , the other party , without the express write consent of such other party . 
 7.5.5 
 relationship to enforcement of patent . notwithstanding anything herein to the 
 contrary , the defense to any challenge of validity , enforceability or patentability of any of the harpoon patent , abbvie patent , or 
 joint patent that be raise in connection with or in response to an infringement action or a biosimilar litigation shall be control by 
 the party who control that infringement action or biosimilar litigation , and such party shall have the right to manage , resolve , settle or 
 dispose any such challenge accord to section 7.3 , provide that ( a ) with respect to any harpoon patent that be not product- 
 specific patent and be not involve in any biosimilar patent litigation , where abbvie be the control party in connection with an 
 infringement action , abbvie shall not resolve , settle or dispose of such action or litigation in any way that would admit liability on the 
 part of harpoon , or materially impact the validity , scope or enforceability of such harpoon patent , without harpoon ’s prior write 
 consent , not to be unreasonably withhold or delay , and ( b ) with respect to any harpoon patent for which harpoon do not give its 
 consent to include within a biosimilar litigation , and harpoon be the control party in connection with an infringement action involve 
 such patent , then harpoon shall be the control party in connection with the defense to any challenge of validity , enforceability or 
 patentability of such harpoon patent , but shall reasonably consult with abbvie in connection with any such defense , and shall 
 consider in good faith abbvie ’s reasonable comment in relation thereto . 
 7.6 
 product trademark . as between the party , abbvie shall own all right , title , and interest to the 
 product trademark in the territory , and shall be responsible for the registration , prosecution , maintenance and enforcement thereof . 
 all cost and expense of register , prosecute , maintain and enforce the product trademark shall be bear solely by 
 abbvie . harpoon shall provide all assistance and 
 - 49 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 document reasonably request by abbvie in support of its prosecution , registration , maintenance and enforcement of the product 
 trademark . 
 7.7 
 international nonproprietary name . as between the party , abbvie shall have the sole right and 
 responsibility to select the international nonproprietary name or other name or identifi for any license compound or license 
 product . abbvie shall have the sole right and responsibility to apply for submission to the world health organization for the 
 international nonproprietary name , and submission to the united states adopt name council for the united states adopt 
 name . 
 7.8 
 inventor 's remuneration . each party shall be solely responsible for any remuneration that may be 
 due such party 's inventor under any applicable inventor remuneration law . 
 7.9 
 common interest . all information exchange between the party regard the prosecution , 
 maintenance , enforcement and defense of patent under this article 7 will be deem to be confidential information of the disclosing 
 party . in addition , the party acknowledge and agree that , with regard to such prosecution , maintenance , enforcement and defense , 
 the interest of the party as collaborator and harpoon and licensee be to , for their mutual benefit , obtain patent protection and plan 
 patent defense against potential infringement activity by third party , and as such , be align and be legal in nature . the party 
 agree and acknowledge that they have not waive , and nothing in this agreement constitute a waiver of , any legal privilege 
 concern patent under this article 7 , include privilege under the common interest doctrine and similar or related doctrine . 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , to the extent a party have a good faith belief that any information require 
 to be disclose by such party to the other party under this article 7 be protect by attorney - client privilege or any other applicable 
 legal privilege or immunity , such party shall not be require to disclose such information and the party shall in good faith cooperate 
 to agree upon a procedure ( which may include enter into a specific common interest agreement , disclose such information on a 
 " for counsel eye only " basis or similar procedure ) under which such information may be disclose without waive or breach such 
 privilege or immunity . 
 article 8 
 pharmacovigilance and safety 
 8.1 
 pharmacovigilance . within [ ] after the license option exercise closing date , the party shall 
 enter into an agreement to initiate a process for the exchange of adverse event safety datum in a mutually agree format , include 
 postmarkete spontaneous report receive by the party or its affiliate in order to ( a ) with respect to abbvie , monitor the safety of 
 the license compound or license product and to meet reporting requirement with any applicable regulatory authority and ( b ) 
 with respect to harpoon , permit reasonable access to adverse event safety datum for licensed compound or licensed product , in 
 each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) at abbvie ’s expense . notwithstanding the forgoing , if any adverse event safety datum be receive or otherwise 
 generate by harpoon follow the license option exercise closing date and prior to the execution of such agreement , harpoon 
 shall , within [ ] of receive or otherwise generate such datum , provide such datum to abbvie by email to : [ ] . 
 8.2 
 global safety database . harpoon shall initially set up , hold and maintain ( at its sole cost and 
 expense ) the global safety database for licensed compound and license product with respect to safety datum obtain in 
 connection with the initial development activity . within [ ] after the license option exercise closing date , harpoon shall 
 transfer to abbvie , in an electronic format reasonably satisfactory to abbvie , the complete content of the safety database 
 maintain by harpoon pursuant to the immediately forego sentence , and thereafter abbvie shall set up , hold , and maintain ( at 
 abbvie ’s sole cost and expense ) the global safety database for licensed compound or licensed product . harpoon shall provide 
 abbvie with all information necessary or desirable for abbvie to comply with its pharmacovigilance responsibility in the territory , 
 include , as applicable , any adverse drug experience , from pre - clinical or clinical laboratory , animal toxicology and pharmacology 
 study , clinical study , and commercial experience 
 - 50 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 with a licensed compound or licensed product , in each case in any form agree upon between abbvie and harpoon at the time of 
 the request . 
 article 9 
 confidentiality and non - disclosure 
 9.1 
 product information . harpoon recognize that by reason of abbvie ’s status as an exclusive 
 optionee pursuant to the grant under section 3.2.3 , abbvie have an interest in harpoon maintain the confidentiality of certain 
 information of harpoon . accordingly , follow the license option exercise closing date and for the remainder of the term , 
 harpoon shall , and shall cause its affiliate and its and their respective officer , director , employee , and agent to , keep confidential , 
 and not publish or otherwise disclose , and not use directly or indirectly for any purpose other than to fulfill harpoon ’s obligation 
 hereunder any information own or otherwise control by harpoon or any of its affiliate specifically relate to any licensed 
 compound or licensed product , or the exploitation of any of the foregoing ( the " product information”); except to the extent ( a ) the 
 product information be in the public domain through no fault of harpoon , its affiliate or any of its or their respective officer , 
 director , employee , or agents; ( b ) such disclosure or use be expressly permit under section 9.3 , or ( c ) such disclosure or use be 
 otherwise expressly permit by the term of this agreement . product information shall not include [ ] . for purpose of section 
 9.3 , effective as of license option exercise closing date and for the remainder of the term , abbvie shall be deem to be the 
 disclose party with respect to product information under section 9.3 and harpoon shall be deem to be the receive party with 
 respect thereto . for further clarification , ( i ) without limit this section 9.1 , to the extent product information be disclose by harpoon 
 to abbvie pursuant to this agreement , such information shall , subject to the other term and condition of this article 9 , also 
 constitute confidential information of harpoon with respect to the use and disclosure of such information by abbvie , but ( ii ) the 
 disclosure by harpoon to abbvie of product information shall not cause such information to cease to be subject to the provision of 
 this section 9.1 with respect to the use and disclosure of such confidential information by harpoon . [ ] . 
 9.2 
 confidentiality obligation . at all time during the term and for a period of [ ] follow 
 termination or expiration hereof in its entirety , each party shall , and shall cause its officer , director , employee and agent to , keep 
 confidential and not publish or otherwise disclose to a third party and not use , directly or indirectly , for any purpose , any confidential 
 information furnish or otherwise make known to it , directly or indirectly , by the other party , except to the extent such disclosure or 
 use be expressly permit by the term of this agreement or be necessary or reasonably useful for the performance of , or the exercise 
 of such party ’s right under , this agreement . notwithstanding the foregoing , to the extent the receive party can demonstrate by 
 documentation or other competent proof , the confidentiality and non - use obligation under this section 9.2 with respect to any 
 confidential information shall not include any information that : 
 9.2.1 
 have be publish by a third party or otherwise be or hereafter become part of the 
 public domain by public use , publication , general knowledge or the like through no wrongful act , fault or negligence on the part of the 
 receive party; 
 - 51 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 9.2.2 
 have be in the receive party ’s possession prior to disclosure by the disclosing party 
 without any obligation of confidentiality with respect to such information; provide that the foregoing exception shall not apply with 
 respect to regulatory documentation ( exclude clinical protocol ) or joint know - how; 
 9.2.3 
 be subsequently receive by the receive party from a third party without restriction and 
 without breach of any agreement between such third party and the disclosing party; 
 9.2.4 
 be generally make available to third party by the disclosing party without restriction on 
 disclosure; or 
 9.2.5 
 have be independently develop by or for the receive party without reference to , or 
 use or disclosure of , the disclosing party ’s confidential information; provide that the foregoing exception shall not apply with respect 
 to regulatory documentation ( exclude clinical protocol ) or joint know - how . 
 specific aspect or detail of confidential information shall not be deem to be within the public domain or in the possession of the 
 receive party merely because the confidential information be embrace by more general information in the public domain or in the 
 possession of the receive party . far , any combination of confidential information shall not be consider in the public domain or 
 in the possession of the receive party merely because individual element of such confidential information be in the public domain 
 or in the possession of the receive party unless the combination and its principle be in the public domain or in the possession of the 
 receive party . 
 9.3 
 permit disclosure . each party may disclose confidential information to the extent that such 
 disclosure be : 
 9.3.1 
 in the reasonable opinion of the receive party ’s legal counsel , require to be disclose 
 pursuant to law , regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or other supra - national , federal , national , regional , state , 
 provincial or local governmental body of competent jurisdiction , ( include by reason of file with security regulator , but subject to 
 section 9.5); provide that the receive party shall first have give prompt write notice ( and to the extent possible , at least [ ] 
 notice ) to the disclosing party and give the disclosing party a reasonable opportunity to take whatever action it deem necessary to 
 protect its confidential information . in the event that no protective order or other remedy be obtain , or the disclosing party waif 
 compliance with the term of this agreement , the receive party shall furnish only that portion of confidential information which the 
 receive party be advise by counsel be legally require to be disclosed; 
 9.3.2 
 make by or on behalf of the receive party to the regulatory authority as require in 
 connection with any filing , application or request for regulatory approval of a licensed product in accordance with the term of this 
 agreement; provide that reasonable measure shall be take to assure confidential treatment of such confidential information to the 
 extent practicable and consistent with applicable law; 
 9.3.3 
 make by or on behalf of the receive party to a patent authority as may be necessary or 
 reasonably useful for purpose of prepare , obtain , defend or enforce a patent in accordance with the term of this 
 agreement; provide that reasonable measure shall be take to assure confidential treatment of such confidential information , to 
 the extent such protection be available; 
 9.3.4 
 make to its or its affiliate ' financial and legal advisor who have a need to know such 
 disclose party ’s confidential information and be either under professional code of conduct give rise to expectation of 
 confidentiality and non - use or under write agreement of confidentiality and 
 - 52 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 non - use , in each case , at least as restrictive as those set forth in this agreement; provide that the receive party shall remain 
 responsible for any failure by such financial and legal advisor , to treat such confidential information as require under this article; 
 9.3.5 
 make by the receive party or its affiliate to potential or actual investor or acquirer as 
 may be necessary in connection with their evaluation of such potential or actual investment or acquisition; provide that such person 
 shall be subject to obligation of confidentiality and non - use with respect to such confidential information substantially similar to the 
 obligation of confidentiality and non - use of the receive party pursuant to this article 9; 
 9.3.6 
 make by abbvie or its affiliate or sublicensee to its or their advisor , consultant , 
 clinician , vendor , service provider , contractor , existing or prospective collaboration partner , licensee , sublicensee , or other third 
 party as may be necessary or useful in connection with the exploitation of the licensed compound , the licensed product , or 
 otherwise in connection with the performance of its obligation or exercise of its right as contemplate by this agreement; provide 
 that such person shall be subject to obligation of confidentiality and non - use with respect to such confidential information 
 substantially similar to the obligation of confidentiality and non - use of abbvie pursuant to this article 9; or 
 9.3.7 
 make by harpoon or its affiliate after receive advanced approval from abbvie , to its 
 or their advisor , consultant , clinician , vendor , service provider , contractor , or other third party as may be necessary or useful 
 in connection with the performance of their obligation or exercise of their right as contemplate by this agreement; provide that 
 such person shall be subject to obligation of confidentiality and non - use with respect to such confidential information of abbvie 
 substantially similar to the obligation of confidentiality and non - use of harpoon pursuant to this article 9; provide , far , that the 
 advanced approval requirement set forth in this section 9.3.7 shall not apply to third party provider approve by abbvie pursuant to 
 section 3.7 . 
 9.4 
 use of name . except as expressly provide herein , neither party shall mention or otherwise use the 
 name , logo , or trademark of the other party or any of its affiliate ( or any abbreviation or adaptation thereof ) in any publication , 
 press release , marketing and promotional material , or other form of publicity without the prior write approval of such other party in 
 each instance . the restriction impose by this section 9.4 shall not prohibit either party from make any disclosure identify the 
 other party that , in the opinion of the disclosing party ’s counsel , be require by applicable law; provide that such party shall submit 
 the propose disclosure identify the other party in write to the other party as far in advance as reasonably practicable ( and in no 
 event less than [ ] prior to the anticipated date of disclosure ) so as to provide a reasonable opportunity to comment thereon . 
 9.5 
 public announcement . neither party shall issue any other public announcement , press release , or 
 other public disclosure regard this agreement or its subject matter without the other party ’s prior write consent , except for any 
 such disclosure that be , in the opinion of the disclosing party ’s counsel , require by applicable law or the rule of a stock exchange on 
 which the security of the disclosing party be list ( or to which an application for list have be submit ) . notwithstanding the 
 foregoing , harpoon shall be free to issue any public announcement , press release , or other public disclosure relate to ( a ) [ ] , ( b ) 
 [ ] , ( c ) [ ] , and ( d ) any publication , presentation or disclosure that be permit under section 9.6 , provide that any such 
 disclosure under ( a ) through ( d ) do not contain any confidential information of abbvie . in the event a party be , in the opinion of its 
 counsel , require by applicable law or 
 - 53 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 the rule of a stock exchange on which its security be list ( or to which an application for list have be submit ) to make such 
 a public disclosure , such party shall submit the propose disclosure in write to the other party as far in advance as reasonably 
 practicable ( and to the extent possible , at least [ ] prior to the anticipated date of disclosure ) so as to provide a reasonable 
 opportunity to comment thereon . notwithstanding the foregoing , abbvie , its sublicensee and its and their respective affiliate shall 
 have the right to publicly disclose research , development and commercial information ( include with respect to regulatory matter ) 
 regard the license compound and licensed product , provide that any such disclosure do not contain any confidential 
 information of harpoon . 
 9.6 
 publication . the party acknowledge that scientific publication must be monitor to prevent any 
 adverse effect from premature publication of result of the activity contemplate hereunder . prior to the license option exercise 
 closing date , if harpoon intend to publish , present ( include presentation at any scientific meeting ) or otherwise disclose 
 information relate specifically to the exploitation of the license compound or licensed product , harpoon shall provide abbvie 
 with such propose publication , presentation or disclosure at least [ ] prior to the intended publication date , provide that [ ] . 
 abbvie will have the right to reasonably review and comment to such publication , presentation or disclosure , and harpoon shall in 
 good faith consider any comment make by abbvie in such [ ] period . if such publication , presentation or disclosure contain 
 confidential information of abbvie , then upon abbvie ’s request during such [ ] period , harpoon shall delete any such information 
 identify by abbvie . if there be a dispute regard harpoon ’s right to publish prior to the license option exercise closing date , such 
 dispute shall be escalate to the senior officer of each party for resolution , provide that subject to the forego sentence , 
 harpoon shall have the right to make a final decision with respect to such publication . follow the license option exercise closing 
 date , harpoon shall not publish , present , or otherwise disclose , and shall cause its affiliate and third party provider and its and 
 their employee and agent not to disclose any product information without the prior write consent of abbvie , except as require 
 by applicable law . 
 9.7 
 return of confidential information . upon the effective date of the termination of this agreement 
 for any reason , either party may request in writing , and the other party shall either , with respect to confidential information ( in the 
 event of termination of this agreement with respect to [ ] terminate territory but not in its entirety , solely to the extent relate 
 specifically and exclusively to such terminate territory ) to which such other party do not retain right under the surviving 
 provision of this agreement : ( a ) as soon as reasonably practicable , destroy all copy of such confidential information in the 
 possession of the other party and confirm such destruction in write to the request party; or ( b ) as soon as reasonably practicable , 
 deliver to the request party , at such other party ’s expense , all copy of such confidential information in the possession of such 
 other party; provide that such other party shall be permit to retain one ( 1 ) copy of such confidential information for the sole 
 purpose of perform any continue obligation or exercise any survive right hereunder , as require by applicable law , or for 
 litigation or archival purpose . notwithstanding the foregoing , such other party also shall be permit to retain such additional copy 
 of or any computer record or file contain such confidential information that have be create solely by such party ’s automatic 
 archiving and back - up procedure , to the extent create and retain in a manner consistent with such other party ’s standard 
 archiving and back - up procedure , but not for any other use or purpose . 
 9.8 
 survival . all confidential information shall continue to be subject to the term of this agreement for 
 the period set forth in section 9.2 . 
 - 54 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 article 10 
 representation and warranty 
 10.1 
 mutual representation and warranty . harpoon and abbvie each represent and warrant to 
 the other , as of the effective date , as follow : 
 10.1.1 
 organization . it be a corporation duly incorporate , validly exist , and in good standing 
 under the law of the jurisdiction of its incorporation , and have all requisite corporate power and authority , to execute , deliver , and 
 perform this agreement . 
 10.1.2 
 authorization . the execution and delivery of this agreement and the performance by it 
 of the transaction contemplate hereby have be duly authorize by all necessary corporate action , and do not violate ( a ) such 
 party ’s charter document , bylaw , or other organizational document , ( b ) in any material respect , any agreement , instrument , or 
 contractual obligation to which such party be bind , ( c ) any requirement of any applicable law , or ( d ) any order , writ , judgment , 
 injunction , decree , determination , or award of any court or governmental agency presently in effect applicable to such party . 
 10.1.3 
 bind agreement . this agreement be a legal , valid , and bind obligation of such 
 party enforceable against it in accordance with its term and condition , subject to the effect of bankruptcy , insolvency , or other law 
 of general application affect the enforcement of creditor right , judicial principle affect the availability of specific performance , 
 and general principle of equity ( whether enforceability be consider a proceeding at law or equity ) . 
 10.1.4 
 no inconsistent obligation . it be not under any obligation , contractual or otherwise , to 
 any person that conflict with or be inconsistent in any material respect with the term of this agreement , or that would impede the 
 diligent and complete fulfillment of its obligation hereunder . 
 10.1.5 
 no misstatement or omission . the representation and warranty of such party 
 in this agreement , and the information , document and material furnish to the other party in response to such party ’ write 
 request for due diligence information prior to the effective date , do not , take as a whole , ( a ) contain any untrue statement of a 
 material fact , or ( b ) omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statement or fact contain therein , in light of the 
 circumstance under which they be make , not misleading . 
 10.2 
 additional representation and warranty of harpoon . except as set forth on schedule 10.2 , 
 harpoon far represent and warrant to abbvie , as of the effective date , as follow : 
 10.2.1 
 all harpoon patent exist as of the effective date be list on schedule 10.2.1 ( the 
 " exist patent " ) . to harpoon ’s knowledge , all exist patent exist as of the effective date be subsist and , to 
 harpoon ’s knowledge , be not invalid or unenforceable , in whole or in part , be be diligently prosecute in the applicable patent 
 office in the territory in accordance with applicable law , and have be file and maintain properly and correctly in all material 
 aspect and all applicable fee have be pay on or before the due date for payment . 
 10.2.2 
 there be no judgment , or settlement against , or amount with respect thereto , owe 
 by harpoon or any of its affiliate relate to the exist patent , or the harpoon know - how . no claim or litigation have be 
 bring or threaten in writing or any other form by any person allege , and harpoon have no knowledge of any claim , whether or 
 not assert , that the exist patent be invalid or unenforceable . to harpoon ’s knowledge , the development or commercialization 
 of the licensed compound or license product as contemplated herein , do not or will not violate , infringe , misappropriate or 
 otherwise conflict or interfere with , any patent or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any third 
 - 55 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 party . to harpoon ’s knowledge , no person be infringe or threaten to infringe or misappropriate or threaten to misappropriate 
 the exist patent or the harpoon know - how . 
 10.2.3 
 harpoon be ( a ) the sole and exclusive owner of the entire right , title and interest in the 
 exist patent list on schedule 10.2.1 , part a ( the " own patent " ) and the harpoon know - how and ( b ) the sole and 
 exclusive licensee of the exist patent list on schedule 10.2.1 , part b ( the " in - license patent " ) which be subject to valid 
 and enforceable in - license agreement , in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) free of any encumbrance , lien , or claim of ownership by any third 
 party . harpoon be entitle to grant the license specify herein . the own patent and in - license patent represent all of the 
 exist patent . 
 10.2.4 
 harpoon have the right to use and license ( or sublicense as the case may be ) to abbvie 
 all information and patent necessary to develop , manufacture and commercialize the licensed compound and the licensed 
 product as contemplated herein . the harpoon patent and harpoon know - how be not and will not be subject to any license or 
 other agreement to which harpoon or any of its affiliate be a party other than a harpoon in - license agreement . 
 10.2.5 
 as of the effective date , none of harpoon or its affiliate and , to harpoon ’s 
 knowledge , any third party be in material breach of any harpoon in - license agreement . 
 10.2.6 
 true , complete , and correct copy of : ( a ) harpoon in - license agreements; and ( b ) all 
 material adverse information with respect to the safety and efficacy of the licensed compound know to harpoon , in each case ( ( a ) 
 through ( c ) ) have be provide or make available to abbvie prior to the effective date . 
 10.2.7 
 harpoon and its affiliate have generate , prepare , maintain , and retain all 
 regulatory documentation that be require to be maintain or retain pursuant to and in accordance with applicable law , and all 
 such information be in all material aspect true , complete and correct and what it purport to be . 
 10.2.8 
 each person who have or have have any right in or to any own patent or any harpoon 
 know - how , include any current or former officer , employee , agent or consultant of harpoon or any of its affiliate , have assign 
 and have execute an agreement assign its entire right , title , and interest in and to such own patent and harpoon know - how to 
 harpoon . to harpoon ’s knowledge , no current or former officer , employee , agent , or consultant of harpoon or any of its affiliate be 
 in material violation of any term of any assignment or other agreement regard the protection of patent or other intellectual 
 property or proprietary information of harpoon or any third party relate to the harpoon patent , harpoon know - how , license 
 compound or licensed product . 
 10.2.9 
 all right in all invention and discovery , make , develop , or conceive by any 
 employee or independent contractor of harpoon or any of its affiliate , and include in harpoon know - how or that be the subject of 
 one ( 1 ) or more exist patent have be assign in writing to harpoon or such affiliate . 
 10.2.10 
 harpoon have obtain the right ( include under any patent and other intellectual 
 property right ) to use all material information and other material ( include any formulation and manufacturing process and 
 procedure ) develop or deliver by any third party under any agreement between harpoon and any such third party that be 
 necessary or reasonably useful for the development or commercialization of licensed compound , and harpoon have the right under 
 each such agreement to license and transfer such information or other material to abbvie and its designee and to grant abbvie the 
 right to use such information or other material in the development or commercialization of the licensed compound or the licensed 
 product as set forth in this agreement . 
 - 56 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 10.2.11 
 harpoon have make ( and will make ) available to abbvie , as set forth in section 3.5.1 , all 
 regulatory documentation and harpoon know - how and all such regulatory documentation and harpoon know - how be ( and , if 
 make available after the effective date , will be ) , to harpoon ’s knowledge , true , complete , and correct . neither harpoon nor any of 
 its affiliate have any knowledge of [ ] that have not be disclose to abbvie as of the effective date . [ ] of a licensed 
 product . 
 10.2.12 
 neither harpoon nor any of its affiliate , nor any of its or their respective officer , 
 employee , or , to harpoon ’s knowledge , agent have make an untrue statement of material fact or fraudulent statement to the fda or 
 any other regulatory authority with respect to the development of the licensed compound or the licensed product , fail to 
 disclose a material fact require to be disclose to the fda or any other regulatory authority with respect to the development of the 
 license compound or the licensed product , or commit an act , make a statement , or fail to make a statement with respect to 
 the development of the licensed compound or the licensed product that could reasonably be expect to provide a basis for the 
 fda to invoke its policy respect " fraud , untrue statement of material fact , bribery , and illegal gratuity " , set forth in 56 fed . 
 reg . 46191 ( september 10 , 1991 ) and any amendment thereto or any analogous law or policy in the territory . 
 10.2.13 
 there be no amount that will be require to be pay to a third party as a result of the 
 development or commercialization of the licensed compound or license product that arise out of any agreement to which 
 harpoon or any of its affiliate be a party . 
 10.2.14 
 neither harpoon nor any of its employee nor , to harpoon ’s knowledge , agent 
 perform hereunder , have ever be , be currently , or be the subject of a proceeding that could lead to it or such employee or 
 agent become , as applicable , a debarred entity or debarred individual , an exclude entity or exclude individual or a convict 
 entity or convict individual or add to the fda ’s disqualify / restrict list . if , during the term , harpoon , or any of its 
 employee or agent perform hereunder , become or be the subject of a proceeding that could lead to a person become , as 
 applicable , a debarred entity or debarred individual , an exclude entity or exclude individual or a convict entity or convict 
 individual or add to the fda ’s disqualify / restrict list , harpoon shall immediately notify abbvie , and abbvie shall have the 
 right , exercisable upon write notice give by abbvie to terminate this agreement . for purpose of this agreement , the follow 
 definition shall apply : 
 ( a ) 
 a " debarred individual " be an individual who have be debar by the fda 
 pursuant to 21 u.s.c . § 335a ( a ) or ( b ) from provide service in any capacity to a person that have an approve or pende drug or 
 biological product application . 
 ( b ) 
 a " debarred entity " be a corporation , partnership or association that have be 
 debar by the fda pursuant to 21 u.s.c . § 335a ( a ) or ( b ) from submit or assist in the submission of any drug approval 
 application , or a subsidiary or affiliate of a debarred entity . 
 ( c ) 
 an " exclude individual " or " exclude entity " be ( a ) an individual or entity , 
 as applicable , who have be exclude , debar , suspend or be otherwise ineligible to participate in federal health care program 
 such as medicare or medicaid by the office of the inspector general ( oig / hhs ) of the u.s . department of health and human 
 service , or ( b ) be an individual or entity , as applicable , who have be exclude , debar , suspend or be otherwise ineligible to 
 participate in federal procurement and non - procurement program , include those produce by the u.s . general services 
 administration ( gsa ) . 
 - 57 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( d ) 
 a " convict individual " or " convict entity " be an individual or entity , as 
 applicable , who have be convict of a criminal offense that fall within the ambit of 21 u.s.c . § 335a ( a ) or 42 u.s.c . § 1320a - 
 7(a ) , but have not yet be exclude , debar , suspend or otherwise declare ineligible . 
 ( e ) 
 " fda ’s disqualify / restrict list " be the list of clinical investigator 
 restrict from receive investigational drug , biologic , or device if the fda have determine that the investigator have repeatedly 
 or deliberately fail to comply with regulatory requirement for study or have submit false information to the study sponsor or 
 the fda .. 
 10.2.15 
 the invention claim or cover by the exist patent ( a ) be not conceive , 
 discover , develop , or otherwise make in connection with any research activity fund , in whole or in part , by the federal 
 government of the united states or any agency thereof , and ( b ) be not a " subject invention " as that term be describe in 35 u.s.c . 
 section 201(f ) . 
 10.3 
 covenant of harpoon . harpoon covenant to abbvie as follow : 
 10.3.1 
 during the term , neither harpoon nor any of its affiliate shall encumber or diminish the 
 right grant to abbvie hereunder with respect to the harpoon patent , include by not ( a ) commit any act or knowingly 
 permit the occurrence of any omission that would cause the breach or termination of any harpoon in - license agreement , or ( b ) 
 amending or otherwise modify or permit to be amend or modify , any harpoon in - license agreement , where such 
 amendment or modification would adversely affect the right grant to abbvie hereunder . harpoon shall promptly provide abbvie 
 with notice of any allege , threaten , or actual breach of any harpoon in - license agreement . 
 10.3.2 
 at any time follow the [ ] and prior to the expiration of the option period 
 ( as [ ] ) , at abbvie ’s request , harpoon shall , at its sole cost and expense , exercise its option to acquire the commercial license 
 [ ] for licensed product pursuant to [ ] . harpoon shall exercise such commercial license promptly follow write notice of 
 such election by abbvie to harpoon . for clarity , harpoon shall not be responsible for any payment of any financial obligation 
 result from any agreement abbvie elect to enter into with a third party in connection with the manufacture of a licensed 
 compound or license product under [ ] . 
 10.3.3 
 harpoon and its affiliate will employ person with appropriate knowledge , expertise 
 and experience to conduct and to oversee the initial development activity . 
 10.3.4 
 harpoon shall have obtain from each of its affiliate , sublicensee , employee and 
 agent who be participate in the exploitation of the licensed compound or license product or who otherwise have access to 
 any abbvie information or other confidential information of abbvie in connection with activity under this agreement , right to any 
 and all information that arise from or relate to such participation and be necessary or reasonably useful for the development or 
 commercialization of licensed compound or licensed product , in each case prior to the performance of or participation in such 
 activity , such that abbvie shall , by virtue of this agreement , receive from harpoon , without payment beyond those require by 
 article 6 , the license and other right grant to abbvie hereunder . 
 10.4 
 covenant of abbvie . abbvie covenant to harpoon as follow : 
 10.4.1 
 abbvie shall have obtain from each of its affiliate , sublicensee , employee and 
 agent who be participate in the exploitation of the licensed compound or license product or who otherwise have access to 
 any harpoon information or other confidential information of harpoon in connection with activity under this agreement , right to 
 any and all information that arise from 
 - 58 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 or relate to such participation or access and be necessary or reasonably useful for the development or commercialization of 
 license compound or licensed product , in each case prior to the performance of or participation in such activity , such that 
 harpoon shall , by virtue of this agreement , receive from abbvie , without additional consideration , the license specify in section 
 5.2 . 
 10.5 
 disclaimer of warranty . except for the express warranty set 
 forth herein , neither party make any representation or grant any warranty , express or 
 imply , either in fact or by operation of law , by statute or otherwise , and each party 
 specifically disclaim any other warranty , whether written or oral , or express or imply , 
 include any warranty of quality , merchantability , or fitness for a particular use or 
 purpose or any warranty as to the validity of any patent or the non - infringement of any 
 intellectual property right of third party . 
 article 11 
 indemnity 
 11.1 
 indemnification of harpoon . abbvie shall indemnify harpoon , its affiliate and its and their 
 respective director , officer , employee , and agent ( the " harpoon indemnitee " ) and defend and save each of they harmless , 
 from and against any and all loss , damage , liability , penalty , cost , taxis ( include penalty and interest ) and expense 
 ( include reasonable attorney ’ fee and expense ) ( collectively , " loss " ) in connection with any and all suit , investigation , 
 claim , or demand of third party ( collectively , " third party claim " ) incur by or render against the harpoon indemnitee 
 arise from or occur as a result of : [ ] 
 11.2 
 indemnification of abbvie . harpoon shall indemnify abbvie , its affiliate and its and their 
 respective director , officer , employee , and agent ( the " abbvie indemnitee " ) , and defend and save each of they harmless , 
 from and against any and all loss in connection with any and all third party claim incur by or render against the abbvie 
 indemnitee arise from or occur as a result of : [ ] 
 11.3 
 notice of claim . all indemnification claim in respect of a party , its affiliate , or their respective 
 director , officer , employee and agent shall be make solely by such party to this agreement ( the " indemnified party " ) . the 
 indemnify party shall give the indemnify party prompt write notice ( an " indemnification claim notice " ) of any loss or 
 discovery of fact upon which such indemnified party intend to base a request for indemnification under this article 11 , but in no 
 event shall the indemnify party be liable for any loss to the extent result from any delay in provide such notice . each 
 indemnification claim notice must contain a description of the claim and the nature and amount of such loss ( to the extent 
 - 59 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 that the nature and amount of such loss be know at such time ) . the indemnified party shall furnish promptly to the indemnifying 
 party copy of all paper and official document receive in respect of any loss and third party claim . 
 11.4 
 control of defense . 
 11.4.1 
 in general . subject to the provision of section 7.4 ( if applicable ) , 7.5 and 7.6 , at its 
 option , the indemnify party may assume the defense of any third party claim by give write notice to the indemnified party 
 within [ ] after the indemnify party ’s receipt of an indemnification claim notice . the assumption of the defense of a third 
 party claim by the indemnify party shall not be construe as an acknowledgment that the indemnify party be liable to indemnify 
 the indemnified party in respect of the third party claim , nor shall it constitute a waiver by the indemnify party of any defense it 
 may assert against the indemnified party ’s claim for indemnification . upon assume the defense of a third party claim , the 
 indemnify party may appoint as lead counsel in the defense of the third party claim any legal counsel select by the 
 indemnify party which shall be reasonably acceptable to the indemnified party . in the event the indemnify party assume the 
 defense of a third party claim , the indemnified party shall promptly deliver to the indemnify party all original notice and 
 document ( include court paper ) receive by the indemnified party in connection with the third party claim . should the 
 indemnify party assume the defense of a third party claim , except as provide in section 11.4.2 , the indemnify party shall not 
 be liable to the indemnified party for any legal expense subsequently incur by such indemnified party in connection with the 
 analysis , defense or settlement of the third party claim unless specifically request in writing by the indemnify party . in the 
 event that it be ultimately determined that the indemnify party be not obligate to indemnify , defend or hold harmless the indemnified 
 party from and against the third party claim , the indemnified party shall reimburse the indemnify party for any loss incur 
 by the indemnify party in its defense of the third party claim . 
 11.4.2 
 right to participate in defense . without limit section 11.4.1 , any indemnified 
 party shall be entitle to participate in , but not control , the defense of such third party claim and to employ counsel of its choice for 
 such purpose; provide that such employment shall be at the indemnified party ’s own expense unless ( a ) the employment thereof , 
 and the assumption by the indemnify party of such expense , have be specifically authorize by the indemnify party in writing , 
 ( b ) the indemnify party have fail to assume the defense and employ counsel in accordance with section 11.4.1 ( in which case the 
 indemnify party shall control the defense ) , or ( c ) the interest of the indemnified party and the indemnify party with respect to 
 such third party claim be sufficiently adverse to prohibit the representation by the same counsel of both party under applicable 
 law , ethical rule or equitable principle ( in which case the indemnify party shall control its defense and the indemnified party 
 shall control the defense of the indemnified party ) . 
 11.4.3 
 settlement . with respect to any loss relate solely to the payment of money 
 damage in connection with a third party claim and that shall not result in the indemnified party ’s become subject to injunctive or 
 other relief , and as to which the indemnify party shall have acknowledge in write the obligation to indemnify the indemnified 
 party hereunder , the indemnify party shall have the sole right to consent to the entry of any judgment , enter into any settlement or 
 otherwise dispose of such loss , on such term as the indemnify party , in its sole discretion , shall deem appropriate . with respect to 
 all other loss in connection with third party claim , where the indemnify party have assume the defense of the third party 
 claim in accordance with section 11.4.1 , the indemnify party shall have authority to consent to the entry of any judgment , enter 
 into any settlement or otherwise dispose of such loss; provide that it obtain the prior write consent of the indemnified party 
 ( which consent shall not be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay ) . if the indemnify party do not assume and conduct 
 the defense of a third party claim as provide above , the indemnified party may defend against such third party claim . regardless 
 of whether the indemnify party choose to defend or prosecute any third party claim , no indemnified party shall admit any 
 liability with respect to , or settle , compromise or dispose of , any third party claim without 
 - 60 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 the prior write consent of the indemnify party . the indemnify party shall not be liable for any settlement , compromise or other 
 disposition of a loss by an indemnified party that be reach without the write consent of the indemnify party . 
 11.4.4 
 cooperation . regardless of whether the indemnify party choose to defend or 
 prosecute any third party claim , the indemnified party shall , and shall cause each indemnitee to , cooperate in the defense or 
 prosecution thereof and shall furnish such record , information and testimony , provide such witness and attend such conference , 
 discovery proceeding , hearing , trial and appeal as may be reasonably request in connection therewith . such cooperation shall 
 include access [ ] afford to the indemnify party to , and reasonable retention by the indemnified party of , record and 
 information that be reasonably relevant to such third party claim , and make indemnify party and other employee and agent 
 available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provide hereunder , and the 
 indemnify party shall reimburse the indemnified party for all its reasonable out - of - pocket expense in connection therewith , subject 
 to refund if the indemnify party be ultimately hold not to be obligate to indemnify the indemnified party . 
 11.4.5 
 expense . except as provide above , the reasonable and verifiable cost and expense , 
 include fee and disbursement of counsel , incur by the indemnified party in connection with any third party claim shall be 
 reimburse on a [ ] basis in arrear by the indemnify party , without prejudice to the indemnify party ’s right to contest the 
 indemnified party ’s right to indemnification and subject to refund in the event the indemnify party be ultimately hold not to be 
 obligate to indemnify the indemnified party . 
 11.5 
 special , indirect , and other loss . except ( a ) for fraud , willful misconduct 
 or gross negligence , ( b ) for a party ’s breach of its obligation under [ article 9 or section 5.8 ] , 
 ( c ) as provide under [ ] and ( d ) to the extent any such damage be require to be pay to 
 a third party as part of a claim for which a party provide indemnification under this 
 article 11 , neither party nor any of its affiliate shall be liable for indirect , incidental , 
 special , exemplary , punitive or consequential damage , include loss of profit or business 
 interruption , however cause and on any theory of liability , whether in contract , tort , 
 negligence , breach of statutory duty or otherwise in connection with or arise in any way 
 out of the term of this agreement or the transaction contemplate hereby or the use of 
 the licensed compound or licensed product , even if advise of the possibility of such 
 damage . 
 11.6 
 insurance . each party shall obtain and carry in full force and effect the minimum insurance 
 requirement set forth herein . such insurance ( a ) shall be primary insurance with respect to each party ’s own participation under this 
 agreement , ( b ) shall be issue by a recognize insurer rat by a.m. good " a - vii " ( or its equivalent ) or well , or an insurer pre- 
 approve in writing by the other party , and ( c ) shall list the other party as an additional insure under the general liability policy . 
 11.6.1 
 type and minimum limit . the type of insurance , and minimum limit shall be : 
 ( a ) 
 worker ’s compensation with statutory limit in compliance with the worker ’s 
 compensation law of the state or state in which the party have employee in the united states ( exclude puerto rico ) . 
 ( b ) 
 employer ’s liability coverage with a minimum limit of [ ] provide that a party 
 have employee in the united states ( exclude puerto rico ) . 
 - 61 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( c ) 
 general liability insurance with a minimum limit of [ ] and [ ] in the 
 aggregate . general liability insurance shall include clinical trial insurance . the limit may be meet with a combination of primary and 
 commercial umbrella insurance . 
 11.6.2 
 certificate of insurance . upon request by a party , the other party shall provide 
 certificate of insurance evidence compliance with this section . the insurance policy shall be under an occurrence form , but if 
 only a claim - make form be available to a party , then such party shall continue to maintain such insurance after the expiration or 
 termination of this agreement for the long of ( a ) a period of [ ] follow termination or expiration of this agreement in its 
 entirety , or ( b ) with respect to a particular party , [ ] by a party . 
 11.6.3 
 self - insurance . notwithstanding the foregoing , abbvie may self - insure , in whole or in 
 part , the insurance requirement describe above . 
 article 12 
 term and termination 
 12.1 
 term . 
 12.1.1 
 term . this agreement shall commence on the effective date and , unless early 
 terminate in accordance herewith , shall continue in force and effect until ( a ) the date of expiration of the last royalty term for the 
 last licensed product , or ( b ) the expiration of the license option period and the failure of abbvie to exercise the license option 
 ( such period , the " term " ) . 
 12.1.2 
 effect of expiration of the term . follow the expiration of the term pursuant to 
 clause ( a ) ( but not clause ( b ) ) of section 12.1.1 , the grant in section 5.1.3 shall become non - exclusive , fully - pay , royalty - free and 
 irrevocable . 
 12.2 
 termination for material breach . 
 12.2.1 
 material breach . if either party ( the " non - breaching party " ) believe that the other 
 party ( the " breach party " ) have materially breach one ( 1 ) or more of its material obligation under this agreement , then the 
 non - breaching party may deliver notice of such material breach to the breach party ( a " default notice " ) . if the breaching 
 party do not dispute that it have commit a material breach of one ( 1 ) or more of its material obligation under this agreement , 
 then if the breach party fail to cure such breach within ninety ( 90 ) day after receipt of the default notice , or if such compliance 
 can not be fully achieve within such ninety- ( 90- ) day period and the breach party have fail to commence compliance or have 
 fail to use diligent effort to achieve full compliance as soon thereafter as be reasonably possible , the non - breaching party may 
 terminate this agreement upon write notice to the breach party . if the breach party dispute that it have materially breach 
 one ( 1 ) or more of its material obligation under this agreement , the dispute shall be resolve pursuant to section 13.7 . if , as a result 
 of the application of such dispute resolution procedure , the breach party be determined to be in material breach of one ( 1 ) or more 
 of its material obligation under this agreement ( an " adverse ruling " ) , then if the breach party fail to complete the action 
 specify by the adverse ruling to cure such material breach within [ ] after such ruling , or if such compliance can not be fully 
 achieve within such [ ] period and the breach party have fail to commence diligent effort to achieve full compliance as soon 
 thereafter as be reasonably possible or as prescribe by the arbitrator , then the non - breaching party may terminate this agreement 
 upon write notice to the breach party . 
 12.2.2 
 material breach relate to diligence in a major market . notwithstanding section 
 12.2.1 , if the material breach and failure to cure contemplate by section 12.2.1 be 
 - 62 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 with respect to abbvie ’s commercialization diligence obligation under section 4.2 with respect to any major market , [ ] . 
 12.2.3 
 invocation of material breach . notwithstanding the foregoing , the party agree that 
 termination pursuant to this section 12.2 be a remedy to be invoke only if the breach be not ( a ) cure in accordance with section 
 12.2.1 ( include the timeframe set forth therein ) , ( b ) remedie through the payment of money damage determine in accordance 
 with section 13.7 or ( c ) adequately remedie through a combination of ( a ) and ( b ) . 
 12.3 
 additional termination right by abbvie . abbvie may terminate this agreement in its entirety , 
 or on a country or other jurisdiction -by - country or other jurisdiction basis , for any or no reason , upon ninety ( 90 ) day ' prior write 
 notice to harpoon . 
 12.4 
 termination for insolvency . in the event that either party ( a ) file for protection under bankruptcy 
 or insolvency law , ( b ) make an assignment for the benefit of creditor , ( c ) appoint or suffer appointment of a receiver or trustee 
 over substantially all of its property that be not discharge within [ ] after such filing , ( d ) be a party to any dissolution or liquidation , 
 ( e ) file a petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency act or have any such petition file against it that be not discharge within [ ] of 
 the filing thereof , or ( f ) admit in write its inability generally to meet its obligation as they fall due in the general course , then the 
 other party may terminate this agreement in its entirety effective immediately upon write notice to such party . 
 12.5 
 right in bankruptcy . 
 12.5.1 
 applicability of 11 u.s.c . § 365(n ) . all right and license ( collectively , the 
 " intellectual property " ) grant under or pursuant to this agreement , include all right and license to use improvement or 
 enhancement develop during the term , be intend to be , and shall otherwise be deem to be , for purpose of section 365(n ) of 
 the united states bankruptcy code ( the " bankruptcy code " ) or any analogous provision in any other country or jurisdiction , 
 license of right to " intellectual property " as define under section 101(35a ) of the bankruptcy code . the party agree that the 
 licensee of such intellectual property under this agreement shall retain and may fully exercise all of its right and election under the 
 bankruptcy code , include section 365(n ) of the bankruptcy code , or any analogous provision in any other country or jurisdiction . 
 all of the right grant to either party under this agreement shall be deem to exist immediately before the occurrence of any 
 bankruptcy case in which the other party be the debtor . 
 12.5.2 
 right of non - debtor party in bankruptcy . if a bankruptcy proceeding be 
 commence by or against either party under the bankruptcy code or any analogous provision in any other country or jurisdiction , the 
 non - debtor party shall be entitle to a complete duplicate of ( or complete access to , as appropriate ) any intellectual property and all 
 embodiment of such intellectual property , which , if not already in the non - debtor party ’s possession , shall be deliver to the non- 
 debtor party within [ ] of such request; provide that the debtor party be excuse from its obligation to deliver the intellectual 
 property to the extent the debtor party continue to perform all of its obligation under this agreement and the agreement have not 
 be reject pursuant to the bankruptcy code or any analogous provision in any other country or jurisdiction . 
 12.6 
 termination in entirety . 
 12.6.1 
 in the event of a termination of this agreement in its entirety by abbvie pursuant to 
 section 12.3 , or by harpoon pursuant to section 12.2.1 or 12.4 : 
 ( a ) 
 all right and license grant by harpoon hereunder shall immediately terminate; 
 - 63 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( b ) 
 all right and license grant by abbvie hereunder shall immediately terminate; 
 ( c ) 
 subject to section 12.10.2 and section 12.7 ( solely follow the license option 
 exercise closing date ) , abbvie shall cease any and all exploitation of licensed compound and license product and transfer to 
 harpoon , or destroy ( at harpoon ’s sole election ) , copy of all datum and information generate by abbvie in connection with the 
 exploitation of licensed compound or licensed product , and all right in such licensed compound and licensed product shall 
 revert back to harpoon; and 
 ( d ) 
 if such termination occur follow the license option exercise closing date , 
 section 12.7 shall apply with respect to license compound and license product that revert to harpoon ( the " harpoon 
 reversion product " ) . 
 12.6.2 
 if abbvie terminate this agreement in its entirety pursuant to section 12.2.1 ( subject to 
 section 12.6.3 and section 12.6.4 ) or 12.4 : 
 ( a ) 
 all right and license grant by harpoon hereunder shall immediately terminate , 
 and abbvie shall have no further right in connection with licensed compound and license products; and 
 ( b ) 
 all right and license grant by abbvie hereunder shall immediately terminate . 
 12.6.3 
 prior to the exercise of the license option , if abbvie have the right to terminate this 
 agreement in its entirety pursuant to section 12.2.1 ( i.e. by mutual agreement or as may be finally determine by an adverse ruling ) , 
 then within [ ] follow the expiration of the relevant cure period , if any , abbvie may , by write notice to harpoon , and as its sole 
 and exclusive remedy in lieu of exercise its right under section 12.2.1 with respect to such breach , elect to continue this agreement 
 as modify by this section 12.6.3 , in which case , effective as of the date abbvie deliver notice of such election to harpoon : 
 ( a ) 
 [ ] 
 ( b ) 
 [ ] 
 ( c ) 
 [ ] 
 ( d ) 
 [ ] 
 ( e ) 
 [ ] 
 ( f ) 
 [ ] 
 - 64 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( g ) 
 follow the license exercise option closing date , all provision of this 
 agreement with respect to abbvie ’s right and obligation follow the exercise of the license option shall apply , provide that 
 [ ] ; and 
 ( h ) 
 if the post csr option period expire without abbvie deliver a license 
 option exercise notice , then all right and license grant by harpoon hereunder shall immediately terminate , and abbvie shall have 
 no further right in connection with licensed compound and licensed product . 
 12.6.4 
 follow the license option exercise closing date , if abbvie have the right to terminate 
 this agreement in its entirety pursuant to section 12.2.1 ( i.e. by mutual agreement or as may be finally determine by an adverse 
 ruling ) , then within [ ] follow the expiration of the relevant cure period , if any , abbvie may , by write notice to harpoon , and 
 as its sole and exclusive remedy in lieu of exercise its right under section 12.2.1 with respect to such breach , elect to continue this 
 agreement as modify by this section 12.6.4 , in which case , effective as of the date abbvie deliver notice of such election to 
 harpoon : 
 ( a ) 
 [ ] 
 ( b ) 
 [ ] 
 ( c ) 
 [ ] 
 ( d ) 
 [ ] 
 12.6.5 
 follow the license option exercise closing date , if abbvie have the right to terminate 
 this agreement in its entirety pursuant to section 12.4 , but elect to retain its right and license pursuant to section 12.5 : 
 ( a ) 
 [ ] 
 ( b ) 
 [ ] 
 ( c ) 
 [ ] 
 - 65 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 ( d ) 
 [ ] . 
 12.7 
 reversion of harpoon product . follow the license option exercise closing date , if this 
 agreement terminate in its entirety , except for termination by abbvie pursuant to section 12.2.1 or section 12.4 , the follow shall 
 apply with respect to harpoon reversion product . 
 12.7.1 
 at harpoon ’s sole election by write notice to abbvie , abbvie shall grant , and hereby 
 grant to harpoon , effective as of the effective date of termination , [ ] ( the " abbvie reversion ip”); provide that the 
 forego license shall exclude ( 1 ) any license or other right with respect to any active ingredient that be not a license compound 
 and ( 2 ) any license or other right with respect to any other patent or know - how own or control by abbvie or any of its 
 affiliate . the foregoing license under the abbvie reversion ip shall be payable on a country - by - country basis and [ ] ( apply 
 mutatis mutandi to harpoon ) by harpoon , its affiliate or sublicensee of harpoon reversion product , begin [ ] . 
 12.7.2 
 abbvie shall [ ] , within a reasonable time follow the effective date of termination , 
 [ ] that be transfer by harpoon to abbvie with respect to each harpoon reversion product . 
 12.7.3 
 at harpoon ’s request , abbvie shall [ ] in connection with harpoon reversion 
 product prior to reversion of such harpoon reversion product . 
 12.7.4 
 abbvie shall [ ] pertain to the applicable harpoon reversion product in its 
 possession or control . 
 12.7.5 
 with respect to any licensed product that become a harpoon reversion product 
 during any period in which abbvie be [ ] for such licensed product , abbvie shall [ ] 
 - 66 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 [ ] , provide that harpoon [ ] the forego obligation . 
 12.7.6 
 if a [ ] , abbvie shall [ ] . additionally , upon any license compound or license 
 product become a harpoon reversion product , abbvie shall [ ] 
 12.7.7 
 to the extent that abbvie [ ] for the commercialization of a harpoon reversion 
 product [ ] , harpoon shall have the right to [ ] . harpoon shall exercise such right by write notice to abbvie within [ ] after 
 such license compound or licensed product become a harpoon reversion product . 
 12.7.8 
 abbvie shall [ ] , as may be necessary under , or as harpoon may reasonably request 
 in connection with harpoon ’s right under this section 12.7 . 
 12.8 
 termination of terminate territory . in the event of a termination of this agreement with 
 respect to a country or other jurisdiction by abbvie pursuant to section 12.3 or with respect to a terminate territory by harpoon 
 pursuant to section 12.2.2 ( but not in the case of any termination of this agreement in its entirety ) , the term " territory " shall be 
 automatically amend to exclude the terminate territory and all right and license grant by harpoon hereunder ( a ) shall 
 automatically be deem to be amend to exclude , if applicable , the right to market , promote , detail , distribute , import , sell , offer for 
 sale , file any drug approval application for , or seek any regulatory approval for license compound or license product in such 
 terminate territory , and ( b ) shall otherwise survive and continue in effect in such terminate territory solely for the purpose of 
 further any commercialization of the licensed compound or license product in the territory other than the terminate 
 territory or any development or manufacturing in support thereof . 
 12.9 
 remedy . except as otherwise expressly provide herein , termination of this agreement ( either in 
 its entirety or with respect to one ( 1 ) or more country(ie ) or other jurisdiction(s ) ) in accordance with the provision hereof shall not 
 limit remedy that may otherwise be available in law or equity . 
 12.10 
 accrue rights; survive obligation . 
 12.10.1 
 termination or expiration of this agreement ( either in its entirety or with respect to one 
 ( 1 ) or more country(ie ) or other jurisdiction(s ) ) for any reason shall be without prejudice to any right that shall have accrue to the 
 benefit of a party prior to such termination or expiration . such termination or expiration shall not relieve a party from obligation that 
 be expressly indicate to survive the termination or expiration of this agreement . without limit the foregoing , section 3.6 [ ] ; 
 3.8.5 ( solely for the purpose , and in accordance with the time period , set forth therein); 4.6.1 ( with respect to any amount incur 
 prior to the effective date of termination and subject to reimbursement by abbvie); 6.2 through 6.6 ( with respect to payment for 
 milestone event or net sale occur prior to the effective date of termination); section 6.7 through 6.13; section 7.1.1 through 
 7.1.4 ( with respect to patent and know - how conceive , discover , develop , or otherwise make prior to expiration or termination 
 of this 
 - 67 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 agreement); section 7.9 ( with respect to information exchange prior to the effective date of termination); section 11.1 through 
 11.5; 12.1.2 and the grant reference therein ( with respect to expiration , but not termination , of this agreement ) , 12.5 through 12.8 
 ( with respect to termination , but not expiration , of this agreement and in accordance with the time period set forth therein ) , 12.10 , 
 13.2 , 13.3 through 13.13 , and 13.15 through 13.20 of this agreement shall survive the termination or expiration of this agreement for 
 any reason ( unless the reason be expressly limit therein ) , and article 1 ( to the extent use in other survive provision ) and 9 of 
 this agreement shall survive the termination or expiration of this agreement for any reason . if this agreement be terminate with 
 respect to the terminate territory but not in its entirety , then follow such termination the forego provision of this agreement 
 shall remain in effect with respect to the terminate territory ( to the extent they would survive and apply in the event the agreement 
 expire or be terminate in its entirety ) , and all provision not survive in accordance with the foregoing shall terminate upon 
 termination of this agreement with respect to the terminate territory and be of no further force and effect ( and , for purpose of 
 clarity , all provision of this agreement shall remain in effect with respect to all country in the territory other than the terminate 
 territory ) . 
 12.10.2 
 if abbvie terminate this agreement with respect to a country or other jurisdiction , or 
 in its entirety pursuant to section 12.3 , abbvie shall have the right for at least [ ] and no more than [ ] , which period shall be 
 determine by harpoon in its sole discretion , after the effective date of such termination with respect to such country or other 
 jurisdiction to sell or otherwise dispose of all license compound or license product then in its inventory and any in - progress 
 inventory , in each case that be intend for sale or disposition in such country or other jurisdiction , as though this agreement have not 
 terminate with respect to such country or other jurisdiction , and such sale or disposition shall not constitute infringement of harpoon ’s 
 or its affiliate ' patent or other intellectual property or other proprietary right . within [ ] from the expiration from this period , 
 abbvie shall furnish harpoon a statement show the quantity of licensed product then in abbvie ’s inventory and any in- 
 progress inventory . for purpose of clarity , abbvie shall continue to make payment thereon as provide in article 6 ( as if this 
 agreement have not terminate with respect to such major market or country or other jurisdiction ) . 
 article 13 
 miscellaneous 
 13.1 
 force majeure . neither party shall be hold liable or responsible to the other party or be deem to 
 have default under or breach this agreement for failure or delay in fulfil or perform any term of this agreement when 
 such failure or delay be cause by or result from event beyond the reasonable control of the non - performing party , include fire , 
 flood , earthquake , hurricane , embargo , shortage , epidemic , quarantine , war , act of war ( whether war be declare or not ) , 
 terrorist act , insurrection , riot , civil commotion , act of god or act , omission or delay in act by any governmental authority 
 ( except to the extent such delay result from the breach by the non - performing party or any of its affiliate of any term or condition 
 of this agreement ) . the non - performing party shall notify the other party of such force majeure within [ ] after such occurrence 
 by give write notice to the other party state the nature of the event , its anticipated duration , and any action be take to avoid 
 or minimize its effect . the suspension of performance shall be of no great scope and no long duration than be necessary and the 
 non - performing party shall use commercially reasonable effort to remedy its inability to perform . 
 13.2 
 change in control of harpoon . 
 13.2.1 
 harpoon ( or its successor ) shall provide abbvie with write notice of any change in 
 control of harpoon or acquisition by harpoon within [ ] follow the closing date of such transaction . 
 13.2.2 
 in the event of [ ] 
 - 68 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 13.3 
 export control . this agreement be make subject to any restriction concern the export of 
 product or technical information from the united states or other country that may be impose on the party from time to time . 
 each party agree that it will not export , directly or indirectly , any technical information acquire from the other party under this 
 agreement or any product use such technical information to a location or in a manner that at the time of export require an export 
 license or other governmental approval , without first obtain the write consent to do so from the appropriate agency or other 
 governmental entity in accordance with applicable law . 
 13.4 
 assignment . 
 13.4.1 
 without the prior write consent of the other party , such consent not to be unreasonably 
 withhold , condition , or delay , neither party shall sell , transfer , assign , delegate , pledge , or otherwise dispose of , whether 
 voluntarily , involuntarily , by operation of law or otherwise , this agreement or any of its right or duty hereunder; provide that either 
 party may make such an assignment without the other party ’s consent to its affiliate or to a successor , whether in a merger , sale of 
 stock , sale of asset or any other transaction , of the business to which this agreement relate . with respect to an assignment to an 
 affiliate , the assign party shall remain responsible for the performance by such affiliate of the right and obligation hereunder . 
 any attempt assignment or delegation in violation of this section 13.4 shall be void and of no effect . all validly assign and 
 delegate right and obligation of the party hereunder shall be bind upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and 
 against the successor and permit assign of harpoon or abbvie , as the case may be . the permit assignee or transferee shall 
 assume all obligation of its assignor or transferor under this agreement . without limit the foregoing , the grant of right set forth in 
 this agreement shall be bind upon any successor or permit assignee of harpoon , and the obligation of abbvie , include the 
 payment obligation , shall run in favor of any such successor or permit assignee of harpoon ’s benefit under this agreement . 
 13.4.2 
 [ ] 
 - 69 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 13.5 
 severability . if any provision of this agreement be hold to be illegal , invalid , or unenforceable under 
 any present or future law , and if the right or obligation of either party under this agreement will not be materially and adversely 
 affect thereby , ( a ) such provision shall be fully severable , ( b ) this agreement shall be construe and enforce as if such illegal , 
 invalid , or unenforceable provision have never comprise a part hereof , ( c ) the remain provision of this agreement shall remain in 
 full force and effect and shall not be affect by the illegal , invalid , or unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom , and ( d ) in 
 lieu of such illegal , invalid , or unenforceable provision , there shall be add automatically as a part of this agreement a legal , valid , and 
 enforceable provision as similar in term to such illegal , invalid , or unenforceable provision as may be possible and reasonably 
 acceptable to the party . to the full extent permit by applicable law , each party hereby waive any provision of law that 
 would render any provision hereof illegal , invalid , or unenforceable in any respect . 
 13.6 
 governing law , jurisdiction and service . 
 13.6.1 
 governing law . this agreement or the performance , enforcement , breach or 
 termination hereof shall be interpret , govern by and construe in accordance with the law of the state of delaware , united 
 state , exclude any conflict or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this 
 agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction; provide that all question concern ( a ) inventorship of patent under this 
 agreement shall be determine in accordance with section 7.1.3 and ( b ) the construction or effect of patent shall be determine in 
 accordance with the law of the country or other jurisdiction in which the particular patent have be file or grant , as the case may 
 be . the party agree to exclude the application to this agreement of the united nations convention on contract for the 
 international sale of good . 
 13.6.2 
 service . each party far agree that service of any process , summon , notice or 
 document by register mail to its address set forth in section 13.8.2 shall be effective service of process for any action , suit , or 
 proceeding bring against it under this agreement in any such court . 
 13.7 
 dispute resolution . except for dispute resolve by the procedure set forth in section 2.2.3 , 
 3.1.2 , 6.12 or 13.11 , if a dispute arise between the party in connection with or relate to this agreement , include the 
 determination of the scope or applicability of this section 13.7 and the agreement to arbitrate , or any document or instrument deliver 
 in connection herewith ( a " dispute " ) , it shall be resolve pursuant to this section 13.7 . 
 13.7.1 
 general . any dispute shall first be refer to the senior officer of the party , who 
 shall confer in good faith on the resolution of the issue . any final decision mutually agree to by the senior officer shall be 
 conclusive and bind on the party . if the senior officer be not able to agree on the resolution of any such issue within [ ] ( or 
 such other period of time as mutually agree by the senior officer ) after such issue be first refer to they , then , except as 
 otherwise set forth in section 13.7.2 , either party may , by write notice to the other party , elect to initiate an arbitration proceeding 
 pursuant to the procedure set forth in section 13.7.3 , which shall fully and finally settle the dispute . 
 13.7.2 
 intellectual property dispute . in the event that a dispute arise with respect the 
 validity , enforceability , or patentability of any patent , trademark or other intellectual property right , and such dispute can not be 
 resolve in accordance with section 13.7.1 , unless otherwise agree by the party in writing , such dispute shall not be submit to 
 an arbitration proceeding in accordance with section 13.7.3 and instead , either party may initiate litigation in a court of competent 
 jurisdiction , notwithstanding section 13.6 , in any country or other jurisdiction in which such right apply . in case of a dispute between 
 the party with respect to inventorship , the party shall jointly select a patent attorney register before the united states patent and 
 trademark office and submit such dispute to the mutually - select patent attorney for resolution under the united states patent law . 
 the decision of such patent attorney with respect to inventorship shall be final , and the party agree to be bind by the decision and 
 share equally the expense of such patent attorney . 
 - 70 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 13.7.3 
 arbitration . any arbitration proceeding under this agreement shall take place pursuant 
 to the procedure set forth in schedule 13.7.3 . 
 13.7.4 
 adverse ruling . any determination pursuant to this section 13.7 that a party be in 
 material breach of its material obligation hereunder shall specify a ( nonexclusive ) set of action to be take to cure such material 
 breach , if feasible . 
 13.7.5 
 interim relief . notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , nothing in this section 
 13.7 shall preclude either party from seek interim or provisional relief , include a temporary restraining order , preliminary 
 injunction or other interim equitable relief concern a dispute , if necessary to protect the interest of such party . this section shall 
 be specifically enforceable . 
 13.8 
 notice . 
 13.8.1 
 notice requirement . any notice , request , demand , waiver , consent , approval , or 
 other communication permit or require under this agreement shall be in writing , shall refer specifically to this agreement and 
 shall be deem give only if ( a ) deliver by hand , ( b ) send by facsimile transmission ( with transmission confirm ) , or ( c ) by 
 internationally recognize overnight delivery service that maintain record of delivery , address to the party at their respective 
 address specify in section 13.8.2 or to such other address as the party to whom notice be to be give may have provide to the 
 other party in accordance with this section 13.8.1 . such notice shall be deem to have be give as of the date deliver by hand 
 or transmit by facsimile ( with transmission confirm ) or on the [ ] ( at the place of delivery ) after deposit with an internationally 
 recognize overnight delivery service . any notice deliver by facsimile shall be confirm by a hard copy deliver as soon as 
 practicable thereafter . this section 13.8.1 be not intend to govern the day - to - day business communication necessary between the 
 party in perform their obligation under the term of this agreement . 
 13.8.2 
 address for notice . 
 if to abbvie , to : 
 abbvie biotechnology ltd 
 c / o conyer , dill & pearman , 
 clarendon house , 
 2 church street , 
 hamilton hm 11 bermuda 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 abbvie inc . 
 1 north waukegan road 
 north chicago , illinois 60064 united states 
 attention : [ ] 
 facsimile : [ ] 
 if to harpoon , to : 
 harpoon therapeutic , inc . 
 131 oyster point blvd , suite 300 
 south san francisco , can 94080 
 attention : [ ] 
 - 71 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 cooley llp 
 3175 hanover street 
 palo alto , can 94304 
 attention : [ ] 
 email : [ ] 
 13.9 
 entire agreement; amendment . this agreement , together with the schedule attach hereto , 
 set forth and constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the party with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
 all prior agreement , understanding , promise , and representation , whether write or oral , with respect thereto be supersede 
 hereby ( include that certain mutual confidentiality disclosure agreement between the party or their respective affiliate date 
 [ ] ( the " prior nda " ) . the foregoing shall not be interpret as a waiver of any remedy available to either party as a result of 
 any breach , prior to the effective date , by the other party ( or its affiliate ) of its obligation under the prior nda . each party 
 confirm that it be not rely on any representation or warranty of the other party except as specifically set forth in this 
 agreement . no amendment , modification , release , or discharge with respect to this agreement shall be bind upon the party 
 unless in writing and duly execute by authorize representative of both party . 
 13.10 
 english language . this agreement shall be write and execute in , and all other 
 communication under or in connection with this agreement shall be in , the english language . any translation into any other language 
 shall not be an official version thereof , and in the event of any conflict in interpretation between the english version and such 
 translation , the english version shall control . 
 13.11 
 equitable relief . each party acknowledge and agree that the restriction set forth in section 
 5.8 and article 7 and 9 be reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interest of the other party and that such other party 
 would not have enter into this agreement in the absence of such restriction , and that any breach or threaten breach of any 
 provision of such section or article may result in irreparable injury to such other party for which there may be no adequate remedy 
 at law . in the event of a breach or threaten breach of any provision of such section or article , the non - breach party shall be 
 authorize and entitle to seek from any court of competent jurisdiction injunctive relief , whether preliminary or permanent , specific 
 performance , and an equitable accounting of all earning , profit , and other benefit arise from such breach , which right shall be 
 cumulative and in addition to any other right or remedy to which such non - breaching party may be entitle in law or equity . both 
 party agree to waive any requirement that the other ( a ) post a bond or other security as a condition for obtain any such relief , and 
 ( b ) show irreparable harm , balance of harm , consideration of the public interest , or inadequacy of monetary damage as a remedy . 
 nothing in this section 13.11 be intend , or should be construe , to limit either party ’s right to equitable relief or any other remedy for 
 a breach of any other provision of this agreement . 
 13.12 
 waiver and non - exclusion of remedy . any term or condition of this agreement may be 
 waive at any time by the party that be entitle to the benefit thereof , but no such waiver shall be effective unless set forth in a write 
 instrument duly execute by or on behalf of the party waive such term or condition . the waiver by either party hereto of any right 
 hereunder or of the failure to perform or of a breach by the other party shall not be deem a waiver of any other right hereunder or 
 of any other breach or failure by such other party whether of a similar nature or otherwise . the right and remedy provide herein 
 be cumulative and do not exclude any other right or remedy provide by applicable law or otherwise available except as expressly 
 set forth herein . 
 13.13 
 no benefit to third party . except as provide in article 11 , covenant and agreement set 
 forth in this agreement be for the sole benefit of the party hereto and their successor and permit assign , and they shall not be 
 construe as confer any right on any other person . 
 - 72 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 13.14 
 further assurance . each party shall duly execute and deliver , or cause to be duly execute and 
 deliver , such further instrument and do and cause to be do such further act and thing , include the filing of such assignment , 
 agreement , document , and instrument , as may be necessary or as the other party may reasonably request in connection with this 
 agreement or to carry out more effectively the provision and purpose hereof , or to well assure and confirm unto such other party 
 its right and remedy under this agreement . 
 13.15 
 relationship of the party . it be expressly agree that harpoon , on the one hand , and abbvie , 
 on the other hand , shall be independent contractor and that the relationship between the party shall not constitute a partnership , joint 
 venture , or agency , include for all tax purpose . far , the party ( and any successor , assignee , transferee , or affiliate of a party ) 
 shall not treat or report the relationship between the party arise under this agreement as a partnership for united states tax 
 purpose , without the prior write consent of the other party unless require by a final " determination " as define in section 1313 of 
 the united states internal revenue code of 1986 , as amend . neither harpoon , on the one hand , nor abbvie , on the other hand , 
 shall have the authority to make any statement , representation , or commitment of any kind , or to take any action , which shall be 
 bind on the other , without the prior write consent of the other party to do so . all person employ by a party shall be employee 
 of such party and not of the other party and all cost and obligation incur by reason of any such employment shall be for the 
 account and expense of such party . 
 13.16 
 performance by affiliate . abbvie may use one ( 1 ) or more of its affiliate to perform its 
 obligation and duty hereunder and such abbvie affiliate be expressly grant certain right herein; provide that each such 
 affiliate shall be bind by the corresponding obligation of abbvie and , subject to an assignment to such affiliate pursuant to section 
 13.4 , abbvie shall remain liable hereunder for the prompt payment and performance of all their respective obligation hereunder . 
 13.17 
 counterparts; facsimile execution . this agreement may be execute in two ( 2 ) counterpart , 
 each of which shall be deem an original , but all of which together shall constitute one ( 1 ) and the same instrument . this agreement 
 may be execute by facsimile or electronically transmit signature and such signature shall be deem to bind each party hereto 
 as if they be original signature . 
 13.18 
 reference . unless otherwise specify , ( a ) reference in this agreement to any article , section 
 or schedule shall mean reference to such article , section or schedule of this agreement , ( b ) reference in any section to any clause 
 be reference to such clause of such section , and ( c ) reference to any agreement , instrument , or other document in this agreement 
 refer to such agreement , instrument , or other document as originally execute or , if subsequently amend , replace , or supplement 
 from time to time , as so amend , replace , or supplement and in effect at the relevant time of reference thereto . 
 13.19 
 schedule . in the event of any inconsistency between this agreement and any schedule or 
 other attachment hereto , the term of this agreement shall control . 
 13.20 
 construction . except where the context otherwise require , wherever use , the singular shall 
 include the plural , the plural the singular , the use of any gender shall be applicable to all gender and the word " or " be use in the 
 inclusive sense ( and/or ) . whenever this agreement refer to a number of day , unless otherwise specify , such number refer to 
 calendar day . the caption of this agreement be for convenience of reference only and in no way define , describe , extend , or limit 
 the scope or intent of this agreement or the intent of any provision contain in this agreement . the term " include , " " include , " or 
 " include " as use herein shall mean " include , but not limit to , " and shall not limit the generality of any description precede such 
 term . the language of this agreement shall be deem to be the language mutually choose by the party and no rule of strict 
 construction shall be apply against either party hereto . each party represent that it have be represent by legal counsel in 
 connection with this agreement and acknowledge that it have participate in the drafting hereof . in interpret and apply the term 
 and provision of this 
 - 73 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 agreement , the party agree that no presumption will apply against the party which draft such term and provision . 
 [ signature page follow ] 
 - 74 - 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 this agreement be execute by the authorized representative of the party as of the effective date . 
 harpoon therapeutic , inc . 
 abbvie biotechnology ltd 
 by : /s/ gerald mcmahon 
 name : gerald mcmahon 
 title : president and ceo 
 by : /s/ robert michael 
 name : robert michael 
 title : director 
 [ signature page to development and option agreement ] 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 schedule 1.84 
 initial development plan 
 [ ] 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 schedule 1.99 
 license compound 
 [ ] 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 schedule 3.7 
 pre - approved third party provider 
 [ ] 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 schedule 10.2 
 disclosure schedule 
 [ ] 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 schedule 10.2.1 
 exist patent 
 [ ] 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020 
 schedule 13.7.3 
 arbitration 
 [ ] 
 source : harpoon therapeutics , inc . , 10 - k , 3/12/2020