exhibit 10.3 
 [ ] certain information in this document have be exclude pursuant to regulation s - k , item 601(b)(10 ) . such exclude information be not material 
 and would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclose . 
 execution copy 
 license , development and commercialization agreement 
 date as of february 4 , 2020 
 by and between 
 xencor , inc . 
 and 
 aimmune therapeutic , inc . 
 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 table of content 
 page 
 article 1 definition 

 article 2 license 

 article 3 development 

 article 4 regulatory 

 article 5 commercialization 

 article 6 supply 

 article 7 payment 

 article 8 payment; records; audit 

 article 9 intellectual property matter 

 article 10 representation , warranty and covenants; compliance 

 article 11 indemnification 

 article 12 confidentiality 

 article 13 term and termination 

 article 14 effect of expiration or termination 

 article 15 miscellaneous 

 schedule 1.10 antibody 

 schedule 1.79 xencor general patent 

 schedule 1.81 xencor product specific patent 

 schedule 2.7 xencor know - how , regulatory material , and regulatory datum 

 schedule 6.1 initial product supply 

 schedule 10.2.6 exception 

 schedule 12.2 initial press release 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 license , development and commercialization agreement 
 this license , development and commercialization agreement ( this " agreement " ) , date as of february 4 , 2020 ( the " effective date " ) , be make by 
 and between xencor , inc . ( " xencor " ) , and aimmune therapeutic , inc . ( " aimmune " ) . xencor and aimmune be sometimes refer to herein 
 individually as a " party " and collectively as the " party " . 
 recital 
 whereas , xencor have develop the antibody ( as define below); 
 whereas , aimmune be interested in far develop and commercialize the antibody; and 
 whereas , xencor wish to grant a license to aimmune under certain intellectual property right relate to the antibody to develop , manufacture 
 and commercialize the product ( as define below ) , and aimmune wish to take such license , in each case in accordance with the term and condition 
 set forth below . 
 no w therefore , in consideration of the foregoing premise and the mutual promise , covenant and condition contain in this agreement , 
 and for other good and valuable consideration , receipt of which be hereby acknowledge , the party agree as follow : 
 article 1 
 definition 
 as use in this agreement , the follow initially capitalize term shall have the meaning set forth in this article 1 or as otherwise define 
 elsewhere in this agreement : 
 1.1 " active ingredient " mean any substance ( whether chemical or biologic ) or mixture of substance intend to be use in the manufacture of a 
 drug ( medicinal ) product that , when use in the production of such drug , become a therapeutically active ingredient of the drug product , and which 
 such substance or mixture of substance be intend to furnish pharmacological activity or other direct effect in the diagnosis , cure , mitigation , treatment 
 or prevention of disease or to affect the structure or function of the body . 
 1.2 " affiliate " mean with respect to any person , any other person directly or indirectly control , control by , or under common control with 
 such person; provide , that , for purpose of this definition , " control " ( include , with correlative meaning , the term " control by " and " under 
 common control with " ) , as use with respect to any person , shall mean ( i ) the possession , directly or indirectly , of the power to direct or cause the 
 direction of the management and policy of such person , whether through the ownership of vote security or by contract or otherwise , or ( ii ) the 
 ownership , directly or indirectly , of fifty percent ( 50 ) or more of the vote security of such person . for purpose of this section 1.2 , " person " mean 
 mean an individual , corporation , partnership , limited partnership , limited liability company , limited liability partnership , syndicate , person ( include a 
 " person " as define in section 13(d)(3 ) of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amend , together with the rule and regulation promulgate 
 thereunder ) , trust , association , entity or government or political subdivision , agency or instrumentality of a government . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.3 " aimmune agreement entity " mean aimmune ’s affiliate and sublicensee ( exclude distributor ) . 
 1.4 " aimmune common stock " mean aimmune ’s common stock , par value 0.0001 per share . 
 1.5 " aimmune field " mean the field of [ ] . 
 1.6 " aimmune invention " mean an invention that be invent , solely or jointly with a third party , by or on behalf of aimmune or its affiliate . 
 1.7 " aimmune know - how " mean any and all know - how , whether or not patented or patentable , that be control by aimmune or its affiliate as 
 of the effective date or at any time during the term that be necessary or reasonably useful in connection with the development , manufacture , 
 commercialization or other use of the antibody or product . 
 1.8 " aimmune patent " mean any patent that ( i ) ( a ) be control by aimmune ( or its affiliate ) as of the effective date or come under the 
 control of aimmune ( or its affiliate ) during the term ( other than as a result of the license grant by xencor to aimmune under this agreement ) and 
 ( b ) that would be infringe by the development , manufacture , commercialization or use of the antibody or product or that claim or cover aimmune 
 know - how , or ( ii ) be an aimmune collaboration patent . 
 1.9 " aimmune technology " mean aimmune know - how and aimmune patent . 
 1.10 " antibody " mean xencor ’s humanize antibody know as xmab7195 have the sequence list in schedule 1.10 . 
 1.11 " anti - corruption law " mean the u.s . foreign corrupt practice act , as amend , the uk bribery act 2010 , as amend , as well as 
 applicable law relate to the prevention of fraud , racketeering , money laundering or terrorism . 
 1.12 " applicable law " mean any applicable united states federal , state or local or foreign or multinational law , statute , standard , ordinance , code , 
 rule , regulation , resolution or promulgation , or any order , writ , judgment , injunction , decree , stipulation , ruling , determination or award enter by or with 
 any governmental authority , or any license , franchise , permit or similar right grant under any of the foregoing , or any similar provision have the force 
 or effect of law . for the avoidance of doubt , any specific reference to any applicable law or any portion thereof , shall be deem to include all then- 
 current amendment thereto or any replacement or successor law , statute , standard , ordinance , code , rule , regulation , resolution , order , writ , judgment , 
 injunction , decree , stipulation , ruling , or determination thereto . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.13 " baseline quarter net sale " mean , on a country - by - country and product - by - product basis , the average cumulative net sale of such 
 product in such country during the [ ] calendar quarter that [ ] precede the calendar quarter during which a generic product with respect to such 
 product be first commercially sell in such country . for example , if a generic product with respect to a give product be commercially sell in the u.s . for the 
 first time on [ ] , then the baseline quarter net sale with respect to such product and u.s . be the cumulative net sale of such product in the u.s . 
 during the [ ] calendar quarter of [ ] divide by [ ] . 
 1.14 " business day " mean a day other than a saturday , sunday , or bank or other public holiday in california . 
 1.15 " calendar quarter " mean each three ( 3 ) month period commence january 1 , april 1 , july 1 or october 1 of any year; provide , however , 
 that ( a ) the first calendar quarter of the term shall extend from the effective date to the end of the first full calendar quarter thereafter , and ( b ) the last 
 calendar quarter of the term shall end upon the expiration or termination of this agreement . 
 1.16 " calendar year " mean the period begin on the 1st of january and end on the 31st of december of the same year; provide , however , 
 that ( a ) the first calendar year of the term shall commence on the effective date and end on december 31 of the same year and ( b ) the last calendar year 
 of the term shall commence on january 1 of the calendar year in which this agreement terminate or expire and end on the date of termination or 
 expiration of this agreement . 
 1.17 " clinical trial " mean a clinical trial , include any a phase I clinical trial , phase ii clinical trial , phase iii clinical trial , or phase iv clinical 
 trial , as the case may be , and as any such trial be define by an applicable regulatory authority . 
 1.18 " co - pay program " mean a program to support patient access to a product whereby the product manufacturer make payment to a third 
 party equal to all or part of the difference between the price of product prescribe to a patient and the amount such patient pay for such product 
 through such patient ’s insurance plan . 
 1.19 " combination product " mean any product contain an active ingredient that be not an antibody . such combination product shall be 
 either ( a ) price and sell in a single package contain such multiple product or ( b ) package separately but sell together for a single price . 
 1.20 " commercialize " mean , with respect to the product , to promote , market , distribute , sell ( and offer for sale or contract to sell ) , import , export , 
 or otherwise commercially exploit or provide product support for the product and to conduct activity , other than development or manufacturing , in 
 preparation for conduct the forego activity , include activity to produce commercialization support datum and to secure and maintain market 
 access and reimbursement . " commercialize " and " commercialization " shall have correlative meaning . for the avoidance of doubt , 
 commercialization do not include development and manufacturing . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.21 " commercially reasonable effort " mean , with respect to the effort to be expend by a party with respect to any objective ( e.g. , 
 development activity and commercialization hereunder ) , the level of effort consistent with the effort and resource [ ] of similar market potential , 
 at a similar stage in development or product lifecycle , take into account the stage of development or product lifecycle of other of [ ] product 
 candidate , safety and efficacy , product profile , cost of good , the competitiveness of the marketplace , such company ’s patent position with respect to 
 such product ( include such company ’s ability to obtain or enforce , or have obtain or enforce , such patent right ) , the third party patent landscape 
 relevant to the product , the regulatory structure involve , the likelihood of regulatory approval , the likelihood and extent of anticipated or actual 
 profitability of the applicable product , and other technical , legal , scientific and medical consideration . without limit the foregoing , commercially 
 reasonable effort require , with respect to such obligation , that a party : ( i ) promptly assign responsibility for such obligation to specific employee(s ) 
 who be hold accountable for progress and monitor such progress on an on - go basis , ( ii ) set objective for carry out such obligation , and ( iii ) 
 allocate resource design to advance progress with respect to such objective . 
 1.22 " control " or " control by " mean , with respect to any know - how , invention , patent , technology , copyright , trademark or other intellectual 
 property right , possession by a party or its affiliate ( whether by ownership , license grant or other mean ) of the legal right to grant the right to access or 
 use , or to grant a license or a sublicense to , such know - how , invention , patent , technology , copyright , trademark or other intellectual property right as 
 provide for herein without violate the proprietary right of any third party or any term of any agreement or other arrangement between such party ( or 
 any of its affiliate ) and any third party . 
 1.23 " cover " or " cover " mean , with respect to a particular subject matter at issue and a relevant patent , that the manufacture , use , sale , offer 
 for sale or importation of such subject matter would , but for the existence of this agreement , infringe one or more claim in such patent ( or in the case of 
 a patent application , would infringe if such application be to issue ) . 
 1.24 " designate officer " mean , with respect to xencor , the chief executive officer of xencor ( or its designee ) , and , with respect to aimmune , 
 the chief executive officer of aimmune ( or its designee ) . 
 1.25 " develop " mean to research , develop , analyze , test and conduct preclinical trial , clinical trial ( include , for the avoidance of doubt , phase 
 iv clinical trial and any preclinical / clinical / cmc commitment follow regulatory approval ) and all other regulatory trial , for the product , as well as 
 any and all activity pertain to manufacturing development , formulation development , medical affair and lifecycle management , include new 
 indication , new formulation and all other activity , include regulatory activity , relate to secure and maintain regulatory approval for the 
 product , or otherwise characterize or understand the property and us of the antibody or the product . " develop " and " development " shall 
 have correlative meaning . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.26 " development activity " mean those development activity undertake by or on behalf of aimmune with respect to the product . 
 1.27 " dollar " or " " mean the legal tender of the united states of america . 
 1.28 " e.u . major country " mean the united kingdom , france , germany , italy , and spain . 
 1.29 " fda " mean the united states food and drug administration and any successor regulatory authority have substantially the same 
 function . 
 1.30 " fd&c act " mean the u.s . federal food , drug and cosmetic act , as amend , and the regulation promulgate thereunder . 
 1.31 " first commercial sale " mean , with respect to a product in any country , the first shipment of such product to a third party in such country 
 for end use or consumption of such product in such country after regulatory approval of such product in such country or , if early , the invoicing of a 
 third party for such shipment . 
 1.32 " force majeure " mean any circumstance whatsoever which be not within the reasonable control of the party affect thereby , potentially 
 include an act of god , war , act of terrorism , insurrection , riot , strike or labor dispute , shortage of material , fire , explosion , flood , earthquake , government 
 requisition or allocation , breakdown of or damage to plant , equipment or facility , interruption or delay in transportation , fuel supply or electrical power , 
 embargo , boycott , order or act of civil or military authority . 
 1.33 " generic product " mean , with respect to a product and on a country - by - country basis , a product that ( a ) be market for sale in such 
 country [ ] , ( b ) contain or comprise an antibody with the [ ] , ( c ) be approve [ ] , and ( d ) such product , as and to the extent require , be 
 approve through an abbreviate process base in reliance , at least in part , on the safety and efficacy datum generate for the prior regulatory approval 
 of such product by aimmune or an aimmune agreement entity in such country ( similar , with respect to the united states , to an abbreviate new drug 
 application under section 505(j ) of the fd&c act ( 21 usc 355(j ) ) ) or be approve as a " biosimilar biologic product " under title vii , subtitle a biologic 
 price competition and innovation act of 2009 , section 42 u.s.c . 262 , section 351 of the phsa , or , outside the united states , in accordance with european 
 directive 2001/83 / ec on the community code for medicinal product ( article 10(4 ) and section 4 , part ii of annex i ) and european regulation 
 eec/2309/93 establish the community procedure for the authorization and evaluation of medicinal product , each as amend , and together with all 
 associate guidance , and any counterpart thereof or equivalent process inside or outside of the united states or eu to the foregoing . 
 1.34 " good clinical practice " or " gcp " mean all applicable good clinical practice standard for the design , conduct , performance , monitoring , 
 auditing , recording , analysis and reporting of clinical trial , include , as applicable , ( i ) as set forth in the international conference on harmonisation of 
 technical requirement for registration of 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 pharmaceutical for human use ( " ich ” ) harmonise tripartite guideline for good clinical practice ( cpmp / ich/135/95 ) and any other guideline for good 
 clinical practice for trial on medicinal product , ( ii ) the declaration of helsinki ( 1964 ) as last amend at the 64th world medical association in october 
 2013 and any further amendment or clarification thereto , ( iii ) u.s . code of federal regulation title 21 , part 50 ( protection of human subject ) , 56 
 ( institutional review board ) and 312 ( investigational new drug application ) , as may be amend from time to time , and ( iv ) the equivalent applicable 
 law in any relevant country , each as may be amend and applicable from time to time and in each case , that provide for , among other thing , assurance 
 that the clinical datum and report result be credible and accurate and protect the right , integrity , and confidentiality of trial subject . 
 1.35 " good laboratory practice " or " glp " mean all applicable good laboratory practice standard , include , as applicable , ( i ) as set forth in 
 the then - current good laboratory practice standard promulgate or endorse by the fda as define in 21 c.f.r . part 58 , and ( ii ) the equivalent 
 applicable law in any relevant country , each as may be amend and applicable from time to time . 
 1.36 " good manufacturing practice " or " gmp " mean all applicable good manufacturing practice include , as applicable , ( i ) the principle 
 detail in the u.s . current good manufacturing practice , 21 c.f.r . section 210 , 211 , 601 and 610 , ( ii ) the principle detail in the ich q7 guideline , 
 and ( iii ) the equivalent applicable law in any relevant country , each as may be amend and applicable from time to time . 
 1.37 " government official " mean : ( i ) any official , officer , employee , representative , or anyone act in an official capacity on behalf of : ( a ) any 
 government or any department or agency thereof; ( b ) any public international organization ( such as the united nations , the international monetary 
 fund , the international red cross , or the world health organization ) , or any department , agency , or institution thereof; or ( c ) any government - own or 
 control company , institution , or other entity , include a government - own hospital or university; ( ii ) any political party or party official; and ( iii ) any 
 candidate for political office . 
 1.38 " governmental authority " mean any united states federal , state or local , or any foreign , government or political subdivision thereof , or any 
 multinational organization or authority , or any authority , agency or commission entitle to exercise any administrative , executive , judicial , legislative , 
 police , regulatory or tax authority or power , any court or tribunal ( or any department , bureau or division thereof ) , or any governmental arbitrator or 
 arbitral body . for clarity , any regulatory authority shall be a governmental authority . 
 1.39 " ifrs " mean international financial reporting standard , or with respect to the u.s . , as appropriate , generally accept accounting principle 
 in the u.s . ( gaap ) , in each case , consistently apply . 
 1.40 " ind " mean an investigational new drug application , clinical trial authorization or similar application or submission for approval to conduct 
 human clinical investigation file with or submit to a regulatory authority in conformance with the requirement of such regulatory authority . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.41 " invent " mean the act of ( an ) inventor(s ) , as determine in accordance with applicable law relate to inventorship set forth in the patent 
 law of the united states ( title 35 , united states code ) , in first conceive an invention . 
 1.42 " invention " mean any discovery or invention , whether or not patentable , conceive or otherwise make by either party , or by both party , in 
 exercise its right or perform its obligation under this agreement . 
 1.43 " joint invention " mean an invention that be invent jointly by an employee of , or person under an obligation of assignment to , each of 
 xencor and aimmune or their respective affiliate . 
 1.44 " know - how " mean all technical , scientific , regulatory and other information , result , knowledge , technique and datum , in whatever form and 
 whether or not confidential , patented or patentable , include invention , invention disclosure , discovery , plan , process , practice , method , 
 knowledge , trade secret , know - how , instruction , skill , experience , idea , concept , datum ( include biological , chemical , pharmacological , toxicological , 
 pharmaceutical , physical and analytical , safety , quality control , and preclinical and clinical datum ) , formulae , formulation , composition , specification , 
 marketing , pricing , distribution , cost , sale and manufacturing datum or description . know - how do not include any patent claim any of the 
 foregoing . 
 1.45 " licensed field " mean the diagnosis , treatment or prevention of human disease and condition . 
 1.46 " major territory " mean the [ ] . 
 1.47 " manufacture " or " manufacturing " or " manufacture " mean , with respect to the antibody and product , the receipt , handling and storage 
 of active ingredient , drug substance or drug product , medical device and other material , the manufacturing , processing , packaging and labeling , 
 hold ( include storage ) , quality assurance and quality control testing ( include release ) of the antibody and product ( other than quality assurance 
 and quality control relate to development of the manufacturing process , which activity shall be consider development activity ) and shipping of 
 the antibody and product . 
 1.48 " marketing authorization application " or " maa " mean an application to the appropriate regulatory authority for approval to sell the 
 product ( but exclude pricing approval ) in any particular country or regulatory jurisdiction , include a biologics license application as describe in 21 
 c.f.r . § 601.2 , as amend . 
 1.49 " medical science liaison " mean an individual who be employ by or on behalf of aimmune or its affiliate and who provide educational 
 service and other educational effort direct towards the medical and/or scientific community . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.50 " net sale " mean , with respect to a product , the gross amount invoice for sale of a product by a sell party to third party for end use , 
 less the follow deduction from such gross amount to the extent attributable to such product and to the extent actually incur , allow , accrue or 
 specifically allocate : 
 ( a ) credit or allowance actually grant for damage product , return or rejection of product , price adjustment and billing errors; 
 ( b ) governmental and other rebate ( or equivalent thereof ) grant to manage health care organization , pharmacy benefit 
 manager ( or equivalent thereof ) , federal , state , provincial , local and other government , their agency and purchaser and reimburser or to trade 
 customers; 
 ( c ) normal and customary trade , cash and quantity discount , allowance and credit actually allow or paid; 
 ( d ) payment make as part of a co - pay program for a product; and 
 ( e ) sale taxis , vat taxis and other taxis directly link to the sale of product; 
 all as determine in accordance with ifrs on a basis consistent with the sell party ’s annual audit financial statement . 
 net sale shall not include sale to affiliate , sublicensee or contractor engage by aimmune to develop , manufacture , or commercialize the 
 product , solely to the extent that such affiliate , sublicensee or contractor purchase the product resell such product to a third party . however , 
 subsequent sale of product by such aimmune affiliate , sublicensee or contractor to a third party shall be include in the net sale when sell in the 
 market for end - user use . 
 far , any use , supply or provision of product by aimmune or aimmune agreement entity at no cost or at a de minimis cost not to exceed 
 [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the fully burden cost thereof ( i ) in connection with patient assistance program , ( ii ) for charitable or promotional purpose , 
 ( iii ) for preclinical , clinical , regulatory or governmental purpose , or compassionate use or other similar program , or ( iv ) for test or study reasonably 
 necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation or request by a regulatory authority shall not be include in net sale of product . sale or 
 transfer of product among the aimmune agreement entity shall not result in any net sale , in which case net sale shall be base only on any 
 subsequent sale or disposition to a third party; provide that the aimmune agreement entity be not an end user . 
 in no event shall any particular amount identify above be deduct more than once in calculate net sale ( i.e. , no " double counting " of 
 reduction ) . 
 in the event that product be sell as part of a financial bundle with other product or include in financial package deal to customer and in such 
 case , the price of product relevant for the calculation of net sale will be the average invoice sale price of product in the precede calendar quarter 
 sell separately less the average discount of all product sell as part of such bundle or package . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 for net sale of a combination product , the net sale applicable to such combination product in a country will be determine by multiply the 
 total net sale of such combined product by the fraction a/(a+b ) , where a be the actual price of the product that be include in such combination 
 product in the same dosage amount or quantity in the applicable country during the applicable quarter if sell separately , and b be the sum of the actual 
 price of all other product with which such product be combine in such combination product , in the same dosage amount or quantity in the applicable 
 country during the applicable quarter if sell separately . if a or b can not be determine because value for such product or such other product with 
 which such product be combine be not available separately in a particular country , then the party shall discuss an appropriate allocation for the fair 
 market value of such product and such other product with which such product be combine to mutually determine net sale for the relevant transaction 
 base on an equitable method of determine the same that take into account , in the applicable territory , the relative contribution of each active 
 ingredient , variation in dosage formulation and relative value to the end user of each active ingredient . 
 1.51 " patent " mean any and all ( i ) issue patent , ( ii ) pende patent application , include all provisional application , substitution , 
 continuation , continuation - in - part , divisional and renewal , and all patent grant thereon , ( iii ) patent - of - addition , reissue , and reexamination , 
 include patent term adjustment , patent term extension , supplementary protection certificate or the equivalent thereof , ( iv ) inventor ’s certificate , ( v ) 
 other form of government - issue right substantially similar to any of the foregoing , and ( vi ) united states and foreign counterpart of any of the 
 foregoing . 
 1.52 " patent term extension " mean any term extension , supplementary protection certificate and equivalent thereof offer patent protection 
 beyond the initial term with respect to any issue patent . 
 1.53 " person " mean any individual , firm , corporation , partnership , limited liability company , trust , business trust , joint venture , governmental 
 authority , association or other entity . 
 1.54 " phase I clinical trial " mean a study in human which provide for the first introduction into human of a product , conduct in normal 
 volunteer or patient to generate information on product safety , tolerability , pharmacological activity or pharmacokinetic , as more fully define in 21 
 cfr § 312.21(a ) or comparable regulation in any country or jurisdiction outside the u.s . , and any amend or successor regulation . 
 1.55 " phase ii clinical trial " mean a study in human for which a primary endpoint be a preliminary determination of efficacy in patient with the 
 disease be study , as more fully define in 21 cfr § 312.21(b ) or comparable regulation in any country or jurisdiction outside the u.s . , and any 
 amend or successor regulation . phase ii clinical trial shall include in all case any phase i / ii clinical trial . 
 1.56 " phase iii clinical trial " mean a control study in human that be perform after preliminary evidence suggest effectiveness of a 
 product have be obtain , and be intend to demonstrate or confirm the therapeutic benefit of such product and to gather the additional information 
 about effectiveness and safety that be need to evaluate the overall 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 benefit - risk relationship of such product and to provide support for file for regulatory approval and for such product ’s labeling and summary of 
 product characteristic , as more fully define in 21 cfr § 312.21(c ) or comparable regulation in any country or jurisdiction outside the u.s . , and any 
 amend or successor regulation . for the sake of clarity , with respect to what be commonly call a phase ii / iii study , the phase iii clinical trial 
 definition be meet upon [ ] , as far define in federal regulation 21 c.f.r . § 312.21(c ) and its foreign equivalent . 
 1.57 " phase iv clinical trial " mean a clinical study in human initiate in a country after receipt of regulatory approval for a biopharmaceutical 
 product in such country , usually within or in support of the approve product labeling . 
 1.58 " pre - marketing " mean all sale and marketing activity undertake prior to and in preparation for the launch of the product . pre - marketing 
 shall include market research , key opinion leader development , advisory board , medical education , disease - relate public relation , health care economic 
 study , sale force training and other pre - launch activity prior to the first commercial sale of the product in a give country or other regulatory 
 jurisdiction . 
 1.59 " pricing approval " mean , with respect to any country where a governmental authority authorize reimbursement or access , or approve or 
 determine pricing , for biopharmaceutical product , receipt ( or , if require to make such authorization , approval of determination effective publication ) of 
 such reimbursement or access authorization or pricing approval or determination ( as the case may be ) . 
 1.60 " product " mean any biopharmaceutical product contain or comprise ( i ) the antibody; and ( ii ) any variant of the antibody that : ( a ) 
 [ ] and ( b ) [ ] ; provide , that a product do not include any active ingredient that be [ ] , other than the antibody as describe in the foregoing 
 subsection ( i ) and ( ii ) . for clarity , product exclude : ( 1 ) [ ] ; ( 2 ) [ ] ; ( 3 ) [ ] ; ( 4 ) [ ] ; ( 5 ) [ ] ; or ( 6 ) [ ] . 
 1.61 " product approval " mean the approval by a governmental authority necessary for the marketing and sale of the product in a give country 
 or regulatory jurisdiction , which may include the approval of an maa ( but shall not include any pricing approval ) . 
 1.62 " product complaint " mean any write , verbal or electronic expression of dissatisfaction regard any product sell by or on behalf of a 
 sell party , include report of actual or suspect product tampering , contamination , mislabeling or inclusion of improper ingredient . 
 1.63 " promotional material " mean all write , print , video or graphic advertising , promotional , educational and communication material 
 ( other than the product label and package insert ) for marketing , advertising and promote of the product , for use ( i ) by a sale representative or a 
 medical science liaison or ( ii ) in advertisement , web site or direct mail piece . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.64 " regulatory approval " mean , with respect to any biopharmaceutical product in any regulatory jurisdiction for a give indication , approval 
 from the applicable regulatory authority permit the manufacture , sale , distribution or commercialization of such biopharmaceutical product in such 
 regulatory jurisdiction for such indication in accordance with applicable law , include any pricing approval . 
 1.65 " regulatory authority " mean , in a particular country or regulatory jurisdiction , any applicable governmental authority involve in grant 
 regulatory approval and/or , to the extent require in such country or regulatory jurisdiction , governmental pricing approval of a biopharmaceutical 
 product in such country or regulatory jurisdiction . 
 1.66 " regulatory datum " mean any and all research datum , pharmacology datum , chemistry , manufacturing and control datum , preclinical datum , clinical 
 datum and all other documentation submit , or require to be submit , to regulatory authority in association with regulatory filing for the product 
 ( include any applicable drug master file , chemistry , manufacturing and control ( " cmc " ) datum , or similar documentation ) . 
 1.67 " regulatory material " mean regulatory application , submission , notification , communication , correspondence , meet minute , 
 registration , regulatory approval and/or other filing make to , receive from or otherwise conduct with a regulatory authority that be necessary in 
 order to develop , manufacture , obtain marketing authorization , market , sell , distribute or otherwise commercialize the product in a particular country or 
 regulatory jurisdiction . regulatory material include ind , maas , presentation , response , and application for product approval . 
 1.68 " royalty term " mean , with respect to a product on a country - by - country basis , the period of time begin on the first commercial sale of 
 such product in such country and end the later of ( i ) the expiration of the last to expire valid claim cover the antibody or product in such country , 
 or ( ii ) [ ] ( [ ] ) year from the first commercial sale of such product in such country . notwithstanding subsection ( i ) and ( ii ) above , the royalty 
 term for a product in a country shall not [ ] . 
 1.69 " sale representative " mean an individual who be employ by a party and who perform detail and other promotional effort with respect 
 to the product . 
 1.70 " sell party " mean aimmune or another aimmune agreement entity . 
 1.71 " third party " mean any person other than xencor , aimmune or their respective affiliate . 
 1.72 " united states " or " u.s . " mean the united states of america and its possession and territory . 
 1.73 " upstream agreement " mean that certain [ ] agreement by and between xencor and the [ ] date [ ] . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.74 " valid claim " mean , with respect to a particular country , ( i ) a claim of [ ] that ( a ) have not be specifically hold permanently revoke , 
 unenforceable or invalid by a decision of a court or other governmental authority of competent jurisdiction , which decision be unappealed or 
 unappealable within the time allow for appeal , and ( b ) have not be cancel , withdraw , abandon , disclaim or admit to be invalid or 
 unenforceable through reissue , disclaimer or otherwise , or ( ii ) a bona fide claim of a pende patent application [ ] that have not be ( a ) cancelled , 
 withdraw or abandon without be re - file in another application in the applicable jurisdiction , or ( b ) finally reject by an administrative agency 
 action from which no appeal can be take or that have not be appeal within the time allow for appeal . 
 1.75 " variant " mean [ ] . 
 1.76 " xencor [ ] " mean a [ ] . 
 1.77 " xencor invention " mean an invention that be invent solely or jointly with a third party , by or on behalf of xencor or its affiliate . 
 1.78 " xencor know - how " mean any and all know - how , whether or not patented or patentable , ( i ) to the extent control by xencor or its 
 affiliate as of the effective date , or , if transfer to aimmune thereafter during the term of this agreement , and that be necessary in connection with the 
 development , manufacture , commercialization or other use of the antibody or product or ( ii ) constitute a xencor invention . notwithstanding the 
 foregoing , in all case , xencor know - how do not include ( a ) [ ] , ( b ) [ ] , ( c ) [ ] , ( d ) [ ] , ( e ) [ ] , or ( f ) [ ] . 
 1.79 " xencor general patent " mean ( i ) the patent identify on schedule 1.79 , include patent issue from any patent application set forth on 
 schedule 1.79 , ( ii ) with respect to such patent set forth on schedule 1.79 , all provisional application , substitution , continuation , continuation - in - part , 
 divisional , renewal , patent - of - addition , reissue , reexamination and extension , ( iii ) all international and domestic counterpart of any of the 
 foregoing , and ( iv ) any other patent control by xencor that claim invention necessary for the development , manufacture , commercialization or 
 other use of the antibody or product as the antibody and product exist as of the effective date . 
 1.80 " xencor patent " mean xencor general patent and xencor product specific patent . 
 1.81 " xencor product specific patent " mean ( i ) the patent identify on schedule 1.81 , include patent issue from any patent application set 
 forth on schedule 1.81 , ( ii ) with respect to all patent set forth on schedule 1.81 , all provisional application , substitution , continuation , continuations- 
 in - part , divisional , renewal , patent - of - addition , reissue , reexamination and extension , ( iii ) any [ ] , and ( iv ) all international and domestic 
 counterpart of any of the foregoing . 
 1.82 " xencor technology " mean xencor know - how and xencor patent . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 1.83 additional definition . the following term have the meaning set forth in the correspond section of this agreement : 
 article 2 
 license 
 2.1 grant to aimmune . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , xencor hereby grant to aimmune during the term an exclusive , 
 worldwide , payment - bear license under and with respect to xencor patent and xencor ’s interest in joint collaboration patent , and a non - exclusive , 
 payment bear license under and with respect to xencor know - how , in each case , with the right to sublicense solely in accordance with section 2.3.2 , 
 solely to develop , manufacture and commercialize the product in and for the license field; provide that notwithstanding the foregoing , xencor shall 
 retain the right under and with respect to xencor patent and xencor ’s interest in joint collaboration patent to the extent necessary to perform its 
 obligation under this agreement . 
 2.2 additional licensing provision . 
 2.2.1 negative covenant . aimmune covenant that it will not use or practice any of xencor ’s right to and under the xencor patent , 
 xencor know - how or other intellectual property right license ( or sublicense , as applicable ) to it under this article 2 , except for the purpose 
 expressly permit in the applicable license grant . aimmune covenant that it will not research or develop ( include develop ) the antibody itself , 
 include not develop any modification , variant , fragment , progeny or derivative of such antibody , in each case , in a way that would produce a 
 molecule that be neither the antibody nor a molecule that fall within the definition of a product . 

 term 
 section 
 " agreement " 
 preamble 
 " bankrupt party " 
 14.7 
 " breach party " 
 13.2 
 [ ] 
 1.73 
 " claim " 
 11.1 
 " cmc " 
 1.66 
 " commercialization datum " 
 5.5 
 " confidential information " 
 12.1.1 
 " control party " 
 9.4.1(a ) 
 " court " 
 15.13.3 
 " dispute " 
 15.1 
 " effective date " 
 preamble 
 " ich " 
 1.34 
 term 
 section 
 " indemnify party " 
 11.3.1 
 " indemnify party " 
 11.3.1 
 " infringement claim " 
 9.4.1 
 " joint collaboration patent " 
 9.1.1 
 " aimmune " 
 preamble 
 " aimmune collaboration 
 patent " 
 9.1.1 
 " xencor " 
 preamble 
 " xencor collaboration patent " 
 9.1.1 
 " loss " 
 11.1 
 " packaging and labeling " 
 6.2 
 term 
 section 
 " party " or " party " 
 preamble 
 " product trade dress " 
 5.4.1 
 " product trademark " 
 5.4.1 
 " recovery " 
 9.4.2(c)(iv ) 
 " share " 
 7.1 
 " stock issuance agreement " 
 7.1 
 " sublicensee " 
 2.3.2 
 " term " 
 13.1 
 " third party patent " 
 7.3.2(b ) 
 " upfront payment " 
 7.1 
 " vat " 
 8.3.3 
 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 2.2.2 no imply licenses; retain right . except as explicitly set forth in this agreement , xencor do not grant any license , express or 
 imply , under its intellectual property right to aimmune , whether by implication , estoppel or otherwise . 
 2.2.3 upstream agreement . aimmune acknowledge , understand and agree that ( i ) the xencor know - how license to aimmune 
 pursuant to section 2.1 include certain know - how license to xencor pursuant to the upstream agreement , ( ii ) the license to such xencor know - how 
 constitute a sublicense under the upstream agreement , ( iii ) aimmune ’s right to such xencor know - how be subject and subordinate to the term and 
 condition of the upstream agreement , ( iv ) aimmune will comply with the upstream agreement , include undertake such activity as xencor 
 reasonably request to so comply , ( v ) [ ] be responsible for any and all payment due under the upstream agreement ( follow the effective date ) in 
 connection with develop , manufacture and commercialize the product by or on behalf of aimmune ( include by or on behalf of its affiliate or 
 sublicensee ) , and ( vi ) aimmune receive a copy of the upstream agreement prior to the effective date . 
 2.3 performance by affiliate and sublicensee . 
 2.3.1 performance by affiliate . the party recognize that each may perform some or all of its obligation under this agreement through 
 affiliates; provide , however , that each party shall remain responsible for and be guarantor of the performance by its affiliate and shall cause its 
 affiliate to comply with the provision of this agreement in connection with such performance . each party hereby expressly waive any requirement 
 that the other party exhaust any right , power or remedy , or proceed against an affiliate , for any obligation or performance hereunder prior to proceed 
 directly against such party . wherever in this agreement the party delegate responsibility to affiliate , the party agree that such entity may not make 
 decision inconsistent with this agreement , amend the term of this agreement or act contrary to its term in any way . 
 2.3.2 sublicensee . aimmune shall [ ] the right ( but not the obligation ) to sublicense the right grant to it under section 2.1 to its 
 affiliate or third party ( each , a " sublicensee”); provide , however , that aimmune shall remain responsible for the performance by any of its direct and 
 indirect sublicensee and shall cause its direct and indirect sublicensee to comply with the applicable provision of this agreement in connection with 
 such performance . without limit the foregoing , aimmune shall cause its direct and indirect sublicensee to accept in write all applicable term and 
 condition of this agreement , include the reporting , audit , inspection and confidentiality provision hereunder and section 2.2.1 and 2.4 . for the 
 avoidance of doubt , ( a ) aimmune will remain directly responsible for all amount owe to xencor under this agreement , and ( b ) aimmune shall cause 
 each sublicensee ( include each tier of sublicensee ) to be subject to the negative and restrictive covenant set forth in section 2.2.1 and 2.4 , 
 respectively . aimmune hereby expressly waive any requirement that xencor exhaust any right , power or remedy , or proceed against a subcontractor , for 
 any obligation or performance hereunder prior to proceed directly against aimmune . 
 2.4 restrictive covenant . aimmune hereby covenant and agree that it shall not ( and shall cause the other aimmune agreement entity 
 not to ) , either directly or indirectly , 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 develop , manufacture , or commercialize the product for use outside the licensed field . furthermore , xencor hereby covenant and agree that it shall 
 not ( and shall cause its affiliate not to ) , either directly or through grant a license or other right to , or otherwise facilitate , a third party to ( a ) 
 develop , manufacture or commercialize the antibody or the product during the term , ( b ) commence any [ ] of any [ ] that be not the antibody or a 
 product and that [ ] for use in the licensed field , prior to the [ ] ( [ ] th ) anniversary of the effective date , or ( c ) develop , manufacture or 
 commercialize any [ ] that be not the antibody or a product and that [ ] for use in the aimmune field during the term . it be the desire and intent of 
 the party that the restrictive covenant contain in this section 2.4 be enforce to the full extent permissible under applicable law and public 
 policy apply in each jurisdiction in which enforcement be seek . xencor and aimmune believe that the restrictive covenant in this section 2.4 be 
 valid and enforceable . however , if any restrictive covenant should for any reason become or be declare by a competent court or competition authority to 
 be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction , such restrictive covenant shall be deem to have be amend to the extent necessary in order that 
 such provision be valid and enforceable , such amendment shall apply only with respect to the operation of such provision of this section 2.4 in the 
 particular jurisdiction in which such declaration be make . far , both party agree that [ ] of this agreement . 
 2.5 progress update . aimmune shall keep xencor inform as to its progress and activity relate to the development , manufacture and 
 commercialization of the product on [ ] basis ( i.e. , every [ ] ( [ ] ) month ) , include by provide update on the status of study necessary for 
 obtain regulatory approval with respect to the product , regulatory matter and meeting with regulatory authority with respect to the product , and 
 commercialization activity commence no later than [ ] ( [ ] ) year prior to the date on which aimmune estimate the first commercial sale of 
 product will occur . additionally , to the extent applicable , such update shall include summary of aimmune ’s development plan for the product for the 
 ensue [ ] ( [ ] ) year time period . any information disclose under this section 2.5 shall be treat as confidential information as define in section 
 12.1 . 
 2.6 upstream agreement . during the term , neither xencor nor any of its affiliate shall ( a ) encumber any gpex technology , as define in the 
 upstream agreement , to the extent include within the xencor technology , or commit any act or permit the occurrence of any omission that would cause 
 the breach or termination of the upstream agreement , or otherwise knowingly take action or permit omission that would adversely affect the right 
 grant to aimmune hereunder with respect to the xencor patent and xencor know - how , or ( b ) without aimmune ’s prior write consent , amend or 
 otherwise modify or permit to be amend or modify , the upstream agreement in any respect that would adversely affect aimmune ’s right with respect 
 to , the antibody or product . xencor shall promptly notify aimmune upon xencor ’s become aware of any allege , threaten , or actual breach of the 
 upstream agreement by either party and shall not take any action that would reasonably give rise to the right of the counterparty to terminate the 
 upstream agreement . 
 2.7 technology transfer . xencor shall use commercially reasonable effort to transfer , and aimmune shall use commercially reasonable effort 
 to receive , the xencor know - how , regulatory material , and regulatory datum , in each case , as identify on schedule 2.7 to 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 permit and enable aimmune or its affiliate to develop and manufacture the product pursuant to the term of this agreement no later than [ ] ( [ ] ) 
 business day after the effective date . the technology transfer under this section 2.7 shall occur in an orderly fashion and in a manner reasonably 
 agree by the party . the implementation and transfer of information pursuant hereto shall be conduct through electronic , email and teleconference 
 consultation between the party . [ ] shall be responsible for any development or manufacturing relate out - of - pocket cost associate with such 
 technology transfer , include lab run , pilot scale testing and demo batch . xencor will allocate adequate appropriately qualified representative to 
 enable aimmune to practice and understand the xencor know - how , regulatory material , and regulatory datum , include in connection with the 
 transition of manufacturing responsibility to aimmune , xencor ’s obligation under this section 2.7 shall not exceed an aggregate of [ ] ( [ ] ) full- 
 time equivalent hour unless the party otherwise agree in write [ ] . 
 article 3 
 development 
 3.1 overview of development . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , aimmune shall be responsible for the development of the 
 product as set forth herein . aimmune , itself or with or through its affiliate and sublicensee , shall use commercially reasonable effort to perform the 
 development activity for the product to ( i ) achieve the development milestone set forth in section 7.2 , and ( ii ) obtain regulatory approval for the 
 product . 
 3.2 compliance . aimmune shall conduct the development activity in accordance with sound and ethical business and scientific practice , and in 
 compliance with all applicable law , include gcp and glp , and also include all applicable datum privacy and datum protection law . in addition , 
 aimmune shall not use in any capacity , in connection with its development ( or commercialization ) of the product hereunder , any person who have be 
 debarred pursuant to section 306 of the fd&c act ( or similar applicable law outside of the u.s . ) , or who be the subject of a conviction describe in such 
 section , and aimmune shall inform xencor in write promptly if it or any person who be perform service for aimmune hereunder be debar or be the 
 subject of a conviction describe in section 306 ( or similar applicable law outside of the u.s . ) , or if any action , suit , claim , investigation or legal 
 administrative proceeding be pending or , to aimmune ’s knowledge , be threaten , relate to the debarment of aimmune or any person use in any 
 capacity by aimmune in connection with its development ( or commercialization ) of the product hereunder . xencor shall not use in any capacity in 
 connection with perform its obligation under this agreement , any person who have be debar pursuant to section 306 of the fd&c act ( or similar 
 applicable law outside of the u.s . ) , or who be the subject of a conviction describe in such section . xencor shall inform aimmune in write immediately 
 promptly if it or any person who be perform service for xencor hereunder be debar or be the subject of a conviction describe in section 306 ( or 
 similar applicable law outside of the u.s . ) , or if any action , suit , claim , investigation or legal administrative proceeding be pending or , to xencor ’s 
 knowledge , be threaten , relate to the debarment of xencor or any person use in any capacity by xencor in connection with its development or 
 manufacture of the product prior to the effective date or performance under this agreement or during the term in the course of perform xencor ’s 
 obligation under this agreement . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 3.3 development cost . as between the party , aimmune shall be solely responsible for one hundred percent ( 100 ) of all development cost 
 incur with respect to any development activity . 
 3.4 record , report and information . aimmune shall , and shall cause each of the other aimmune agreement entity to , maintain current and 
 accurate record of all development activity conduct by it and all datum and other information result from such work ( which record shall include , 
 as applicable , book , record , report , research note , chart , graph , comment , computation , analysis , recording , photograph , computer program 
 and documentation thereof ( e.g. , sample of material and other graphic or write datum generate in connection with the development activity ) ) . such 
 record shall properly reflect all work do and result achieve in the performance of the development activity in sufficient detail and in good 
 scientific manner appropriate for regulatory and patent purpose . aimmune shall document all preclinical study and clinical trial to be conduct in 
 formal write study report accord to applicable national and international ( e.g. , ich , gcp and glp ) guideline . 
 article 4 
 regulatory 
 4.1 regulatory filing and regulatory approval . 
 4.1.1 general responsibilities; ownership of regulatory approval . aimmune shall be responsible for the preparation of all regulatory 
 material necessary or desirable for obtain and maintain the regulatory approval for the product and aimmune shall submit such regulatory 
 material , as applicable , to the applicable governmental authority . for clarity , to the extent allow by applicable law , all regulatory approval for the 
 product shall be hold and own by aimmune in its name . 
 4.1.2 pricing approval . to the extent that a give country or regulatory jurisdiction require pricing approval for sale of the product , 
 aimmune shall ( to the extent permit by applicable law ) be solely responsible for ( and shall use commercially reasonable effort toward ) obtain 
 and maintain pricing approval in all such country and regulatory jurisdiction in which it obtain regulatory approval for product , in its own 
 name . 
 4.1.3 cost of regulatory activity . all regulatory cost incur in connection with the preparation of regulatory material , and obtain 
 of product approval , for the product shall be bear solely by aimmune . aimmune shall be responsible for all regulatory cost involve in the 
 maintenance of all regulatory approval for the product . 
 4.1.4 reporting and review . pursuant to the update to be provide to xencor under section 2.5 , aimmune shall keep xencor reasonably 
 inform in connection with the preparation of all material regulatory material , regulatory authority review of regulatory material , and regulatory 
 approval , in each case with respect to the product . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 4.1.5 safety reporting . aimmune shall provide a [ ] safety report in connection with the development of the product . aimmune shall 
 determine , [ ] , the content and frequency of such report , but in any event such report will be make as [ ] for xencor to remain informed of the 
 safety status of the product to assess , monitor and report to regulatory authority information relevant to the safety of product in connection with 
 xencor ’s effort to obtain regulatory approval of product that be not the product and that [ ] , and comply with applicable law . xencor shall 
 provide a [ ] safety report in connection with the development of product ( other than product ) that [ ] . xencor shall determine , [ ] , the content 
 and frequency of such report , but in any event such report will be make as [ ] for aimmune to assess , monitor and report to regulatory authority 
 information relevant to the safety of product in connection with aimmune ’s effort to obtain regulatory approval of the product and comply with 
 applicable law . 
 4.2 no other regulatory filing . except as otherwise expressly set forth in this article 4 , aimmune and aimmune agreement entity shall not 
 file any regulatory material or regulatory approval that be base on any xencor technology . 
 4.3 pharmacovigilance and medical inquiry . 
 4.3.1 pharmacovigilance . subject to section 4.1.1 , aimmune , as the holder of the product approval , shall be responsible for the 
 collection , review , assessment , tracking and filing of information relate to adverse event associate with the product ( whether or not product approval 
 have be achieve ) , in each case in accordance with applicable law and this agreement ( and aimmune shall , in the development and commercialization 
 of the product , record , investigate , summarize , notify , report and review all adverse event in accordance with applicable law ) . 
 4.3.2 medical inquiry for the product . follow the effective date , subject to section 4.1.1 , aimmune shall be responsible for handle 
 all medical question or inquiry in each country , include all product complaint , with regard to any product distribute or sell by or on behalf of 
 aimmune ( or any of the other aimmune agreement entity ) , in each case in accordance with applicable law and this agreement . 
 4.3.3 regulatory authority communication . in addition to its obligation under this agreement , each party shall disclose to the other 
 party ( and each party shall have the right to subsequently disclose to its affiliate and subcontractor and licensee , specifically those licensee of the 
 product in the case of aimmune , who be bind by obligation of confidentiality substantially consistent with those in article 12 ) the follow 
 regulatory information : all material information pertain to material adverse or potentially material adverse action take or that may be take by 
 regulatory authority , in connection with the product or antibody , include any notice , audit notice , notice of initiation by regulatory authority of 
 investigation , detention , seizure or injunction concern the product or antibody , notice of violation letter ( i.e. , an untitled letter ) , warning letter , 
 service of process or other equivalent 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 communication or action . without limit the generality of the foregoing , each party shall promptly , but in any event within [ ] ( [ ] ) business day , 
 inform the other party of any material adverse or potentially material adverse action take or that may be take by regulatory authority in connection 
 with the product or antibody , include any notice , audit notice , notice of initiation by regulatory authority of investigation , detention , seizure or 
 injunction concern the product or antibody , notice of violation letter ( i.e. , an untitled letter ) , warning letter , service of process or other equivalent 
 communication or action . 
 4.3.4 recall , withdrawal , or market notification of product . in the event that any governmental authority threaten or initiate any 
 action to remove the product from the market , aimmune shall notify xencor of such communication promptly , but in no event later than [ ] ( [ ] ) 
 business day , after receipt thereof . aimmune shall [ ] any recall , withdrawal or market notification of the product . as between the party , all cost 
 and expense associate with implement a recall , withdrawal or market notification with respect to the product shall be bear by [ ] . 
 article 5 
 commercialization 
 5.1 commercialization . during the term , as between the party , aimmune shall be solely responsible for commercialize the product . aimmune 
 shall be responsible for one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the expense ( include pre - marketing and other commercialization expense ) incur in 
 connection with the commercialization of the product . 
 5.2 aimmune ’s performance . 
 5.2.1 specific commercialization obligation . without limit the generality of the provision of section 5.1 , in connection with the 
 commercialization of the product by or on behalf of aimmune or its affiliate and sublicensee hereunder : 
 ( a ) aimmune , itself or with or through its affiliate and sublicensee , shall ( i ) use commercially reasonable effort to commercialize 
 the product in the licensed field throughout the major territory , ( ii ) represent the product accurately and fairly , and ( iii ) not sell or distribute the product 
 in a bundle with other product at a discount that be not equitably allocate between product and other product with which the product be bundle . 
 ( b ) aimmune shall not ( i ) [ ] , or ( ii ) utilize deceptive , misleading or unethical business practice , in each case in the course of 
 perform activity pursuant to this agreement . 
 ( c ) aimmune , itself or with or through its affiliate and sublicensee , shall be solely responsible for ( i ) receive , accept and fill 
 order for the product , ( ii ) handle all return of the product , ( iii ) control invoicing , order processing and collection of account receivable for the 
 sale of the product , and ( iv ) distribute and manage inventory of the product . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 5.3 report . without limit aimmune ’s other reporting obligation hereunder , aimmune shall , during the fourth calendar quarter of each 
 calendar year after the first commercial sale of a product , provide xencor [ ] involve product during the precede four ( 4 ) calendar quarter . 
 5.4 product trademark and product trade dress . 
 5.4.1 product trademark . aimmune shall commercialize the product under the trademark and the trade dress select by aimmune ( the 
 " product trademark " and the " product trade dress " , respectively ) . 
 5.4.2 use and ownership of product trademark and product trade dress . all us of the product trademark and product trade dress by 
 aimmune ( and its other aimmune agreement entity ) to identify and/or in connection with the commercialization of the product shall be in accordance 
 with regulatory approval and all applicable law . aimmune or the other aimmune agreement entity shall own and retain all right to the product 
 trademark and product trade dress ( in each case , together with all goodwill associate therewith ) . aimmune or the other aimmune agreement entity 
 shall also own right to any internet domain name incorporate the product trademark or any variation or part of such trademark as its url address . 
 5.4.3 maintenance of product trademark . during the term , aimmune or the other aimmune agreement entity will use commercially 
 reasonable effort to establish and maintain the product trademark and will [ ] . 
 5.4.4 no inclusion of xencor logos on packaging and promotional material . notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein , aimmune 
 shall not use any xencor trademark , name , logo or housemark in connection with any promotional material or the product without xencor ’s write 
 consent . without limit the foregoing , aimmune will take no action that will interfere with or diminish xencor ’s right in its respective trademark , 
 name and logo , and if xencor reasonably believe that the use of any trademark , name and logo by aimmune hereunder be interfere with or 
 diminish its right , xencor shall notify aimmune thereof in writing and aimmune shall promptly cease use of such trademark , name or logo in such 
 manner . 
 5.5 commercialization datum . as between the party , aimmune shall own all marketing and sale datum and information result from its 
 commercialization of the product during the term ( the " commercialization datum " ) , include promotional material , marketing strategy and market 
 research datum . 
 article 6 
 supply 
 6.1 initial product supply . xencor shall provide a [ ] supply of product to aimmune in the amount and in the form set forth on schedule 6.1 , 
 which aimmune agree to accept on an as - is basis . xencor shall make available to aimmune the quantity of the product 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 specify on schedule 6.1 within [ ] ( [ ] ) business day from the effective date or otherwise as agree to by the party , and shall provide 
 appropriate documentation at such time ( i.e. , appropriate certificate of analysis or compliance , as applicable ) . the product shall be make available to 
 aimmune [ ] . for clarity , aimmune shall bear all cost in connection with such supply of product relate to shipping , taxis , additional testing and 
 other matter . 
 6.2 packaging and labeling; certain other manufacturing activity . notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain herein , aimmune or 
 its designate third party shall be responsible ( [ ] ) for all final product labeling and packaging ( whether in commercial or clinical packaging 
 presentation ) , include material such as patient insert , patient medication guide , professional insert and any other write , print or graphic 
 material accompany the product and consider to be part of the finished product packaging and labeling , and handling , storage , quality control , 
 quality assurance , testing and release ( collectively , " packaging and labeling " ) . aimmune or its designate third party shall ensure that all such 
 packaging and labeling complie with applicable law , gmp and the regulatory approval for the product . to the extent that a third party be involve 
 in packaging and labeling or other activity describe in this section 6.2 , [ ] shall be [ ] responsible for [ ] , qualify such third party to 
 perform such activity . 
 article 7 
 payment 
 7.1 upfront payment . within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the effective date of this agreement , aimmune shall issue to xencor share of aimmune 
 common stock ( the " share " ) in accordance with that certain stock issuance agreement , date the date hereof , by and among xencor and aimmune 
 ( the " stock issuance agreement " ) , and pay to xencor by wire transfer of immediately available fund , into an account designate in writing by xencor , 
 an amount equal to five million dollar ( 5,000,000 ) ( together with the issuance of the share , the " upfront payment " ) . the upfront payment shall be 
 nonrefundable and noncreditable against any other payment due hereunder . 
 7.2 milestone payment . aimmune shall pay to xencor the one - time milestone payment describe in this section 7.2 follow achievement ( and 
 only upon the first occurrence ) of the correspond milestone event for a product . aimmune shall promptly notify xencor in writing of , but in no event 
 later than [ ] ( [ ] ) day after , the achievement of each such milestone event with respect to a product . aimmune shall pay the applicable milestone 
 payment by wire transfer of immediately available fund within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the achievement ( and only upon the first occurrence ) of the 
 applicable milestone event into an account designate by xencor in writing . each such milestone payment be nonrefundable and noncreditable against 
 any other payment due hereunder . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 milestone event 
 milestone 
 payment 
 development milestone 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 sale milestone 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 7.3 royalty payment . 
 7.3.1 product . on a product - by - product and country - by - country basis during the royalty term applicable to such product and such 
 country , aimmune shall pay to xencor the follow royalty on net sale of product , subject to section 7.3.2 : 
 aggregate annual net sale 
 royalty 
 rate 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 7.3.2 royalty reduction . 
 ( a ) no valid claim . on a country - by - country and product - by - product basis , if at any time during the royalty term with respect to 
 such country and such product , such product be not cover by any valid claim of a [ ] , the royalty rate apply to net sale of such product shall be 
 the royalty rate in section 7.3.1 reduce by [ ] percent ( [ ] ) for so long as during the royalty term such product be not cover by a valid claim of 
 a [ ] in such country . 
 ( b ) third party intellectual property . aimmune shall have the right ( but not the obligation ) , at its own expense ( subject to the 
 reduction provide for by this section 7.3.2(b ) ) , to obtain any license from any third party that be not sublicensee of aimmune with respect to a 
 product in such country under any issue patent that would be infringe by the practice of xencor technology license under section 2.1 with respect 
 to a give product in a particular country ( each such patent , a " third party patent " ) . if aimmune obtain such a license to a third party patent , 
 aimmune shall be entitle to credit [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the royalty pay to such third party during a calendar quarter against the royalty 
 payment otherwise payable by aimmune to xencor pursuant to this section 7.3 with respect to such product and such country in such calendar quarter . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , aimmune shall have no right to reduce payment due to xencor under this agreement by any amount pay to [ ] in 
 connection with the upstream agreement or any other agreement enter into between aimmune and [ ] . 
 ( c ) generic competition . on a country - by - country and product - by - product basis , if at any time during the royalty term with respect 
 to such country and such product there be one or more generic product(s ) with respect to such product be sell for [ ] ) consecutive calendar 
 quarter , then [ ] for such country and such product , the royalty rate for such product shall be reduce , after give effect to any reduction applicable 
 to such product in such country pursuant to [ ] , on a calendar quarter basis as follow : 
 ( i ) if the cumulative net sale of such product in such country during such calendar quarter be equal to or less than [ ] 
 percent ( [ ] ) , but be great than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) , of the baseline quarter net sale , then the royalty rate will be reduce for such calendar 
 quarter by [ ] percent ( [ ] ) ; and 
 ( ii ) if the cumulative net sale of such product in such country during such calendar quarter be less than [ ] percent 
 ( [ ] ) of the baseline quarter net sale of the baseline quarter net sale , then the royalty rate for such calendar quarter will be reduce by [ ] 
 percent ( [ ] ) . 
 provide , that , for clarity , on a country - by - country and product - by - product basis , there will be no royalty rate reduction with respect to a give country 
 and product pursuant to this section 7.3.2(c ) with respect to the initial [ ] ( [ ] ) consecutive calendar quarter period during which generic product 
 entry with respect to such product and such country be be establish . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 ( d ) royalty floor . notwithstanding any provision set forth in this agreement to the contrary , none of the permit reduction to 
 royalty provide in this section 7.3.2 will reduce any royalty payment payable in a give calendar quarter with respect to net sale of any product in 
 any country during the royalty term by more than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the royalty otherwise owe to xencor pursuant to section 7.3.1 . 
 article 8 
 payment; records; audit 
 8.1 royalty payment and report . the royalty payment due by aimmune to xencor under section 7.3 shall be calculate , report and pay for 
 each calendar quarter within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the end of each calendar quarter and shall be accompany by a report set forth net sale of 
 product by aimmune in sufficient detail to permit confirmation of the accuracy of the royalty payment make , include the gross sale and net sale of 
 each product , on a country - by - country basis , and the exchange rate use in accordance with section 8.2 . without limit the generality of the 
 foregoing , aimmune shall require its affiliate and other aimmune agreement entity to account for its net sale and to provide such report with 
 respect thereto as if such sale be make by aimmune . 
 8.2 manner and place of payment . when conversion of payment from any currency other than u.s . dollar be require , such conversion shall be 
 at an exchange rate equal to the rate of exchange for the currency of the country from which such payment be payable as publish by the wall street 
 journal , western u.s . edition , on the last business day of the calendar quarter in which the applicable sale be make in such country . all payment 
 hereunder shall be payable in u.s . dollar . all payment owe under this agreement shall be make by wire transfer in immediately available fund to a 
 bank and account designate in writing by xencor , unless otherwise specify in writing by xencor . 
 8.3 taxis . 
 8.3.1 the party acknowledge and agree that it be their mutual objective and intent to minimize , to the extent feasible , taxis payable with 
 respect to their collaborative effort under this agreement to cooperate and coordinate with each other to achieve such objective . for the avoidance of 
 doubt , as between the party , aimmune shall be responsible for any brand prescription drug fee that may be levy under section 9008 of the 
 affordable care act with respect to any product sell . 
 8.3.2 subject to this section 8.3.2 , xencor will pay any and all taxis , include withholding , levy on account of any payment make to it 
 under this agreement . if any taxis be pay or require to be withhold by aimmune for the benefit of xencor on account of any payment payable to 
 xencor under this agreement , aimmune will ( i ) deduct such taxis from the amount of payment otherwise due to xencor , ( ii ) timely pay the taxis to the 
 proper tax authority , ( iii ) send proof of payment to xencor within [ ] ( [ ] ) day follow such payment and ( iv ) cooperate with xencor in any 
 way reasonably require by xencor to obtain available reduction , credit or refund of such taxis . notwithstanding the foregoing , if ( a ) aimmune 
 assign its right or obligation or delegate its right under this agreement , ( b ) as a 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 result of such assignment or delegation , aimmune ( or its assignee ) be require by applicable law to withhold taxis from or in respect of any amount 
 payable under this agreement , and ( c ) such withholding taxis exceed the amount of withholding taxis that would have be applicable but for such 
 assignment or delegation , then any such amount payable shall be increase to take into account such withholding taxis as may be necessary so that , 
 after make all require withholding ( include withholding on the additional amount payable ) , the payee receive an amount equal to the sum it 
 would have receive have no such increase withholding be make . each party shall cooperate with the other party in any way reasonably request by 
 the other party to minimize the withholding tax implication of any such assignment or delegation . 
 8.3.3 aimmune shall be responsible for all value add taxis ( " vat " ) , if any , attributable to transaction contemplate by this agreement 
 without any offset or reimbursement from xencor . xencor shall cooperate with aimmune in any way reasonably request by aimmune to obtain 
 available reduction , credit or refund of any vat amount attributable to transaction contemplate by this agreement . 
 8.3.4 [ ] . 
 8.4 records; audit . during the term and for [ ] ( [ ] ) year thereafter , aimmune shall keep , and shall cause its affiliate and sublicensee to 
 keep and provide to xencor , complete and accurate record pertain to the sale or other disposition of product in sufficient detail to permit xencor to 
 confirm the accuracy of payment due hereunder . xencor shall have the right , upon [ ] ( [ ] ) day ' prior write notice to aimmune , to cause an 
 independent , certify international public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to aimmune or reasonably acceptable to its affiliate or sublicensee , 
 as applicable , to audit such record during aimmune ’s , or its affiliate ’s or sublicensee ' , as applicable , normal business hour to confirm the number of 
 product unit sell , the gross sale and net sale of product , the royalty payable , the method use to calculate the royalty payable , and the exchange 
 rate use in accordance with section 8.2 . the audit shall be limit to pertinent record keep by aimmune and its affiliate and sublicensee for any 
 year end not more than [ ] ( [ ] ) month prior to the date of the write notice . an audit under this section 8.4 shall not occur more than [ ] in 
 any calendar year , except in the case of any subsequent " for cause " audit . the accounting firm shall disclose to xencor only whether the report be 
 correct or incorrect and the specific detail concern any discrepancy . no other information shall be provide to xencor . the accounting firm shall 
 provide aimmune with a copy of any disclosure or report make to xencor and aimmune shall have an opportunity to discuss such disclosure or 
 report with xencor and the accounting firm . information , disclosure , or report arise from any such examination shall be confidential information of 
 aimmune subject to the confidentiality and other obligation of article 12 . prompt adjustment shall be make by the party to reflect the result of 
 such audit . xencor shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit disclose an underpayment of more than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the 
 payment due under this agreement , in which case , [ ] . 
 8.5 late payment . in the event that any payment due under this agreement be not send to xencor when due in accordance with the applicable 
 provision of section 7.1 , 7.2 , or 8.1 , the payment shall accrue interest from the date due at the [ ] , plus an additional [ ] 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 percentage point ( [ ] ppts); provide , however , that ( a ) in the event that more than [ ] payment due under this agreement be not receive by 
 xencor when due , the foregoing rate shall increase to the prime rate plus an additional [ ] percentage point ( [ ] ppt ) per year calculate on the 
 number of day such payment be delinquent , compound annually and compute on the basis of a three hundred sixty five ( 365 ) day year , and ( b ) in no 
 event shall such rate exceed the maximum legal annual interest rate . the payment of such interest shall not limit xencor from exercise any other right it 
 may have as a consequence of the lateness of any payment . 
 article 9 
 intellectual property matter 
 9.1 ownership of intellectual property . 
 9.1.1 general . subject to the provision of this section 9.1.1 and except as expressly set forth otherwise in this agreement , ( i ) xencor shall 
 solely own patent cover any xencor invention ( " xencor collaboration patent " ) , and ( ii ) aimmune shall solely own patent cover any 
 aimmune invention ( " aimmune collaboration patent " ) . all joint invention shall be jointly own by the party , and patent cover joint 
 invention shall be refer to as " joint collaboration patent " . each party shall promptly disclose to the other party all xencor invention , aimmune 
 invention and joint invention , as applicable , make by it during the term . the determination of inventorship for such invention shall be make in 
 accordance with applicable law relate to inventorship set forth in the patent law of the united states ( title 35 , united states code ) . 
 9.1.2 employee . each party will require all of its and its affiliate ' employee to assign all invention that be develop , make or 
 conceive by such employee accord to the ownership principle describe in section 9.1.1 free and clear of all lien , encumbrance , charge , security 
 interest , mortgage or other similar restriction . each party will also use its commercially reasonable effort to require any agent or independent 
 contractor perform an activity pursuant to this agreement to assign all invention that be develop , make or conceive by such agent or 
 independent contractor to the relevant party , accord to the ownership principle describe in section 9.1.1 free and clear of all lien , encumbrance , 
 charge , security interest , mortgage or other similar restriction . 
 9.2 disclosures; dispute regard invention . each party shall , before file a new patent application ( include provisional and 
 continuation - in - part ) claim an invention , promptly disclose such invention to the other party and shall provide to the other party with a copy of the 
 propose patent application at least [ ] ( [ ] ) business day before file such application or such short time as may be require to preserve patent 
 right , include the avoidance of a statutory bar or prior publication . if such other party believe that the first party ’s propose patent application 
 disclose such other party ’s confidential information , such other party shall so notify the first party within such [ ] ( [ ] ) business day after 
 receipt thereof , and such first party shall amend its propose application to comply with the confidentiality provision of this agreement . if the party 
 be in agreement as to the designation of the invention as a xencor invention , joint invention or aimmune invention , as applicable , they can 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 continue as set forth in section 9.3 . if the party disagree as to whether an invention be a xencor invention , joint invention or aimmune invention , and 
 be unable to reach agreement within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after commence discussion , then the provision of section 15.1 shall apply to such dispute 
 without limit either party ’s right to continue with file such application . 
 9.3 patent filing , prosecution and maintenance . 
 9.3.1 xencor general patent . subject to , and without limit aimmune ’s right under , section 9.4 of this agreement , xencor shall have 
 the sole right to prepare , file , prosecute and maintain all xencor general patent , [ ] , include by conduct reissue , reexamination , interference , 
 and/or defend against post grant proceeding , such as inter parte review and opposition and other challenge to the validity or enforceability of 
 such xencor general patent . xencor shall keep aimmune generally inform of the status of xencor general patent upon aimmune ’s request 
 reasonable request from time - to - time . 
 9.3.2 xencor product specific patent , aimmune patent and joint collaboration patent . 
 ( a ) aimmune shall have the first right to prepare , file , prosecute and maintain ( i ) xencor product specific patent , ( ii ) aimmune 
 patent cover an antibody or product , and ( iii ) joint collaboration patent , [ ] , include by conduct reissue , reexamination , interference , 
 and/or defend against post grant proceeding , such as inter parte review and opposition and other challenge to the validity or enforceability of 
 the relevant patent; provide that aimmune shall receive xencor ’s prior write approval , not to be unreasonably withhold or delay , before conduct 
 reissue , reexamination , interference , and/or defend against post grant proceeding for the [ ] , such as inter parte review and opposition and 
 other challenge to the validity or enforceability of such relevant patent . [ ] . [ ] . aimmune shall keep xencor inform of the status of xencor 
 product specific patent , aimmune patent cover an antibody or product , and joint collaboration patent [ ] . with respect to any material 
 substantive submission that aimmune be require to or otherwise intend to submit to a patent office with respect to a [ ] , aimmune shall provide a 
 draft of such submission to xencor at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day ( or such time as be possible ) prior to the deadline for , or the intend filing date of , such 
 submission , whichever be early ( or as soon as reasonably possible if aimmune have less than [ ] ( [ ] ) day ' notice of a deadline for submission ) . 
 xencor shall have the right to review and comment upon any such submission by aimmune to a patent office , and will provide such comment within 
 [ ] ( [ ] ) day after receive such submission ( provide , that if no comment be receive within such [ ] ( [ ] ) day period , then aimmune may 
 proceed with such submission ) . aimmune shall [ ] any suggestion or recommendation of xencor concern the preparation , filing , prosecution and 
 maintenance thereof . 
 ( b ) the party shall cooperate reasonably in the prosecution of all xencor product specific patent , aimmune patent cover an 
 antibody or product and joint collaboration patent and shall share all material information relate thereto promptly after receipt of such information . if , 
 during the term , aimmune ( i ) intend to allow any xencor product specific patent , aimmune patent cover an antibody or product or joint 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 collaboration patent to expire or intend to otherwise abandon any such xencor product specific patent , aimmune patent cover an antibody or 
 product or joint collaboration patent , or ( ii ) decide not to prepare or file patent application cover aimmune invention or joint invention , 
 aimmune shall notify xencor of such intention or decision at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day ( or as soon as possible if less than [ ] ( [ ] ) day ) prior to any 
 filing or payment due date , or any other date that require action , in connection with such xencor product specific patent , aimmune patent cover an 
 antibody or product or joint collaboration patent , and xencor shall thereupon have the right , but not the obligation , to assume responsibility for the 
 preparation , filing , prosecution or maintenance thereof [ ] , in the name of xencor or aimmune , as applicable . 
 9.3.3 cooperation . the party agree to cooperate in the preparation , filing , prosecution and maintenance of all patent under this section 
 9.3 , include obtain and execute necessary power of attorney and assignment by the name inventor , provide relevant technical report to the 
 filing party concern the invention disclose in such patent , obtain execution of such other document which be need in the filing and 
 prosecution of such patent , and , as request by a party , update each other regard the status of such patent , and shall cooperate with the other 
 party so far as reasonably necessary with respect to furnish all information and datum in its possession reasonably necessary to obtain or maintain 
 such patent . 
 9.4 infringement of third party patents; enforcement of patent . 
 9.4.1 infringement of third party patent . each of the party shall promptly , but in any event no later than [ ] ( [ ] ) day after receipt 
 of notice thereof , notify the other party in write in the event of any claim by a third party of allege patent infringement by aimmune or the other 
 aimmune agreement entity with respect to the research , development , manufacture , use , sale , offer for sale or importation of the antibody or product 
 ( each , an " infringement claim " ) . with respect to any infringement claim , the party shall attempt to negotiate in good faith a resolution with respect 
 thereto . if the party can not settle such infringement claim with the appropriate third party within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the receipt of the notice 
 pursuant to this section 9.4.1 , then the follow shall apply : 
 ( a ) in the case of any such claim against aimmune alone or against both aimmune and xencor , in each case , with respect to the 
 antibody or product , then aimmune shall be deem to be the " control party " for purpose of such infringement claim . in the case of any claim 
 against xencor alone , then xencor shall be deem to be the " control party " for purpose of such infringement claim . 
 ( b ) the control party shall assume control of the defense of such infringement claim . the non - controlling party , upon request of 
 the control party , agree to join in any such litigation , and in any event to reasonably cooperate with the control party , in each case , at the [ ] 
 expense . the non - controlling party will have the right to consult with the control party concern such infringement claim and to participate in and 
 be represent by independent counsel in any litigation in which such non - controlling party be a party at its own expense . the control party shall 
 have the exclusive right to settle any 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 infringement claim without the consent of the other party , unless such settlement would have a material adverse impact on the other party ( in which case 
 the consent of such other party shall be require ) . for purpose of this section 9.4.1(b ) , any settlement that would involve the waiver of right ( include 
 the right to receive payment ) of such other party shall be deem a material adverse impact and shall require the consent of such other party , such 
 consent not to be unreasonably withhold . 
 9.4.2 prosecution of infringer . 
 ( a ) notice . if either party ( i ) receive notice of any patent nullity action , any declaratory judgment action or any alleged or 
 threaten infringement of patent or patent application or misappropriation of intellectual property comprise the ( w ) joint invention , ( x ) xencor 
 patent , xencor invention , or xencor know - how or ( y ) aimmune patent , aimmune invention , joint collaboration patent or aimmune know - how , or 
 ( ii ) learn that a third party be infringe or allegedly infringe any patent within the xencor patent , joint collaboration patent or aimmune patent , or 
 if any third party claim that any such patent be invalid or unenforceable , it will promptly notify the other party thereof , include provide evidence of 
 infringement or the claim of invalidity or unenforceability reasonably available to such party . any matter relate to patent nullity action , declaratory 
 judgment action or claim of patent invalidity or unenforceability will be handle as provide in section 9.3 . 
 ( b ) enforcement of patent . 
 ( i ) as between the party , aimmune will have the first right ( but not the obligation ) to take the appropriate step to enforce 
 any patent within the xencor product specific patent , aimmune patent and joint collaboration patent against infringement by a third party , that is , in 
 each cause , conduct the manufacture , sale , use , offer for sale or import of any biopharmaceutical product . aimmune may take any step it reasonably 
 believe appropriate to enforce such patent , include the initiation , prosecution and control of any suit , proceed or other legal action by counsel of 
 its own choice and shall bear the cost of such enforcement , as applicable . notwithstanding the foregoing , xencor will have the right , at [ ] expense , 
 to be represent in any such action by counsel of its own choice . 
 ( ii ) if , pursuant to section 9.4.2(b)(i ) , aimmune fail to institute such litigation or otherwise take step to remedy the 
 applicable infringement within [ ] ( [ ] ) day of the date one party have provide notice to the other party pursuant to section 9.4.2(a ) of such 
 infringement , then xencor will have the right ( but not the obligation ) , at [ ] expense , to bring any such suit , action or proceeding by counsel of its own 
 choice and aimmune will have the right , at [ ] expense , to be represent in any such action by counsel of its own choice . 
 ( iii ) as between the party , xencor will have the sole right ( but not the obligation ) to take the appropriate step to enforce 
 any patent within the xencor general patent against infringement by a third party , that is , in each cause , conduct the manufacture , sale , use , offer for 
 sale or import of any biopharmaceutical product . xencor may take step include the initiation , prosecution and control of any suit , proceed or other 
 legal action by counsel of its own choice and shall bear the cost of such enforcement , as applicable . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 ( c ) cooperation; damage . 
 ( i ) if one party bring any suit , action or proceed under section 9.4.2(b ) , the other party agree to be join as party 
 plaintiff if necessary to prosecute the suit , action or proceeding and to give the first party reasonable authority to file and prosecute the suit , action or 
 proceeding; provide , however , that neither party will be require to transfer any right , title or interest in or to any property to the other party or any 
 other party to confer stand on a party hereunder without the first party ’s consent , not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . 
 ( ii ) the party not pursue the suit , action or proceeding hereunder will provide reasonable assistance to the other party , 
 include by provide access to relevant document and other evidence and make its employee available , subject to the other party ’s reimbursement 
 of any cost incur by the non - enforce or defend party in provide such assistance . 
 ( iii ) aimmune shall not , without the prior write consent of xencor ( [ ] ) , enter into [ ] relate to any claim , suit or 
 action that it bring under section 9.4.2 involve a [ ] . xencor shall not , without the prior write consent of aimmune ( [ ] ) , enter into any [ ] 
 relate to any claim , suit or action that it bring under section 9.4.2 involve an [ ] . 
 ( iv ) any settlement , damage or other monetary award ( a " recovery " ) recover pursuant to a suit , action or proceeding 
 bring pursuant to section 9.4.2(b ) will be allocate first to the cost and expense of the party take such action , and second , to the cost and 
 expense ( if any ) of the other party , with any remain amount ( if any ) to be allocate as follow : ( i ) for a suit , action or proceeding control by 
 aimmune , aimmune retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) and xencor retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such recovery , and ( ii ) for a suit , action or proceeding 
 control by xencor , be allocate between the party such that xencor retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) and aimmune retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of 
 such recovery , provide that , notwithstanding the foregoing clause ( i ) or ( ii ) , the portion of any recovery from any such action involve [ ] . 
 9.5 patent term extension . as between xencor and aimmune , aimmune shall have the right , but not the obligation , to seek patent term 
 extension ( include any supplemental protection certificate and the like available under applicable law ) in any country in relation to all [ ] ; 
 provide that if , with respect to a give country , aimmune [ ] then xencor [ ] . aimmune will reasonably consider seek patent term extension 
 for [ ] , and will not [ ] for the purpose of [ ] under this agreement . aimmune and xencor shall cooperate in connection with all such activity . 
 each party , its agent and attorney will give due consideration to all suggestion and comment of the other party regard any such activity , but in 
 the event of a disagreement between the party , aimmune will have the final decision make authority as to [ ] . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 9.6 patent marking . aimmune shall mark the product market and sell by aimmune ( or the other aimmune agreement entity ) hereunder with 
 appropriate patent number or indicia . 
 9.7 patent challenge . xencor will be permit to terminate this agreement upon write notice to aimmune , effective [ ] ( [ ] ) day after 
 receipt of write notice thereof by aimmune , if aimmune or any of the other aimmune agreement entity , directly or indirectly , ( i ) [ ] , or ( ii ) [ ] . 
 article 10 
 representation , warranty and covenants; compliance 
 10.1 mutual representation and warranty . each party hereby represent and warrant to the other party as follow , as of the effective date : 
 10.1.1 corporate existence and power . it be a company or corporation duly organize , validly exist , and in good standing under the law 
 of the jurisdiction in which it be incorporate , and have full corporate power and authority and the legal right to own and operate its property and asset 
 and to carry on its business as it be now be conduct and as contemplate in this agreement , include the right to grant the license grant by it 
 hereunder . 
 10.1.2 authority and bind agreement . ( i ) it have the corporate power and authority and the legal right to enter into this agreement and 
 perform its obligation hereunder , ( ii ) it have take all necessary corporate action on its part require to authorize the execution and delivery of this 
 agreement and the performance of its obligation hereunder , and ( iii ) this agreement have be duly execute and deliver on behalf of such party , and 
 constitute a legal , valid , and bind obligation of such party that be enforceable against it in accordance with its term , except as enforcement may be 
 affect by bankruptcy , insolvency or other similar law and by general principle of equity . 
 10.1.3 no conflict . the execution , delivery and performance of this agreement by it do not ( i ) conflict with any agreement , instrument 
 or understanding , oral or write , to which it be a party and by which it may be bind or ( ii ) violate any applicable law . 
 10.1.4 all consent and approval obtain . except with respect to regulatory approval for the development , manufacturing or 
 commercialization of the product or as otherwise describe in this agreement , ( i ) all necessary consent , approval and authorization of , and ( ii ) all 
 notice to , and filing by such party with , all governmental authority and other person require to be obtain or provide by such party as of the 
 effective date in connection with the execution , delivery and performance of this agreement have be obtain and provide , except for those 
 approval , if any , not require at the time of execution of this agreement . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 10.2 additional representation , warranty and covenant of xencor . xencor hereby represent , warrant and covenant to aimmune that , as of 
 the effective date : 
 10.2.1 xencor have not file any marketing authorization application with a governmental authority for the sale of the product . 
 10.2.2 xencor be the sole owner or licensee of the xencor patent exist as of the effective date . 
 10.2.3 there be no know - how that be own by or license to xencor that be necessary in connection with the development , manufacture , 
 commercialization or other use of the antibody or product that be not in the control of xencor as the antibody and product exist , and as be 
 develop and manufacture , as of the effective date . 
 10.2.4 schedule 1.79 and schedule 1.81 , when take together , set forth a true , complete and correct list of all patent control by xencor 
 or its affiliate as of the effective date that relate to the antibody or product and be necessary for develop , manufacture or commercialize the 
 antibody or product . 
 10.2.5 to xencor ’s knowledge , xencor have comply with all applicable law in all material respect , include any disclosure 
 requirement , in connection with the filing , prosecution and maintenance of the xencor patent own by xencor . 
 10.2.6 other than as set forth in schedule 10.2.6 , [ ] the issue patent within the xencor patent be neither invalid nor unenforceable . 
 10.2.7 no claim or demand of any person have be assert in writing to xencor or its affiliate , or to xencor ’s knowledge , its licensee or 
 sublicensee that challenge the right of xencor , its affiliate , licensee or sublicensee to make , use , sell , exploit or license the antibody or product or 
 to practice the xencor technology . 
 10.2.8 neither xencor nor , to the knowledge of xencor , its affiliate , licensee , sublicensee or subcontractor have receive write 
 notice of any proceeding pende before or threaten by any regulatory authority with respect to the antibody or product . 
 10.2.9 the upstream agreement be in full force and effect and , to its knowledge , no fact or circumstance exist that would give either party 
 to the upstream agreement the right to terminate for the other party ’s material breach thereof . 
 10.2.10 xencor have not use in any capacity , in connection with its development or manufacture of the product prior to the effective date 
 any person who have be debar pursuant to section 306 of the fd&c act ( or similar applicable law outside of the u.s . ) , or who be the subject of a 
 conviction describe in such section . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 10.2.11 neither xencor nor its affiliate or , to the knowledge of xencor , its licensee , sublicensee or subcontractor have make any 
 material misstatement in any regulatory filing with any regulatory authority with respect to the antibody or product . 
 10.2.12 neither xencor nor , to the knowledge of xencor , its affiliate , licensee , sublicensee or independent contractor have receive 
 any notice or claim of noncompliance with applicable law relate to activity conduct by or facility use by , xencor , its affiliate , licensee , 
 sublicensee or independent contractor in connection with the development or manufacture of antibody or product , and xencor be not aware of any 
 reasonable basis for any such notice or claim . 
 10.2.13 [ ] as of the effective date , neither the development , manufacture nor commercialization of antibody in the licensed field as 
 the antibody exist as of the effective date will infringe or misappropriate any intellectual property right of any third party . 
 10.2.14 to xencor ’s knowledge , xencor have disclose to aimmune all material information in its possession or control relate to the 
 antibody and product , and all such information be accurate in all material respect . 
 10.2.15 neither xencor nor its affiliate have develop or commercialize , and be not develop or commercialize , either directly or 
 through enable any third party ( by license , sublicense or other grant of right or performance of action ) , any antibody [ ] , other than the antibody . 
 10.2.16 the follow variation of the antibody be not require to develop , manufacture and commercialize the product in the licensed 
 field : ( i ) [ ] , ( ii ) [ ] , ( iii ) [ ] , ( iv ) [ ] , ( v ) [ ] , or ( vi ) [ ] . 
 10.3 additional representation , warranty and covenant of aimmune . aimmune hereby represent , warrant and covenant to xencor that , as 
 of the effective date : 
 10.3.1 [ ] 
 10.3.2 aimmune and its affiliate ( a ) have not develop or commercialize , and ( b ) be not develop or commercialize , either directly 
 or through enable any third party , any antibody [ ] other than the antibody and product pursuant to this agreement . 
 10.3.3 as of the effective date , aimmune have conduct due diligence in connection with the development and manufacture of the 
 product in the licensed field . 
 10.4 disclaimer . aimmune understand that the product be the subject of ongoing clinical research and development and that xencor can not 
 ensure the safety or usefulness of the product or that the product will receive regulatory approval . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 10.5 no other representation or warranty . except as expressly state in this agreement , no representation or 
 warranty whatsoever , whether express or imply , include warranty of merchantability , fitness for a 
 particular purpose , non - infringement , or non - misappropriation of third party intellectual property right , be make 
 or give by or on behalf of a party . except as expressly state in this agreement , all representation and warranty , 
 whether arise by operation of law or otherwise , be hereby expressly exclude . 
 10.6 compliance . 
 10.6.1 compliance with anti - corruption law . in connection with this agreement , each party represent , warrant and covenant to the 
 other party that it have comply and will comply with all applicable law ( include anti - corruption law ) and industry code deal with government 
 procurement , conflict of interest , corruption or bribery , include , if applicable , the u.s . foreign corrupt practice act of 1977 , as amend , and any law 
 enact to implement the organization of economic cooperation and development convention on combat bribery of foreign official in international 
 business transaction . 
 10.6.2 prohibit conduct . in connection with this agreement , each party represent , warrant and covenant to the other party that it have 
 not make , offer , give , promise to give , or authorize , and will not make , offer , give , promise to give , or authorize , any bribe , kickback , payment or 
 transfer of anything of value , directly or indirectly , to any person or to any government official for the purpose of : ( i ) improperly influence any act or 
 decision of the person or government official; ( ii ) induce the person or government official to do or omit to do an act in violation of a lawful or 
 otherwise require duty; ( iii ) secure any improper advantage; or ( iv ) induce the person or government official to improperly influence the act or 
 decision of any organization , include any government or government instrumentality , in order to assist such party in obtain or retain business . 
 article 11 
 indemnification 
 11.1 indemnification by xencor . xencor hereby agree to save , indemnify , defend and hold aimmune , its affiliate , and their respective director , 
 officer , agent and employee harmless from and against any and all loss , damage , liability , cost and expense ( include reasonable attorney ’ 
 fee and expense ) ( collectively , " loss " ) arise in connection with any and all charge , complaint , action , suit , proceeding , hearing , 
 investigation , claim , demand , judgment , order , decree , stipulation or injunction by a third party ( each a " claim " ) result or otherwise arise 
 from ( i ) any breach by xencor of any of its representation , warranty , covenant or obligation pursuant to this agreement , ( ii ) the development , 
 manufacturing , commercialization ( if applicable , after the term ) or the performance of a clinical trial for the antibody or product conduct by or on 
 behalf of xencor ( or its affiliate , licensee ( other than aimmune and its affiliate and sublicensee ) , sublicensee , or independent contractor ) , prior to 
 the effective date or after the term , provide that this section ( ii ) be not intend to extend to strict liability claim relate to the product , ( iii ) [ ] , and 
 ( iv ) the negligence or willful misconduct by xencor or its affiliate , licensee , sublicensee or subcontractor or their respective officer , director , 
 employee , agent or consultant in perform any obligation under this agreement , in each case except to the extent that such loss be subject to 
 indemnification by aimmune pursuant to section 11.2 . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 11.2 indemnification by aimmune . aimmune hereby agree to save , indemnify , defend and hold xencor , its affiliate , and their respective 
 director , agent and employee harmless from and against any and all loss arise in connection with any and all claim result or otherwise arise 
 from ( i ) any breach by aimmune of any of its representation , warranty , covenant or obligation pursuant to this agreement , ( ii ) [ ] , ( iii ) the 
 negligence or willful misconduct by aimmune ( or its affiliate , sublicensee , subcontractor , wholesaler or distributor ) or their respective officer , 
 director , employee , agent or consultant in perform any obligation under this agreement , or ( iv ) the development , manufacturing , packaging and 
 labeling or commercialization of the antibody or a product hereunder during or after the term ( include , for clarity , any product liability loss 
 result therefrom ) by aimmune ( or its affiliate , sublicensee , subcontractor , wholesaler or distributor ) or their respective officer , director , 
 employee , agent or consultant , in each case except to the extent that such loss be subject to indemnification by xencor pursuant to section 11.1 . 
 11.3 indemnification procedure . 
 11.3.1 a party believe that it be entitle to indemnification under , as applicable , section 11.1 or section 11.2 ( an " indemnified party " ) shall 
 give prompt write notification to the other party ( the " indemnifying party " ) of the commencement of any claim for which indemnification may be 
 seek or , if early , upon the assertion of any such claim by a third party ( it be understand and agree , however , that the failure by an indemnified 
 party to give notice of a claim as provide in this section 11.3.1 shall not relieve the indemnify party of its indemnification obligation under this 
 agreement except and only to the extent that such indemnify party be actually materially prejudiced as a result of such failure to give notice ) . within 
 [ ] ( [ ] ) day after delivery of such notification , the indemnify party may , upon write notice thereof to the indemnified party , assume control of 
 the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party . if a party believe that a claim present to it for indemnification 
 be one as to which the party seek indemnification be not entitle to indemnification under , as applicable , section 11.1 or section 11.2 , it shall so notify 
 the party seek indemnification . 
 11.3.2 if the indemnify party elect to assume the defense of such claim , the indemnified party may participate in such defense at its 
 own expense; provide , that if the indemnified party reasonably conclude , base on advice from counsel , that the indemnify party and the 
 indemnify party have conflict interest with respect to such claim , the indemnify party shall be responsible for the reasonable fee and expense 
 of counsel to the indemnified party solely in connection therewith . 
 11.3.3 the indemnify party shall keep the indemnified party advise of the status of such claim and the defense thereof and shall 
 consider recommendation make by the indemnified party with respect thereto . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 11.3.4 the indemnified party shall not agree to any settlement of such claim without the prior write consent of the indemnify party , 
 which shall not be unreasonably withhold . the indemnify party shall not agree to any settlement of such claim or consent to any judgment in respect 
 thereof that do not include a complete and unconditional release of the indemnified party from all liability with respect thereto or that impose any 
 liability or obligation on the indemnified party or adversely affect the indemnified party without the prior write consent of the indemnified party , which 
 shall not be unreasonably withhold . 
 11.4 limitation of liability . neither party shall be liable to the other party for any lost profit , or any special , 
 consequential , incidental , or indirect damage arise from or relate to any breach of this agreement , 
 regardless of any notice of the possibility of such damage . notwithstanding the foregoing , nothing in this section 
 11.4 be intend to or shall limit or restrict the indemnification right or obligation of any party under section 11.1 
 or 11.2 , or damage available for a party ’s breach of confidentiality obligation under article 12 . 
 11.5 insurance . aimmune shall procure and maintain insurance , include clinical trial insurance and product liability insurance , adequate to cover 
 its obligation hereunder and which be consistent with normal business practice of prudent company similarly situate at all time during which the 
 product be be clinically test in human subject or commercially distribute or sell by aimmune pursuant to this agreement; provide , that any such 
 clinical trial insurance coverage shall , prior to the first commercial sale of a product , in no event be less than [ ] dollar ( [ ] ) per loss occurrence , 
 and product liability insurance coverage shall , after such first commercial sale , in no event be less than [ ] dollar ( [ ] ) per loss occurrence . it be 
 understand that such insurance shall not be construe to create a limit of aimmune ’s liability with respect to its indemnification obligation under this 
 article 11 . aimmune shall provide xencor with write evidence of such insurance prior to commencement of this agreement and upon expiration of 
 any one coverage . aimmune shall provide xencor with write notice at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day prior to the cancellation , nonrenewal or material change 
 in such insurance or self - insurance which materially adversely affect the right of xencor hereunder . 
 article 12 
 confidentiality 
 12.1 confidential information . 
 12.1.1 the party agree that during the term , and for a period of [ ] ( [ ] ) year thereafter , a party receive confidential information 
 of the other party will ( x ) maintain in confidence such confidential information to the same extent such party maintain its own proprietary information of 
 similar kind and value , and , in any event , no less than a reasonable standard of care , ( y ) not disclose such confidential information to any third party 
 without the prior write consent of the other party , except as otherwise expressly permit below , and ( z ) not use such confidential information for any 
 purpose except those permit by this agreement . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 as use herein , " confidential information " mean all know - how and other information and material receive by either party from the other party or its 
 affiliate pursuant to this agreement . the foregoing obligation and the other obligation set forth in this section 12.1 shall not apply with respect to 
 any portion of such confidential information which : 
 ( a ) be publicly disclose by the disclosing party , either before or after it becomes know to the receive party; 
 ( b ) be know to the receive party or any or its affiliate , without any obligation to keep it confidential , prior to when it be 
 receive from the disclosing party; 
 ( c ) be subsequently disclose to the receive party or any of its affiliate by a third party that be lawfully in possession thereof 
 without obligation to keep it confidential; 
 ( d ) have be publish by a third party or otherwise enter the public domain through no fault of the receive party or any of its 
 affiliate in breach of this agreement; or 
 ( e ) have be independently develop or acquire by the receive party or any of its affiliate without the aid , application or use of 
 the disclosing party ’s confidential information . 
 12.1.2 the receive party shall have the right to disclose any confidential information provide by the other party hereunder if , in the 
 reasonable opinion of the receive party ’s legal counsel , such disclosure be necessary to comply with the term and condition of this agreement , or the 
 requirement of any law or rule impose by the u.s . securities and exchange commission or any security exchange or other applicable law , but only to 
 the extent of such necessity or requirements; and no such disclosure shall cause any such information to cease to be confidential information hereunder , 
 except to the extent such disclosure result in a public disclosure of such information . where reasonably possible , the receive party shall notify the 
 disclosing party of the receive party ’s intent to make such disclosure of confidential information pursuant to the precede sentence sufficiently prior 
 to make such disclosure so as to allow the disclosing party adequate time to take whatever action the disclosing party may deem to be appropriate to 
 protect the confidentiality of the confidential information . 
 12.1.3 except as set forth above , each party agree that it shall provide or permit access to confidential information of the other party only 
 to ( i ) the receive party ’s attorney , independent accountant and financial advisor for the sole purpose of enable such attorney , independent 
 accountant and financial advisor to provide advice to the receive party and ( ii ) the receive party ’s affiliate , director , officer , employee , 
 consultant , advisor , actual or potential acquirer and permit subcontractor , sublicensee and subdistributor , and to the director , officer , 
 employee , consultant , advisor and permit subcontractor , actual or potential acquirer , sublicensee and subdistributor of such affiliate , who 
 have a need to know such confidential information to assist the receive party with the 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 activity contemplate or require of it by this agreement; provide that in each case the person to whom confidential information be be disclose be 
 subject to obligation of confidentiality and non - use with respect to such confidential information substantially similar to the obligation of 
 confidentiality and nonuse of the receive party pursuant to this section 12.1; and provide far , that each party shall remain responsible for any 
 failure by its attorney , independent accountant and financial advisor , affiliate , and its and its affiliate ' respective director , officer , employee , 
 consultant , advisor , actual or potential acquirer and permit subcontractor , sublicensee and subdistributor , to treat such confidential 
 information as require under this section 12.1 . 
 for clarity , either party may disclose without any limitation such party ’s u.s . federal income tax treatment and the u.s . federal income tax structure of the 
 transaction relate to such party that be base on or derive from this agreement , as well as all material of any kind ( include opinion , other tax 
 analysis , or a complete copy of this agreement and any amendment thereto ) relate to such tax treatment or tax structure , except to the extent that 
 nondisclosure of such matter be reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable security law . 
 12.1.4 each party acknowledge that a party in breach of any of its obligation under this section 12.1 shall cause the non - breaching party 
 irreparable harm , for which monetary damage will be an inadequate remedy . therefore , notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement in the 
 event of any such breach , the non - breach party shall be entitle , in addition to any other remedy available to it under this agreement , at law or in 
 equity , to injunctive relief , include an accounting for profit , specific performance of the term hereof and other equitable relief for such breach , without 
 the posting of bond or other security . 
 12.2 publicity . promptly after the effective date , the party shall each issue the applicable press release in the form attach hereto as 
 schedule 12.2 , with respect to this agreement . subject to the foregoing , any press release or other public statement or disclosure regard the 
 subject matter of this agreement shall be subject to the express prior write consent of each of the parties; provide that a disclosure shall be permit 
 without the other party ’s consent to the extent that it do not contain information beyond that include in a prior disclosure approve in writing by both 
 party . notwithstanding the foregoing any disclosure which be require by applicable law or the rule of the u.s . securities and exchange commission 
 or any security exchange , as reasonably advise by the disclosing party ’s counsel , may be make without the prior consent of the other party , although , 
 prior to any such legally require disclosure by a party , such party shall use reasonable effort where practicable to give the other party reasonable 
 notice and an opportunity to comment on the propose disclosure . 
 12.3 security filing . in the event either party propose to file with the u.s . securities and exchange commission or the security 
 regulator of any state or other jurisdiction under the security act of 1933 , as amend , the security exchange act of 1934 , as amend , or any other 
 applicable security law a registration statement or any other disclosure document which describe or refer to this agreement , such party shall notify 
 the other party of such intention and shall provide such other party with a copy of relevant portion of the propose filing not less than [ ] ( [ ] ) 
 business day prior to such filing ( or such short period of time as may be require in the circumstance , and any revision to such 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 portion of the propose file a reasonable time prior to the filing thereof ) , and shall use reasonable effort where practicable to consider such comment 
 to the extent consistent with such party ’s disclosure obligation under applicable security law or rule of a security exchange . 
 12.4 publication . except for disclosure permit under this agreement , if xencor , its affiliate , or its employee(s ) or consultant(s ) wish to 
 make a publication or presentation specific to the product or which otherwise may reasonably contain know - how , or other intellectual property , of 
 aimmune , xencor must receive write approval , not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay , from aimmune at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day 
 prior to submission for publication or presentation . if aimmune , its affiliate , or its employee(s ) or consultant(s ) wish to make a publication specific to 
 the product or which otherwise may reasonably contain xencor technology , aimmune shall deliver to xencor a copy of the propose write publication 
 or an outline of an oral disclosure at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day prior to submission for publication or presentation and reasonably consider any comment 
 of xencor thereon; provide that subject to section 12.1 through 12.3 , to the extent such publication describe or be specific to xencor technology , 
 aimmune must receive write approval , not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay , from xencor prior to submit such publication to 
 any third party . 
 12.5 use of name . except as otherwise set forth in this agreement , neither party shall use the name of the other party in relation to this 
 transaction in any public announcement , press release or other public document without the write consent of such other party , which consent shall not 
 be unreasonably withheld; provide , however , that subject to section 12.3 , either party may use the name of the other party in any document file with 
 any regulatory authority or governmental authority , include the security and exchange commission or the rule of any security exchange . 
 12.6 unauthorized disclosure of confidential information . each party shall have a response plan in place for any disclosure of confidential 
 information that be not authorize or otherwise permit under this agreement . such plan shall include consideration of , among other thing , 
 notification , remediation and retrieval . in the event that a party become aware of an unauthorized disclosure of confidential information , then such party 
 shall notify the other party promptly in writing . 
 12.7 prior cda . as of the effective date , the term of this article 12 shall supersede any prior non - disclosure , secrecy or confidentiality 
 agreement between the party ( or their affiliate ) deal with the subject of this agreement , include the confidentiality agreement between the 
 party date [ ] . any information disclose pursuant to any such prior agreement shall be deem confidential information of the applicable party for 
 purpose of this agreement , to the extent that such information be deem to be " proprietary information " under such prior agreement . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 article 13 
 term and termination 
 13.1 term . this agreement shall become effective on the effective date and , unless early terminate pursuant to this article 13 , shall remain in 
 effect on a product - by - product and country - by - country basis until the expiration of the royalty term applicable to such product and country ( the 
 " term " ) . upon expiration of this agreement with respect to a product in a country , the license grant to aimmune pursuant to this agreement shall 
 continue in full force and effect on a fully - pay basis . 
 13.2 termination for breach . either party may , without prejudice to any other remedy available to it at law or in equity , terminate this agreement 
 upon write notice to the other party in the event that the other party ( the " breach party " ) shall have materially breach or default in the 
 performance of any of its obligation . the breach party shall have sixty ( 60 ) day ( thirty ( 30 ) day in the event of non - payment ) after write notice 
 thereof be provide to the breach party by the non - breach party to remedy such default . unless the breach party have cure any such breach 
 or default prior to the expiration of such sixty ( 60 ) day period ( thirty ( 30 ) day period for non - payment ) , such termination shall become effective upon 
 receipt of the write notice of termination by the breach party to be give within ten ( 10 ) day of the end of such sixty ( 60 ) day period ( thirty ( 30 ) day 
 period for non - payment ) . notwithstanding the foregoing , in the event that aimmune as the breach party have materially breach or default in the 
 performance of any of its payment obligation under this agreement a third time or more in any three ( 3 ) year period , then xencor shall have the right to 
 terminate this agreement immediately by provide write notice aimmune , without aimmune have opportunity to cure such breach or default . 
 13.3 termination as a result of bankruptcy . each party shall have the right to terminate this agreement upon write notice as a result of the 
 filing or institution of bankruptcy , reorganization , liquidation or receivership proceeding , or upon an assignment of a substantial portion of the asset for 
 the benefit of creditor by the other party; provide that such termination shall be effective only if such proceeding be not dismiss within ninety ( 90 ) 
 day after the filing thereof . 
 13.4 termination by aimmune . aimmune may terminate this agreement in its entirety at any time for its convenience upon sixty ( 60 ) day ' prior 
 write notice to xencor . 
 13.5 termination by xencor . without limitation of its right under this article 13 , xencor may also terminate this agreement in its entirety as 
 applicable , pursuant to the provision of section 9.7 . 
 article 14 
 effect of expiration or termination 
 14.1 license . upon the termination of this agreement : 
 14.1.1 all right and license grant to aimmune hereunder shall immediately terminate and be of no further force and effect and aimmune 
 shall cease develop , commercializing , manufacturing and packaging and label such product in and for all applicable countries; provide , that 
 aimmune and its affiliate will be entitle , during the period 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 end on the last day of the [ ] follow the effective date of such termination , to sell any inventory of product affect by such termination that 
 remain on hand as of the effective date of the termination , so long as aimmune pay to xencor all amount payable hereunder ( include milestone ) 
 applicable to say subsequent sale , as applicable , in accordance with the term and condition set forth in this agreement and otherwise comply with 
 the term set forth in this agreement . 
 14.1.2 aimmune hereby grant to xencor an exclusive license under and with respect to aimmune patent , and a non - exclusive license 
 under and with respect to aimmune know - how , in each case , where such license be an irrevocable , perpetual , royalty - bear license , with the right to 
 sublicense , to develop , manufacture and commercialize the product(s ) , as the product(s ) exist as of the effective date of such termination , or optimize 
 version thereof that be product . for clarity , upon the termination of this agreement , as consideration for such license grant under this section 
 14.1.2 , xencor shall [ ] , and xencor shall be responsible for [ ] ; provide far that xencor shall have the right to terminate such license and 
 forgo pay such royalty at its sole discretion upon write notice to aimmune . 
 14.2 assignment . upon the termination of this agreement , aimmune will promptly , in each case within [ ] ( [ ] ) day thereafter : 
 ( a ) assign to xencor , [ ] , all of aimmune ’s right , title and interest in and to any agreement ( or portion thereof ) between aimmune 
 and third party that relate to the development , commercialization or manufacture of the product , where such assignment be permit without charge to 
 aimmune or its affiliate and where xencor shall assume all future payment due under any agreement assign pursuant to this subsection; 
 ( b ) assign to xencor , [ ] , and subject to the execution of a standard trademark license between the party prior to such 
 assignment , all of aimmune ’s right , title and interest in and to any ( i ) promotional material , ( ii ) copyright and trademark ( include the product 
 trademark and product trade dress ) , include any goodwill associate therewith , and any registration and design patent for the foregoing , and ( iii ) 
 any internet domain name registration for such trademark and slogan , all to the extent solely related to the product; provide , however , in the event 
 xencor exercise such right to have assign such promotional material , aimmune shall grant , and hereby do grant , a royalty - free right and license to 
 any housemark , trademark , name and logo of aimmune contain therein for a period of [ ] ( [ ] ) month in order to use such promotional 
 material solely in connection with the commercialization of the product; 
 ( c ) assign to xencor , [ ] , the management and continued performance of any clinical trial for the product ongoing hereunder as 
 of the effective date of such termination in respect of which xencor shall assume full financial responsibility from and after the effective date of such 
 termination; 
 ( d ) transfer to xencor all of aimmune ’s right , title and interest in and to any and all regulatory filing , regulatory approval and 
 other regulatory material for the product; 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 ( e ) transfer to xencor all of aimmune ’s right , title and interest in and to any and all development - relate datum and commercialization 
 datum control by aimmune for the product; and 
 ( f ) provide a copy of ( i ) the material tangible embodiment of the foregoing and ( ii ) any other material book , record , file and 
 document control by aimmune solely to the extent relate to the product and which may be redact to exclude confidential information of 
 aimmune; 
 provide , however , that to the extent that any agreement or other asset describe in this section 14.2 be not assignable by aimmune ( whether because 
 such agreement or asset be explicitly non - assignable or because the third party consent require for such assignment be not obtain ) , then such 
 agreement or other asset will not be assign , and upon the request of xencor , aimmune will take such step as may be reasonably necessary to allow 
 xencor to obtain and to enjoy the benefit of such agreement or other asset . for purpose of clarity , ( 1 ) [ ] and ( 2 ) to the extent xencor request [ ] . 
 14.3 disclosure and delivery . upon the termination of this agreement , aimmune will promptly transfer to xencor copy of any physical 
 embodiment of any aimmune know - how , to the extent then use in connection with the development or commercialization of the product; such transfer 
 shall be effect by the delivery of material document , to the extent such aimmune know - how be embody in such document , and to the extent that 
 aimmune know - how be not fully embody in such document , aimmune shall make its employee and agent who have knowledge of such aimmune 
 know - how in addition to that embody in document available to xencor for interview , demonstration and training to effect such transfer in a manner 
 sufficient to enable xencor to practice such aimmune know - how but only in a manner as set out as follow in this section 14.3 . the aimmune know- 
 how shall be transfer pursuant to the procedure to transfer xencor know - how , regulatory material , and regulatory datum in section 2.7 apply 
 mutatis mutandis . 
 14.4 disposition of commercialization relate material . upon the termination of this agreement , aimmune will promptly deliver to 
 xencor in electronic , sortable form ( a ) a list identify all wholesaler and other distributor involve in the commercialization of the product , will 
 reasonably consider provide customer list ( e.g. , purchaser ) , where permit under applicable law and under applicable agreement with third 
 party , at xencor ’s expense , relate to the commercialization of the product , and ( b ) all promotional material as well as any item bear the product 
 trademark or product trade dress and/or any trademark or housemark otherwise associate with the product or xencor . 
 14.5 accrue right . expiration or termination this agreement for any reason will be without prejudice to any right that will have accrue 
 to the benefit of a party prior to the effective date of such expiration or termination . such expiration or termination will not relieve a party from obligation 
 that be expressly indicate to survive the expiration or termination of this agreement . 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 14.6 survival . notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain herein , the follow provision shall survive any expiration or termination of 
 this agreement : article : article 1 ( to the extent necessary to give effect to the other survive provision ) , article 4 ( solely with respect to 
 remain inventory of product that aimmune continue to sell after the effective date of termination ) , article 7 ( with respect to amount accrue prior 
 to expiration or termination of this agreement ) , article 11 , article 12 ( for the period specify in section 12.1.1 ) , article 14 , article 15 and 
 article 8 ( with respect to amount accrue prior to expiration or termination of this agreement ) and section : 2.2.1 , 2.3 ( with respect to the applicable 
 party be responsible for its affiliate or sublicensee , and the waiver ) , 2.4 , 9.1 , 10.2 ( for [ ] after the effective date of termination or expiration ) , 10.3 
 ( for [ ] after the effective date of termination or expiration ) , 10.4 , and 10.5 . except as set forth in this article 14 or otherwise expressly set forth 
 herein , upon expiration or termination of this agreement all other right and obligation of the party shall cease . 
 14.7 right in bankruptcy . all right and license grant under or pursuant to this agreement by xencor and aimmune be , and shall otherwise 
 be deem to be , for purpose of section 365(n ) of the u.s . bankruptcy code , license of right to " intellectual property " as define under section 101 of 
 the u.s . bankruptcy code . the party agree that each party , as licensee of certain right under this agreement , shall retain and may fully exercise all of 
 its right and election under the u.s . bankruptcy code . the party far agree that , in the event of the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding by 
 or against a party ( such party , the " bankrupt party " ) under the u.s . bankruptcy code , ( a ) the other party shall be entitle to a complete duplicate of ( or 
 complete access to , as appropriate ) any intellectual property license to such other party and all embodiment of such intellectual property , which , if not 
 already in such other party ’s possession , shall be promptly deliver to it ( x ) upon any such commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding upon such other 
 party ’s write request therefore , unless the bankrupt party elect to continue to perform all of its obligation under this agreement or ( y ) if not deliver 
 under clause ( x ) , follow the rejection of this agreement by the bankrupt party upon write request therefore by the other party and ( b ) the bankrupt 
 party shall not unreasonably interfere with the other party ’s right to intellectual property and all embodiment of intellectual property , and shall assist 
 and not unreasonably interfere with the other party in obtain intellectual property and all embodiment of intellectual property from another entity . the 
 " embodiment " of intellectual property include all tangible , intangible , electronic or other embodiment of right and license hereunder , include all 
 compound and product embody intellectual property , product , filing with regulatory authority and relate right and xencor know - how in the 
 case that xencor be the bankrupt party and aimmune know - how in the case aimmune be the bankrupt party . 
 article 15 
 miscellaneous 
 15.1 dispute . the party recognize that , from time to time , dispute , controversy or claim may arise which stem from or be relate to a party ’s 
 respective right or obligation under this agreement or a party ’s actual or allege breach of this agreement ( a " dispute " ) . it be the desire of the party 
 to establish procedure to facilitate the resolution of dispute arise under this agreement in an expedient manner by mutual cooperation and without 
 resort to 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 arbitration or litigation . to accomplish this objective , the party agree to follow the procedure set forth in this section 15.1 if and when a dispute arise 
 under this agreement . if the party be unable to resolve any dispute within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after such dispute be submit to it , either party may , by 
 write notice to the other party , have such dispute refer to designated officer of each party for attempt resolution . in the event the designate 
 officer or their delegate be not able to resolve such dispute within such [ ] ( [ ] ) day period after receipt of write notice , then each party be free 
 to pursue any remedy at law or in equity available to such party consistent with section 15.13 . 
 15.2 entire agreement; amendment . this agreement , together with the schedule and exhibit hereto , contain the entire understanding of the 
 party with respect to the subject matter hereof . any other express or imply agreement and understanding , negotiation , writing and commitment , 
 either oral or write , in respect to the subject matter hereof be supersede by the term of this agreement . the schedule and exhibit to this 
 agreement be incorporate herein by reference and shall be deem a part of this agreement . this agreement may be amend , or any term hereof 
 modify , only by a write instrument duly execute by authorize representative of each of the party . 
 15.3 force majeure . no party shall be liable for any failure to perform , or be consider in breach of , its obligation under this agreement ( other 
 than obligation to make payment of money ) to the extent such performance have be delay , interfere with or prevent by an event of force 
 majeure , and the obligation of such party under this agreement ( other than obligation to make payment of money ) whose performance be affect by 
 force majeure shall be suspend during , but not long than , the continuance of the event of force majeure . any party that experience an event of 
 force majeure shall provide prompt notice of such event to the other party , include and an estimate of the likely period of time during which its 
 performance will be affect , and shall use reasonable effort to remove the condition constitute force majeure . in the event of a prolonged condition 
 of force majeure that make it unreasonable to continue to perform other activity then be perform by the party and their affiliate pursuant to 
 this agreement , the party shall consult directly as to whether they should appropriately scale back their respective activity in order to avoid waste or 
 inappropriate usage of resource under the circumstance . 
 15.4 notice . any notice require or permit to be give under this agreement shall be in writing , shall specifically refer to this agreement and 
 shall be deem to have be sufficiently give for all purpose if; mail by first class certify or register mail , postage prepay ( which notice shall be 
 effective [ ] ( [ ] ) business day [ ] ) ; express delivery service ( which notice shall be effective on the first business day after delivery to such 
 service); or personally deliver to the appropriate address ( which notice shall be effective upon delivery to such address ) set forth below or to such 
 other address or number for a party as such party may inform the other party by give [ ] ( [ ] ) business day ' prior write notice : 
 if to xencor : 
 xencor , inc . 
 111 west lemon avenue 
 monrovia , can 91016 
 attention : general counsel 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 with copy to ( which shall not constitute notice ): 
 xencor , inc . 
 111 west lemon avenue 
 monrovia , can 91016 
 attention : chief executive officer 
 morgan , lewis & bockius llp 
 1 market street , spear street tower 
 san francisco , can 94105 
 attention : benjamin pensak 
 if to aimmune : 
 aimmune therapeutic , inc . 
 8000 marina boulevard 
 suite 300 
 brisbane , can 94005 
 attention : general counsel 
 with copy to ( which shall not constitute notice ): 
 latham & watkins llp 
 140 scott drive 
 menlo park , can 94025 
 attention : patrick pohlen 
 judith hasko 
 15.5 maintenance of record . aimmune shall keep and maintain all record require by applicable law or regulation ( include record for 
 intellectual property protection purpose ) with respect to the antibody and product and shall , upon xencor ’s write request , allow xencor reasonable 
 access to make copy of such record , at xencor ’s expense . aimmune must maintain such record for the great of [ ] ( [ ] ) year or the time period 
 require by applicable law . 
 15.6 assignment . neither party may assign or transfer this agreement or any right or obligation hereunder without the prior write consent of 
 the other party , except that a party may make such an assignment or transfer without the other party ’s write consent to ( a ) any of its affiliate , in whole 
 or in part , or ( b ) any third party in connection with ( i ) the acquisition of such party by or merger or consolidation of such party with another entity or ( ii ) 
 a merger , consolidation , sale of stock , sale of all or substantially all of such party ’s asset or other similar transaction in which such third party either 
 become the owner of all or substantially all of the business and asset of ( y ) such party or ( z ) that portion of such party ’s business or business unit 
 relate to this agreement . any permit successor or assignee of right or obligation hereunder shall , in a writing deliver to the other party , 
 expressly assume the performance of such right or obligation . except as set forth in the immediately precede sentence , in the event of an assignment 
 or transfer as permit above in this section 15.6 , the assigning or transfer party shall remain responsible ( jointly and severally ) with such affiliate 
 for the 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 performance of such assign or transfer obligation . any assignment or transfer , or attempt assignment or transfer , by either party in violation of 
 the term of this section 15.6 shall be null and void and of no legal effect . this agreement shall be bind on , and inure to the benefit of , each party , its 
 successor and permit assign . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , in the event of any permit assignment , the intellectual 
 property right of the acquire party and its affiliate ( if other than one of the party to this agreement ) shall not be include in the technology 
 license to the other party hereunder to the extent hold by such acquirer ( or its affiliate ) prior to such transaction , or to the extent such technology be 
 develop outside the scope of activity conduct with respect to the antibody or product , unless the acquire party practice such intellectual 
 property right of the acquirer in connection with its performance of activity pursuant to this agreement . 
 15.7 offset right . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , neither party may , at any time or for any reason , offset any 
 payment due to the other party or its affiliate under this agreement . 
 15.8 severability . if any one ( 1 ) or more of the provision of this agreement be hold to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent 
 jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or be take , such provision shall be consider sever from this agreement and shall not serve to invalidate 
 any remain provision hereof . the party shall make a good faith effort to replace any invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable 
 one such that the objective contemplate by the party when enter this agreement may be realize . 
 15.9 cumulative remedy . no remedy refer to in this agreement be intend to be exclusive , but each shall be cumulative and in addition to 
 any other remedy refer to in this agreement or otherwise available under applicable law . 
 15.10 ambiguities; no presumption . each of the party acknowledge and agree that this agreement have be diligently review by and 
 negotiate by and between they , that in such negotiation each of they have be represent by competent counsel and that the final agreement 
 contain herein , include the language whereby it have be express , represent the joint effort of the party hereto and their counsel . accordingly , 
 in interpret this agreement or any provision hereof , no presumption shall apply against any party hereto as be responsible for the wording or 
 drafting of this agreement or any such provision , and ambiguity , if any , in this agreement shall not be construe against any party , irrespective of 
 which party may be deem to have author the ambiguous provision . 
 15.11 heading . the heading for each article and section in this agreement have be insert for convenience of reference only and be not 
 intend to limit or expand on the meaning of the language contain in the particular article or section . 
 15.12 interpretation . except where the context expressly require otherwise , ( a ) the use of any gender herein shall be deem to encompass 
 reference to either or both gender , and the use of the singular shall be deem to include the plural ( and vice versa ) , ( b ) the word " include " , 
 " include " and " include " shall be deem to be follow by the phrase " without limitation " , ( c ) the word " will " shall be construe to have the same 
 meaning and effect as the 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 word " shall " , ( d ) any definition of or reference to any agreement , instrument or other document herein shall be construe as refer to such agreement , 
 instrument or other document as from time to time amend , supplement or otherwise modify ( subject to any restriction on such amendment , 
 supplement or modification set forth herein ) , ( e ) any reference herein to any person shall be construe to include the person ’s successor and assign , 
 ( f ) the word " herein " , " hereof " and " hereunder " , and word of similar import , shall be construe to refer to this agreement in its entirety and not to any 
 particular provision hereof , ( g ) all reference herein to article , section , exhibit or schedule shall be construe to refer to article , section , exhibit 
 or schedule of this agreement , and reference to this agreement include all exhibit and schedule hereto , ( h ) the word " notice " mean notice in writing 
 ( whether or not specifically state ) and shall include notice , consent , approval and other write communication contemplate under this agreement , 
 ( i ) provision that require that a party or the party hereunder to " agree " , " consent " or " approve " or the like shall require that such agreement , consent 
 or approval be specific and in writing , whether by write agreement , letter , approve minute or otherwise ( but exclude instant messaging ) , ( j ) 
 reference to any specific law , rule or regulation , or article , section or other division thereof , shall be deem to include the then - current amendment 
 thereto or any replacement or successor law , rule or regulation thereof , and ( k ) the term " or " shall be interpret in the inclusive sense commonly 
 associate with the term " and/or . " 
 15.13 govern law and equitable relief . 
 15.13.1 govern law . this agreement shall be govern by and construe in accordance with the internal law of the state of california 
 applicable to agreement make and to be perform entirely within such state , without regard to the conflict of law principle of such state; provide 
 that any matter relate to the construction or effect of any patent will be govern by the patent law of the relevant jurisdiction in which such patent be 
 grant . this agreement be prepare in the english language , which language shall govern the interpretation of , and any dispute regard , the term 
 of this agreement . 
 15.13.2 equitable relief . notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary , each party shall have the right to seek injunctive or 
 other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction that may be necessary to avoid irreparable harm or to maintain the status quo . 
 15.13.3 jurisdiction . each party ( a ) irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any united states district court in california ( the 
 " court " ) , for purpose of any action , suit or other proceeding arise out of this agreement , ( b ) agree not to raise any objection at any time to the 
 lay or maintaining of the venue of any such action , suit or proceed in any of such court , and ( c ) irrevocably waive any claim that such action , suit 
 or other proceeding have be bring in an inconvenient forum and far irrevocably waive the right to object , with respect to such action , suit or 
 other proceeding , that such court do not have any jurisdiction over such party . each party far agree that service or any process , summon , notice 
 or document by u.s . register mail to such party ’s notice address provide for in this agreement shall be effective service of process for any action , suit 
 or proceed in california with respect to any matter to which it have submit to jurisdiction in this section 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 15.13.3 . notwithstanding the forgoing , nothing contain in this agreement will deny any party the right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable relief 
 from a court of competent jurisdiction apply the law of the court in the context of a bona fide emergency or prospective irreparable harm , and such an 
 action may be file and maintain notwithstanding any other ongoing proceeding . 
 15.13.4 no waiver . any delay in enforce a party ’s right under this agreement or any waiver as to a particular default or other matter 
 shall not constitute a waiver of such party ’s right to the future enforcement of its right under this agreement , except with respect to an express write 
 and sign waiver relate to a particular matter for a particular period of time . 
 15.14 no third party beneficiary . no person or entity other than aimmune , xencor and their respective affiliate , successor and permit 
 assignee hereunder , shall be deem an intended beneficiary hereunder or have any right to enforce any obligation of this agreement . 
 15.15 independent contractor . it be expressly agree that aimmune and xencor shall be independent contractor and that the relationship 
 between aimmune and xencor shall not constitute a partnership , joint venture or agency . neither aimmune nor xencor shall have the authority to make 
 any statement , representation , or commitment of any kind , or to take any action , which shall be bind on the other party , without the prior write 
 consent of such other party . 
 15.16 counterparts; facsimile signature . this agreement may be execute in three ( 3 ) or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an 
 original , but all of which together shall constitute one ( 1 ) and the same instrument . this agreement may be execute by delivery of electronically scan 
 copy of original signature deliver by facsimile or electronic mail , and such signature shall be deem to bind each party as if they be original 
 signature . 
 [ no further text on this page ] 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 in witness whereof , the party have execute this agreement by their duly authorize representative as of the date first write above . 
 aimmune therapeutic , inc . 
 xencor , inc . 
 by : 
 /s/ jayson dallas , m.d 
 by : 
 /s/ bassil dahiyat , ph.d . 
 name : 
 jayson dallas , m.d 
 name : 
 bassil dahiyat , ph.d . 
 title : 
 president & ceo 
 title : 
 president & ceo 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 schedule 1.10 
 antibody 
 omit pursuant to regulation s - k , item 601(a)(5 ) 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 schedule 1.79 
 xencor general patent 
 omit pursuant to regulation s - k , item 601(a)(5 ) 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 schedule 1.81 
 xencor product specific patent 
 omit pursuant to regulation s - k , item 601(a)(5 ) 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 schedule 2.7 
 xencor know - how , regulatory material , and regulatory datum 
 omit pursuant to regulation s - k , item 601(a)(5 ) 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 schedule 6.1 
 initial product supply 
 omit pursuant to regulation s - k , item 601(a)(5 ) 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 schedule 10.2.6 
 exception 
 omit pursuant to regulation s - k , item 601(a)(5 ) 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 schedule 12.2 
 initial press release 

 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 distribution on wednesday , 2/5 8:01 be et 
 for immediate release 
 aimmune license exclusive worldwide right to xencor ’s xmab ® 7195 for the 
 development of next - generation food allergy treatment 
 brisbane , calif . – february 5 , 2020 – aimmune therapeutic , inc . ( nasdaq : aimt ) , a biopharmaceutical company develop treatment for 
 potentially life - threaten food allergy , today announce it have obtain an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize the 
 investigational humanize monoclonal antibody xmab ® 7195 from xencor , inc . 
 xmab7195 , which have be rename aimab7195 , be originally develop by xencor for the treatment of allergic asthma . it use three distinct 
 mechanism of action to reduce blood serum ige and suppress ige - produce cell . aimmune initially plan to develop aimab7195 as an adjunctive 
 treatment with select characterized oral desensitize immunotherapy ( codit ™ ) program , include palforzia ™ , to explore treatment outcome in 
 patient with food allergy . 
 " as we look to the future of food allergy treatment , we be excited to explore the potential of oral immunotherapy to achieve great level of 
 desensitization – and perhaps even remission – when combine with adjunctive biologic that target immune pathway , " say jayson dallas , m.d . , 
 president and ceo of aimmune . " in - licensing aimab7195 demonstrate our commitment to enrich our pipeline and strengthen aimmune ’s global 
 leadership in the evolve therapeutic landscape of food allergy treatment . " 
 " aimmune ’s focus , clinical success and regulatory expertise in food allergy demonstrate their capability to advance aimab7195 with highly 
 complementary codit pipeline program to create new option for people live with food allergy , " say bassil dahiyat , ph.d . , president and ceo of 
 xencor . " aimab7195 be design to reduce level of ige , a key mediator of allergic response , and there be strong scientific rationale that this reduction 
 would synergize with the activity of desensitization therapy . " 
 under the term of the agreement , aimmune will make an upfront payment to xencor of 5 million in cash and 5 million in equity , equivalent to 156,238 
 newly issue share of aimmune common stock at 32.0025 / share . xencor also be eligible to receive up to 385 million base on the achievement of 
 certain clinical development , regulatory and commercialization milestone — begin with the initiation of a phase 2 clinical trial — and be eligible to 
 receive a high single - digit to mid - teen percentage of royalty upon commercialization of aimab7195 . aimmune will be solely responsible for cost relate 
 to the development of aimab7195 and plan to provide a development plan in the come month . 
 about aimab7195 ( formerly xmab ® 7195 ) 
 aimab7195 be an anti - ige monoclonal antibody with enhanced bind to the fc gamma receptor iib ( fcyriib ) . ige recognize and interact with 
 allergen and , as a result , can activate immune cell , such as mast cell and basophil , that drive an allergic response 
 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 in patient . aimab7195 be design to clear ige rapidly from circulation , to prevent the production of ige by prevent the activation of ige - positive b 
 cell , and to block ige from interact with its receptor on immune cell . aimab7195 have be evaluate in two phase 1 study that enrol more than 
 100 healthy volunteer and patient with allergy and atopic disease . 
 about aimmune 
 aimmune therapeutic , inc . be a biopharmaceutical company that aspire to become the global leader in develop curative therapy and solution for 
 patient with food allergy . with a mission to improve the life of people with food allergy , aimmune be develop and commercialize oral treatment 
 for potentially life - threaten food allergy . the company ’s characterize oral desensitization immunotherapy ( codit ™ ) approach be intend to 
 provide meaningful level of protection against allergic reaction result from accidental exposure to food allergens by desensitize patient with 
 define , precise amount of key allergen . aimmune have one fda - approve medicine for peanut allergy and other investigational therapy in 
 development to treat other food allergy . for more information , please visit www.aimmune.com . 
 forward - look statement 
 statement contain in this press release regard matter that be not historical fact be " forward - look statement " within the meaning of the 
 private security litigation reform act of 1995 . because such statement be subject to risk and uncertainty , actual result may differ materially from 
 those express or imply by such forward - look statement . such statement include , but be not limit to , statement regard : aimmune ’s 
 expectation regard the potential benefit of aimab7195; and aimmune ’s expectation regard potential application of the codit ™ approach to 
 treat life - threaten food allergy . risk and uncertainty that contribute to the uncertain nature of the forward - look statement include : the 
 expectation that aimmune will need additional fund to finance its operations; aimmune ’s dependence on the success of palforzia; aimmune ’s 
 reliance on third party for the manufacture of aimab7195 , palforzia and other product candidates; possible regulatory development in the united 
 state and foreign countries; and aimmune ’s ability to attract and retain senior management personnel . these and other risk and uncertainty be 
 describe more fully in aimmune ’s most recent filing with the security and exchange commission , include its quarterly report on form 10 - q for the 
 quarter end september 30 , 2019 . all forward - look statement contain in this press release speak only as of the date on which they be make . 
 aimmune undertake no obligation to update such statement to reflect event that occur or circumstance that exist after the date on which they be 
 make . 
 this press release concern palforzia ( ar101 ) , which have be approve for marketing by the fda in the united states and have not be approve 
 for marketing by the ema or swissmedic . ar101 in europe be currently limit to investigational use , and no representation be make as to its safety or 
 effectiveness for the purpose for which it be be investigate . 
 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 aimab7195 tm , palforzia ™ , aimmune ™ , aimmune therapeutic ™ and codit ™ be trademark of aimmune therapeutic , inc 
 xencor ® and xmab ® be register trademark of xencor , inc . 

 contact : 
 investor : 
 dede sheel 
 ( 917 ) 834 - 1494 
 dsheelaimmune.com 
 medium : 
 julie normart 
 ( 559 ) 974 - 3245 
 jnormartw2ogroup.com 
 lauren barbiero 
 ( 646 ) 564 - 2156 
 lbarbierow2ogroup.com 
 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 aimmune license exclusive worldwide right to xencor ’s xmab ® 7195 for the development of 
 next - generation food allergy treatment 
 monrovia , calif . – february 5 , 2020 – xencor , inc . ( nasdaq : xncr ) , a clinical - stage biopharmaceutical company develop engineer monoclonal 
 antibodie for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune disease , announce it have grant an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize 
 the investigational humanize monoclonal antibody xmab ® 7195 to aimmune therapeutic , inc . 
 xmab7195 , which have be rename aimab7195 , be originally develop by xencor for the treatment of allergic asthma . it use three distinct 
 mechanism of action to reduce blood serum ige and suppress ige - produce cell . aimmune initially plan to develop aimab7195 as an adjunctive 
 treatment with select characterized oral desensitize immunotherapy ( codit ™ ) program , include palforzia ™ , to explore treatment outcome in 
 patient with food allergy . 
 " as we look to the future of food allergy treatment , we be excited to explore the potential of oral immunotherapy to achieve great level of 
 desensitization – and perhaps even remission – when combine with adjunctive biologic that target immune pathway , " say jayson dallas , m.d . , 
 president and ceo of aimmune . " in - licensing aimab7195 demonstrate our commitment to enrich our pipeline and strengthen aimmune ’s global 
 leadership in the evolve therapeutic landscape of food allergy treatment . " 
 " aimmune ’s focus , clinical success and regulatory expertise in food allergy demonstrate their capability to advance aimab7195 with highly 
 complementary codit pipeline program to create new option for people live with food allergy , " say bassil dahiyat , ph.d . , president and ceo of 
 xencor . " aimab7195 be design to reduce level of ige , a key mediator of allergic response , and there be strong scientific rationale that this reduction 
 would synergize with the activity of desensitization therapy . " 
 under the term of the agreement , aimmune will make an upfront payment to xencor of 5 million in cash and 5 million in equity , equivalent to 156,238 
 newly issue share of aimmune common stock at 32.0025 / share , the seven - day volume weight average price . xencor also be eligible to receive up to 
 385 million base on the achievement of certain clinical development , regulatory and commercialization milestone – begin with the initiation of a 
 phase 2 clinical trial – and be eligible to receive a high single - digit to mid - teen percentage of royalty upon commercialization of aimab7195 . aimmune 
 will be solely responsible for cost relate to the development of aimab7195 and plan to provide a development plan in the come month . 
 about aimab7195 ( formerly xmab ® 7195 ) 
 aimab7195 be an anti - ige monoclonal antibody with enhanced bind to the fc gamma receptor iib ( fcyriib ) . ige recognize and interact with 
 allergen and , as a result , can activate immune cell , such as mast cell and basophil , that drive an allergic response in patient . aimab7195 be design 
 to clear ige rapidly from circulation , to prevent the production of ige by prevent the activation of ige - positive b cell , and to block ige from 
 interact with its receptor on immune cell . aimab7195 have be evaluate in two phase 1 study that enrol more than 100 healthy volunteer and 
 patient with allergy and atopic disease . 
 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020 
 about xencor , inc . 
 xencor be a clinical - stage biopharmaceutical company develop engineer monoclonal antibodie for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune 
 disease . currently , 15 candidate engineer with xencor ’s xmab ® technology be in clinical development internally and with partner . xencor ’s xmab 
 antibody engineering technology enable small change to the structure of monoclonal antibody result in new mechanism of therapeutic action . for 
 more information , please visit www.xencor.com . 
 forward - look statement 
 statement contain in this press release regard matter that be not historical fact be forward - look statement within the meaning of applicable 
 security law , include , but not limit to , the quotation from the chief executive officer of xencor and aimmune and any expectation relate to the 
 potential benefit of aimab7195; its clinical development , synergy with codit ™ program and efficacy; regulatory approval; or commercialization . 
 such statement involve known and unknown risk , uncertainty and other factor that may cause actual result , performance or achievement and the 
 timing of event to be materially different from those imply by such statement , and therefore these statement should not be read as guarantee of 
 future performance or result . such risk include , without limitation , the risk associate with the process of discover , develop , manufacturing and 
 commercialize drug that be safe and effective for use as human therapeutic and other risk describe in xencor ’s public security filing . for a 
 discussion of these and other factor , please refer to xencor ’s annual report on form 10 - k for the year end december 31 , 2018 as well as xencor ’s 
 subsequent filing with the security and exchange commission . all forward - look statement be base on xencor ’s current information and belief as 
 well as assumption make by xencor . you be caution not to place undue reliance on these forward - look statement , which speak only as of the 
 date hereof . this caution be make under the safe harbor provision of the private security litigation reform act of 1995 . all forward - look statement 
 be qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and xencor undertake no obligation to revise or update this press release to reflect event or 
 circumstance after the date hereof , except as require by law . 
 aimab7195 ™ , palforzia ™ , aimmune ™ , aimmune therapeutic ™ and codit ™ be trademark of aimmune therapeutic , inc 
 xencor ® and xmab ® be register trademark of xencor , inc . 
 contact 
 charle lile 
 626 - 737 - 8118 
 clilesxencor.com 
 medium contact 
 jason i. spark 
 canale communication 
 619 - 849 - 6005 
 jasoncanalecomm.com 
 source : aimmune therapeutic , inc . , 8 - k , 2/5/2020