exhibit 6.1 
 distributor agreement 
 this distributor agreement ( this " agreement " ) be make and effective as of1 august 2019 , by and between , b & c general warehouse 
 corporation llc , a usa limited liability company ( llc ) , with an address locate at 7405 sw 11th ct , north lauderdale , fl , 33068 , usa , 
 ( " company " ) , and xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ( " distributor " ) . 
 company import the product from brazil farm origin ( arte café - prescafe torrefação e comercio de cafe , a brazil company , with an address 
 locate at 1 fazenda sao gabriel , guaxupé , cep 37800 - 000 , mina gerais , brazil ) , and sell the product list in section 1.c below ( the " product " ) . 
 distributor desire to purchase the product from company for resale in the territory or geographic area as define in section 1.b ( the 
 " territory " ) . company desire to appoint distributor as its exclusive distributor of the product to all client that distributor introduce , and upon 
 confirm the first order , this client come to be exclusive of distributor , every new customer introduce by distributor , must be approve by the 
 company prior to any sale . after official approval from the company , the customer introduce by distributor , will appear on an official list in this 
 contract , and will only be meet by the distributor and will follow the rule of this agreement . 
 distributor desire such appointment subject to the term and condition set forth in this agreement , include any exhibit or schedule attach 
 hereto . 
 now , therefore , in consideration of the foregoing , and of the mutual benefit contain herein , the party , intend to be legally bind , agree as 
 follow : 
 agreement of the party 
 1 . appointment , acceptance & scope . 
 ( a ) exclusive appointment . subject to the term and condition of this distributor agreement , company hereby appoint and grant distributor the 
 exclusive right to sell and distribute the product to customer that distributor introduce and confirm by company , ( in all territory of united state 
 of america ( usa ) and to render other service as a distributor for company as set forth herein . distributor shall limit its activity with respect to 
 the product to customer locate within the territory and refrain from sell or otherwise transfer , directly or indirectly , the product to any 
 person outside the territory , without the express write consent of company . company shall not sell or otherwise supply , directly or indirectly , the 
 product to any distributor ’s customer ’s , except by sale through the distributor . the company shall not contact any of distributor ’s customer ’s 
 for any reason , without the prior write approval of distributor . 
 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( b ) territory . the right grant distributor hereunder be grant for the follow geographical area and market . usa . 
 ( c ) product . the product manufacture and sell by company to distributor for distribution hereunder be as follow : 
 ● 
 arte café especial 
 ● 
 arte café gourmet 
 ● 
 arte café laurina 
 ● 
 arte café organico 
 ● 
 and all another new brand and or kind of coffee . 
 ( d ) subagent . distributor may appoint , with prior approval of the company , sub - agent , sub - distributor , sub - representative or other person to 
 act on distributor ’s behalf or to otherwise perform any of distributor ’s obligation under this agreement within the territory; provide that ( i ) any 
 compensation to such sub - agent , sub - distributor , sub - representative or other person to act on distributor ’s behalf or to otherwise perform any of 
 distributor ’s obligation shall be solely distributor ’s responsibility , and ( ii ) such appointment do not deprive company of the essential right to 
 which it be entitle under this agreement . any agreement with such sub - agent , sub - distributor , sub - representative or other person shall not extend 
 beyond the term of this agreement . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( e ) relationship of party . distributor be an independent contractor and be not and shall not be deem to be an employee , legal representative , 
 dealer , general agent , joint venture or partner of company for any purpose . distributor acknowledge that company have not grant it any 
 authority to make change to company ’s term and condition of sale , grant any warranty in excess of those extend by company or limit its 
 liability or remedy less than company limit its liability and remedy , sign quotation , incur obligation ( express or imply ) , or in general 
 enter into contract on behalf of company or bind company in any transaction with customer , governmental agency or third party . 
 2 . order , price , term of sale & payment . 
 ( a ) communication pursuant to this distributor agreement and order . order shall be make with company . company understand that its 
 timely acceptance of order from distributor hereunder be an important element of this agreement . company shall have seven ( 7 ) business day 
 after its receipt to accept ( or reject for a legitimate business reason ) any order submit by distributor . all the negotiation between company and 
 distributor will be by incoterm ex - work , in origin farm , in brazil . so will must be respect the transite time to destiny delivery . should 
 company fail to timely accept or reject an order from distributor in accordance with this section , such order shall be deem accept and shall 
 become bind on company . all order shall be fulfil by company within seven ( 7 ) business day of order acceptance . 
 ( b ) price and shipment . company agree to sell , and distributor agree to purchase , the product in accordance with the price and volume 
 discount price set forth in schedule a. such price and volume discount price shall only be subject to increase once per year on each 
 anniversary date of this agreement , provide ( i ) company provide distributor with at least ninety ( 90 ) day prior write notice of any such 
 increase , and ( ii ) such increase do not exceed 5 of the precede year ’s price , except for reason of force majeure , ( chapter 10 ) , and volume 
 discount price nor the low price charge to other for the same product . any such change shall not apply for any order(s ) accept prior to the 
 effective date of the increase . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( c ) company shall package the product for shipment in accordance with distributor ’s instruction . all shipment of product for customer in 
 the territory , and any freight and shipping cost relate thereto , will be distributor ’s responsibility . all shipment will be prepare and ship 
 from company ’s facility . distributor will promptly inspect the product upon receipt at distributor ’s facility to determine whether any product 
 include in the shipment be in short supply , defective , or otherwise not in conformance with this agreement . within seven ( 7 ) day of receipt of 
 such product , distributor will notify company of any shortage , defect , non - conformance , and company will promptly replace such product 
 free of charge . title to the product shall pass to distributor upon delivery . 
 ( d ) term of sale . all sale by company shall be in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement . 
 ( e ) payment . upon customer ’s acceptance of any order , distributor shall submit to customer via wire transfer at least twenty - five percent ( 25 ) of 
 the total order price . distributor shall submit to customer via wire transfer the remain balance upon receipt packing list and bill of landing 
 document , from origin in brazil farm . 
 ( f ) resale of the product . distributor shall be free to resell the product for such price and upon such term and condition as distributor may 
 see fit in its sole discretion . company shall have no control over or any liability in connection with the price at which distributor resell the 
 product , and distributor shall hold company harmless and indemnify and defend company from and against any liability result therefrom . 
 3 . representation . 
 the distributor and company , as applicable , make the following representation , warranty and covenant : 
 ( a ) distributor be a company duly organize , validly exist and in good standing in the united states of america ( usa ) , be qualified to do 
 business and in good standing in each jurisdiction locate within the territory and be and will remain in compliance with all applicable law and 
 regulation in the conduct of its business and , specifically , in its sale of the product and provision of any service hereunder . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( b ) company be a corporation , duly organize , validly exist and in good standing in the state of florida , and be and will remain in compliance with 
 all applicable law and regulation in the conduct of its business and , specifically , in its sale of the product . 
 ( c ) company warrant and represent that the product will be free from defect in design , material and workmanship and conform with any 
 specification provide . 
 ( d ) company have all right , power , and authority to enter into this agreement . 
 ( e ) company ’s execution of this distributor agreement , and company ’s performance of its obligation and duty hereunder , do not and will not 
 violate any agreement to which company be a party or by which it be otherwise bind , and 
 ( f ) neither party be subject to any pending or threatened litigation or governmental action that could interfere with its performance of this 
 agreement . 
 ( g ) this agreement be the bind legal obligation of each party and be enforceable in accordance with its term . 
 4 . responsibility of distributor . 
 distributor agree that it will diligently perform the service and obligation detail in this agreement . the operation of distributor be under its 
 sole and exclusive control , include without limitation supervision of , and liability for expense incur with respect to , employee . the 
 distributor will use good reasonable effort to distribute the product in the territory . 
 5 . responsibility of company . 
 in addition to any other responsibility state in this agreement , company will : 
 ( a ) provide , at distributor ’s reasonable request and without charge , up to 10 hour of training with regard to any characteristic of the product 
 that distributor deem reasonably necessary for distributor and its employee and agent to fulfill the purpose of distributor ’s appointment , 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( b ) provide to distributor , without charge , reasonable quantity of promotional literature , brochure and commercial and technical information 
 regard the products; 
 ( c ) provide sale support and technical training to distributor and its personnel as deem reasonably appropriate by company . 
 6 . confidential & proprietary information . 
 ( a ) as use herein , the term " proprietary information " mean any information , technical datum , or know - how ( include , but not limit to , 
 information relate to product , software , service , development , invention , process , technique , customer , pricing , internal procedure , 
 business and marketing plan or strategy , finance , employee and business opportunity ) disclose by one party ( the " disclose party " ) to the 
 other ( the " recipient party " ) either directly or indirectly in any form whatsoever , include , but not limit to , in writing , in machine readable or 
 other tangible form , orally or visually . 
 ( b ) unless otherwise expressly authorize by the disclosing party , the recipient party agree that it and any of its personnel receive proprietary 
 information under this agreement shall treat such proprietary information in strict confidence with the same degree of care apply to its own 
 proprietary information of like importance , which it do not wish to disclose , publish , or disseminate to third party . 
 ( c ) in no event will the recipient party divulge , in whole or in part , such information to any third party without the prior write consent of the 
 disclosing party; provide , far , that any third party must also agree in write to restriction comparable to those provide in this section 6 . 
 the recipient party may disclose the proprietary information to the extent require by a valid order by a court or other governmental body or by 
 applicable law; provide , however , that the recipient party will use all reasonable effort to notify disclose party of the obligation to make such 
 disclosure in advance of the disclosure so that disclose party will have a reasonable opportunity to object to such disclosure . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( d ) notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement , each party acknowledge that proprietary information shall not include any 
 information that : ( i ) be already know to the recipient party at the time of disclosure , or becomes publicly know through no wrongful act of the 
 recipient party ’s part; ( ii ) be rightfully receive by the recipient party from a third party without breach of this agreement; ( iii ) be independently 
 develop by the recipient party without benefit of information receive under this agreement; ( iv ) be furnish to a third party by the disclosing 
 party without a restriction on the third party ’s right to disclose it; or ( v ) be explicitly approve for release by write authorization by the disclosing 
 party . 
 ( e ) it be understand that all proprietary information disclose under this agreement , be , and shall remain , the property of the disclosing party . upon 
 completion of this agreement , or upon write notice from the disclosing party , the recipient party agree to return all proprietary information in its 
 possession . 
 ( f ) the recipient party acknowledge that the disclosing party , because of the unique nature of the proprietary information , would suffer 
 irreparable harm in the event that the recipient party breach its obligation under this agreement and that monetary damage would be 
 inadequate to compensate the disclosing party for such a breach . the party agree that , in such a circumstance , the disclosing party shall be 
 entitle , in addition to such monetary relief as may be applicable , to injunctive relief as may be necessary to restrain any continue or further 
 breach by the recipient party , without show or prove any actual damage sustain by the disclosing party . 
 ( g ) the obligation of the recipient party under this section 6 shall survive termination or nonrenewal of this agreement for a period of thee ( 3 ) 
 year . for the avoidance of doubt , the customer and sub - distributor list of distributor shall be deem to constitute proprietary information under 
 this agreement . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 7 . duration & termination . 
 ( a ) effective date and duration . this agreement shall become effective on the date first write above and shall continue in effect for a period of 
 three ( 3 ) year . 
 ( b ) distributor option to renew . distributor shall have the option to renew this agreement for an additional three ( 3 ) year period by provide 
 prior write notice to company within ninety ( 90 ) day of the end of the initial period of this agreement . 
 ( c ) termination . either party may terminate this agreement prior to its expiration upon the occurrence of either of the following : ( i ) the other party 
 become insolvent , or institutes ( or there be institute against it ) proceeding in bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization or dissolution , make an 
 assignment for the benefit of creditor or becomes nationalize or have any of its material asset confiscate or expropriated; or ( ii ) the other party 
 ( in this case , the " breach party " ) fail to perform any of its obligation hereunder and fail to correct such failure within ninety ( 90 ) calendar 
 day after receive write demand therefore from the non - breaching party , specify the failure in sufficient detail for the breach party to 
 correct such failure; provide , however , that upon a second breach of the same obligation by such party , the other party may forthwith terminate 
 this agreement upon notice to the breach party . 
 8 . right of party at termination . 
 ( a ) obligation after termination . in the event that this agreement be terminate or expire on its own term , company shall have no further 
 responsibility to distributor except that in the event the agreement terminate for any reason other than a breach hereof by distributor , company 
 shall be obligate to process order accept by company prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration or within ninety ( 90 ) day 
 thereafter . 
 ( b ) survival . notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein , no termination of this agreement shall relieve any party from any 
 obligation hereunder which be outstanding on , or relate to matter or claim occur or arise prior to , the date of such termination or which 
 survive such termination by their own term or nature . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 9 . indemnification & limitation of liability . 
 ( a ) indemnification . each party ( " indemnify party " ) shall indemnify , hold harmless and defend the other party ( " indemnify party " ) and its 
 officer , director , agent , employee , and affiliate , from and against any and all claim , demand , action , cost , expense , liability , judgment , 
 cause of action , proceeding , suit , loss and damage of any nature , which be threaten or bring against , or be suffer or incur by , the 
 indemnified party or any such person to the extent cause directly by act or omission of the indemnify party relate to this agreement , 
 include without limitation ( i ) any negligent or tortious conduct , ( ii ) any breach of any of the representation , warranty , covenant or condition 
 of the indemnify party contain in this agreement , ( iii ) any violation of applicable law or regulation , ( iv ) infringement or violation of any 
 patent , copyright , trade secret , or other proprietary interest of any third party , and ( v ) any breach of any express or imply warranty relate to the 
 product , include imply warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose . 
 ( b ) limitation of liability.in no event shall either party be liable to the other for any special , indirect , exemplary or 
 consequential damage arise out of this agreement or purchase or use of the product . 
 10 . force majeure . 
 neither party shall be hold liable for any failure to perform that be due to any cause or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of such party , 
 include without limitation a demand for such product and other product manufacture by company which exceed company ’s ability to supply 
 they , earthquake , fire , accident , flood , storm , other act of god , riot , war , rebellion , strike , lockout or other labor disturbance , national or 
 international emergency , failure to secure material or equipment from usual source of supply , failure of carrier to furnish transportation , 
 government rule , regulation , act , order , world financial crisis , restriction or requirement or any other cause or circumstance beyond the 
 reasonable control of such party . no such inability to deliver or delay in delivery shall invalidate the remainder of this agreement . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 11 . trademark . 
 distributor shall not dispute or contest for any reason whatsoever , directly or indirectly , during the term of this agreement and thereafter , the 
 validity , ownership or enforceability of any of the trademark of company , nor directly or indirectly attempt to acquire or damage the value of the 
 goodwill associate with any of the trademark of company , nor counsel , procure or assist any third party to do any of the foregoing . distributor 
 will not institute any proceeding with respect to the trademark of company either in distributor ’s own name or on behalf of company without 
 express write permission of company . distributor shall assign to company , without charge , any right in the trademark of company that may 
 inure to the benefit of distributor pursuant to this agreement or otherwise . distributor shall execute any document or do any act that may be 
 require to accomplish the intent of this section . 
 12 . general provision . 
 ( a ) amendment . this agreement may be amend only by a writing sign by each of the party , and any such amendment shall be effective only 
 to the extent specifically set forth in such writing . 
 ( b ) governing law . this agreement be a contract under the law of the state of florida and for all purpose shall be govern by and construe in 
 accordance with the substantive law of the state of florida , without regard to its principle of conflict of law provision . 
 ( c ) dispute . the party shall seek to resolve any dispute , controversy or claim arise out of or in connection with this agreement , include 
 without limitation , any dispute regard the enforceability of any provision , through good faith negotiation between they within thirty ( 30 ) day 
 of any notice of dispute be serve or such long period of time as may be mutually agree between the party . if the party be unable to 
 resolve the dispute within this timeframe , and one or both party one or both party desire to pursue the dispute , the complain party must 
 submit the dispute to bind arbitration in accordance with the rule and regulation of the american arbitration association . the party will 
 share equally the cost of arbitrate such dispute . the arbitrator(s ) shall not be empower to award punitive or other damage in excess of 
 compensatory damage , and both party irrevocably waive the right to any such damage . judgment on the award render by the arbitrator(s ) 
 may be enter by any court have jurisdiction over the dispute . in the event that the party can not agree upon an arbitrator within a thirty ( 30 ) 
 day period , each party shall designate an arbitrator and those two arbitrator shall choose a third arbitrator , with that third arbitrator serve as the 
 sole arbitrator of the dispute . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( d ) assignment . neither party shall assign , pledge or otherwise transfer any of its right , interest or obligation hereunder , whether by operation of 
 law or otherwise , without the prior express write consent of the other party . 
 ( e ) counterparts; email execution . this agreement may be execute in any number of counterpart , and by each of the party on separate 
 counterpart , each of which , when so execute , shall be deem an original , but all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument . 
 delivery of an execute counterpart of this agreement by email shall be equally as effective as delivery of a manually execute counterpart of this 
 agreement . any party deliver an execute counterpart of this agreement by email shall also deliver a manually execute counterpart of this 
 agreement , but the failure to deliver a manually execute counterpart shall not affect the validity , enforceability or binding effect of this agreement . 
 ( f ) cumulative remedy . the right and remedy of the party hereunder be cumulative and not exclusive of any right or remedy which the 
 party would otherwise have . no single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy by a party , and no discontinuance of step to enforce any 
 such right or remedy , shall preclude any further exercise thereof or of any other right or remedy of such party . 
 ( g ) entire agreement . this agreement contain the entire agreement of the party with respect to the transaction contemplate hereby and 
 supersede all prior write and oral agreement , and all contemporaneous oral agreement , relate to such transaction . 
 ( h ) exhibit and schedules.the exhibit or schedule attach hereto be an integral part hereof and all reference herein to this agreement shall 
 include such exhibit and schedule . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 ( i ) notice . unless otherwise specifically provide herein , all notice , consent , request , demand and other communication require or permit 
 hereunder : ( i ) shall be in writing; ( ii ) ) shall be send by email , certify or register u.s . mail , or reliable express delivery service ( with a copy send by 
 one of the forego mean ) , charge prepay as applicable , to the appropriate address(es ) or number(s ) set forth below; and ( iii ) shall be deem to 
 have be give on the date of receipt by the addressee , as evidence by ( a ) a receipt execute by the addressee ( or a responsible person in his or 
 her office ) , the record of the person deliver such communication or a notice to the effect that such addressee refuse to claim or accept such 
 communication , if send by messenger , u.s . mail or express delivery service , or ( b ) a receipt generate by the sender ’s email show that such 
 communication be send to the appropriate number on a specified date , if send by email . all such communication shall be send to the address for 
 each party as first set forth above , or to such other address or number as any party may inform the other by give seven ( 7 ) day prior notice . 
 ( j ) severability . any provision of this agreement which be prohibit or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall , as to such jurisdiction , be 
 ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidate the remain portion hereof or affect the validity or 
 enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction . 
 ( k ) successor and assign . this agreement shall be bind upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the party and their respective 
 successor and permit assign . 

 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 in witness whereof , this agreement be sign by the party under the hand of their duly authorise officer and make effective as of the 
 date first write above . 
 luiz augusto matavelli bacetti 
 b & c general warehouse corporation llc 
 date : 04th , august , 2019 . 
 xxxxxxxx 
 xxxxxxxx 
 date : 
 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019 
 schedule a 
 price and discount volume price 
 subject to company ’s right to increase the price only once per year per the term and restriction contain in the agreement , and company ’s right 
 to decrease the price at any time upon notice , the product shall be sell by company to distributor at the follow price and volume discount 
 price . price be in us dollar . 
 ● 
 9 ( us ) per kilogram ex - work incoterm . ( brazil farm ) . 
 distributor will be appropriately credit should distributor make payment relate to an order and later determine that it have achieve a great 
 discount per the above . 
 source : gentech holdings , inc . , 1 - a , 8/8/2019