exhibit 10.38 
 in accordance with item 601(b ) of regulation s - k , certain identify information ( the " confidential 
 information " ) have be exclude from this exhibit because it be both ( i ) not material and ( ii ) would likely 
 cause competitive harm if publicly disclose . the confidential information be denote herein by [ ] . 
 cisco systems , inc . 
 nonexclusive value add distributor agreement 
 this nonexclusive value add distributor agreement ( " agreement " ) , between scansource , inc . , a south carolina corporation , with its principal 
 place of business at 6 logue court , greenville , south carolina , 29615 ( " distributor " ) , and cisco systems , inc . , a california corporation with its 
 principal place of business at 170 west tasman drive , san jose , california 95134 - 1706 , ( " cisco " ) be enter into as of the date last write below 
 ( " the effective date " ) . 
 this agreement consist of this signature page and the follow attachment , each of which be incorporate into this agreement by reference : 
 1 . 
 nonexclusive value add distributor agreement term and condition 
 2 . 
 exhibit a : territory 
 3 . 
 exhibit b : value add distributor support exhibit 
 3.1 appendix 1 : cisco problem prioritization and escalation guideline 
 4 . 
 exhibit c : software license agreement 
 5 . 
 exhibit d : distributor freight policy 
 6 . 
 exhibit e : affiliate list 
 7 . 
 exhibit f : software transfer and relicense policy 
 8 . 
 exhibit g : end of life policy 
 this agreement be the complete agreement between the party hereto concern the subject matter of this agreement and replace any prior or 
 contemporaneous oral or write communication between the party . in the event of conflict between the term of this agreement and the term 
 of an exhibit hereto , the term of the exhibit shall govern . there be no condition , understanding , agreement , representation or warranty , 
 express or imply , which be not specify herein . this agreement may only be modify by a write document execute by the party hereto . 
 in witness whereof , the party hereto have cause this agreement to be duly execute . each party warrant and represent that its 
 respective signatory whose signature appear below have be and be on the date of signature duly authorize to execute this agreement . 
 scansource , inc . ( " distributor " ) 
 cisco systems , inc . ( " cisco " ) 
 by : /s/ jeffrey e. yelton 
 by : /s/ frank a. calderon 
 name : jeffrey e. yelton 
 name : frank a . calderon 
 title : vp merchandising 
 title : vp , ww sale finance 
 date : 1/19/07 
 date : january 22 , 2007 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 nonexclusive value add distributor agreement 
 term and condition 
 1.0 definition . 
 affiliate(s ) be the entity list on exhibit e to this agreement that be either business unit of distributor ( and therefore wholly - own and a part 
 of distributor ) or be wholly - own subsidiary of distributor , but in either case , only for so long as ownership remain as define in this 
 provision . 
 cisco quarter shall mean cisco 's fiscal quarter ( august 1 - october 31; november 1 - january 31; february 1 - april 30; and may 1 - july 31 ) . 
 documentation shall mean user manual , training material , product description and specification , technical manual , license agreement , 
 support material and other print information relate to any product , whether distribute in print , in electronic form , or in cd - rom or video 
 format . 
 end user be the final purchaser or licensee who have acquire product for its own internal use and not for resale , remarkete or redistribution . an 
 entity that perform stocking , spar or warehousing activity for third party or procure cisco product , service or software for delivery to 
 third party be not an end user . 
 global price list mean a complete listing of those cisco product , service , include product and service which cisco may make available to 
 distributor at its sole discretion , and associate price . 
 hardware be the tangible product make available to distributor . 
 major release or new release mean a release of software which be designate by cisco as a change in the one digit in the software version 
 number [ ( x).x.x ] . 
 non - genuine product be any and all product : ( i ) to which a mark or other cisco trademark or service mark have be affix without cisco 's 
 consent; ( ii ) that have not be manufacture by cisco or cisco technologies , inc . ( " cti " ) or by a licensed manufacturer of either cisco or cti in 
 accordance with the applicable license; or ( iii ) be produce with the intent to counterfeit or imitate a genuine cisco product 
 obsolete product shall mean any product that be remove from the then - current value add distributor price list . 
 purchase order be a written or electronic order from distributor to cisco for hardware , software or service to be purchase , license or provide 
 under this agreement . 
 product mean , individually or collectively as appropriate , hardware , license software , documentation , developed product , supply , 
 accessory , and good to the foregoing , list on the then - current publish global price list . 
 reseller mean an authorized reseller of distributor that meet cisco 's then - current requirement for reseller , include , without limitation , the 
 requirement set out in section 26.0 of this agreement . in the event cisco enter into authorization agreement whereby cisco authorize particular 
 reseller to purchase product or service from distributor and to resell product or service to end user , then " reseller " shall mean a reseller that 
 be a party to such an authorization agreement . 
 service mean cisco 's smartnet family of package service offering , as well as such other service offering as cisco make available for 
 purchase by distributor on cisco 's wholesale or global price list . 
 software be the machine readable ( object code ) version of the computer program list from time to time on the wholesale or global price list and 
 make available by cisco for license by distributor , and any copy or update thereof . cisco reserve the right , during the term of this agreement , 
 to license and distribute item of software from time to time . such item of software may be license under additional or different policy and 
 license term , which will be make available to distributor . notwithstanding the use of the term " purchase " to refer to any item of software 
 comprising or include within a product , cisco and distributor agree that all software provide by cisco to distributor under this agreement be 
 license by cisco to distributor rather than purchase by distributor from cisco . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 territory be comprise of those region or country list in exhibit a. 
 unauthorized cisco product mean any genuine cisco product or cisco service that distributor purchase or acquire from any party other than 
 cisco and/or an approve source . unauthorized cisco product do not include non - genuine product . 
 update mean a bug fix , error correction , patch or workaround for the software which be provide by cisco to distributor in response to 
 distributor 's request , or at cisco 's option , which cisco choose to provide to distributor . 
 value add distributor price list shall mean a portion of the global price list contain product which cisco make available to distributor for 
 stocking and the price at which cisco will sell such product to distributor . 
 2.0 scope . 
 this agreement and the attach exhibit set forth the term and condition for distributor 's purchase of hardware and license of software , and 
 redistribution of product , during the term of this agreement . 
 affiliate of distributor list on exhibit e may purchase product , solely for redistribution , from cisco under this agreement . distributor hereby 
 guarantee the performance by such affiliate of the financial and other contractual obligation set forth in this agreement and represent and 
 warrant that it be empower to enter into this agreement on behalf of such affiliate , and to bind ( and do so bind ) such affiliate to the term 
 and condition of this agreement . 
 cisco may require certain of the list affiliate to execute an agreement with cisco or an affiliate of cisco such that the legal relationship shall be 
 between cisco or cisco 's affiliate and distributor 's affiliate . 
 any breach by distributor or by an affiliate of ( i ) this agreement , or ( ii ) any other agreement between cisco and distributor or an affiliate of either 
 party , shall entitle cisco to terminate this agreement and/or any such agreement with affiliate and/or any other affiliate pursuant to section 18 . 
 the limit of liability set forth in this agreement shall be deem an aggregate limit of liability , not per affiliate , regardless of whether an affiliate or 
 affiliate have execute a separate agreement with cisco or a cisco affiliate permit such affiliate to purchase under the term of this 
 agreement . 
 in addition , any reporting requirement hereunder shall be perform solely by distributor . all report information relate to distributor or any 
 affiliate(s ) shall be aggregate and submit as part of a single report , as require herein . 
 3.0 appointment of distributor . 
 3.1 by this agreement , cisco make , and distributor accept , the appointment of distributor as an authorize , non - exclusive distributor of 
 product and service to reseller locate in the territory . distributor agree to use its good effort to distribute product solely to reseller locate 
 in the territory . those reseller may resell product only to end user who intend to use the product in the territory . all reseller to which 
 distributor distribute product must meet cisco 's then - current guideline for reseller , as amend from time to time . 
 3.2 distributor be authorize to resell only those product and service which be list on the value add distributor price list . notwithstanding 
 the foregoing , cisco may , in its discretion , make available for purchase and resale by distributor , but not for stocking by distributor , certain other 
 product and/or service which be list on the global price list . upon such product or service be make available to distributor , such 
 product and service will be deem to be product and service as define herein . 
 3.3 product requirement . for new product or service add to the global or value add distributor price list , include product or service 
 which become available to cisco as a result of an acquisition by cisco of another entity , cisco may impose certification , installation , or training 
 requirement on distributor prior to allow distributor to purchase , resell , or provide support for such product or service . 
 3.4 distributor agree not to solicit order for product or service , or to engage salesperson or establish warehouse or other distribution center 
 for the redistribution of product or service , outside the territory , except to the extent advertising be place in a particular advertising medium 
 ( except catalog ) which be distribute both inside and outside of the territory . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 3.5 unauthorized cisco product . distributor acknowledge that the purchase and resale of non - genuine or unauthorized cisco product be not 
 within the scope of this agreement and integrator be not entitle to the right grant herein with respect to the resale of such non - genuine or 
 unauthorized cisco product . for all unauthorized cisco product , cisco reserve the right to withhold any warranty or cisco support on such 
 product , unless such product pass a cisco equipment inspection and cisco receive payment for the applicable equipment inspection and/or 
 software license fee , as require in the then​ current software transfer and licensing policy . a print copy of the software transfe and licensing 
 policy , in effect on the effective date of this agreement and available at http://www.cisco.com/warp/public/csc/refurb_equipment/swpolicy.html , 
 shall accompany this agreement . this policy be subject to change without notice . if cisco determine that reseller have resold and/or redistribute 
 unauthorized cisco product purchase from unauthorized source , then cisco may , at cisco 's sole discretion : ( a ) audit reseller 's purchase and 
 resale record of cisco product and relevant record pursuant to section 17.0 ( report and record ) and/or ( b ) invoice reseller for all reasonable 
 cost incur by cisco in its performance of the audit and/or ( c ) suspend all product shipment to reseller . 
 4.0 order . 
 4.1 upon and subject to credit approval by cisco at the time of cisco 's receipt of any purchase order , distributor shall purchase or license 
 product or service by issue a purchase order , sign , if request by cisco , or ( in the case of electronic transmission ) send by its authorize 
 representative , indicate specific product and service , cisco product number , quantity , unit price , total purchase price , shipping instruction , 
 request shipping date , bill - to and ship - to address , tax exempt certification , if applicable and contract reference , if any . no contingency 
 contain on any purchase order shall be bind upon cisco . the term of this agreement shall apply , regardless of any additional or conflicting 
 term on any purchase order or other correspondence or documentation submit by distributor to cisco , and any such additional or conflicting 
 term be deem reject by cisco . 
 4.2 cisco shall use commercially reasonable effort to provide order acknowledgement information within [ ] business day for all purchase 
 order place on cisco.com or within [ ] business day of purchase order fax or hand deliver to cisco . cisco customer service will 
 review and accept or decline all purchase order for the cisco entity that will supply the product or service , and no other person be authorize to 
 accept purchase order on behalf of cisco . cisco customer service may accept a purchase order even if some of the information require by 
 section 4.1 above be miss or incomplete . in relation to service , cisco will confirm acceptance of a purchase order for service by issue a list 
 of product cover by such service ( the " equipment list " ) . 
 4.3 distributor may defer product shipment for up to [ ] from the original shipping date schedule by cisco , provide write or electronic 
 notice ( issue , in either case , by an authorized representative of distributor ) be receive by cisco at least [ ] day before the originally 
 schedule shipping date . cancel purchase order , reschedule shipment or product configuration change request by distributor less than 
 [ ] day before the original schedule shipping date shall be subject to ( a ) acceptance by cisco , and ( b ) a charge of [ ] of the total 
 invoice amount relate to the affected product . cisco reserve the right to reschedule shipment in case of configuration change request by 
 distributor within [ ] day of scheduled shipment . no cancellation shall be accept by cisco where product be purchase with 
 implementation service , include design , customization or installation service , except as may be set forth in the agreement or statement of work 
 under which the service be to be render . 
 5.0 shipping and delivery 
 5.1 schedule shipping date will be assign by cisco as close as practicable to the distributor 's request date base on cisco 's then - current 
 lead time for the product . cisco will communicate schedule shipping date in the order acknowledgement or on cisco.com . cisco will ship 
 product in compliance with distributor freight policy set forth in exhibit d. if no guidance be contain on exhibit d for any particular shipment , 
 cisco shall select the carrier . 
 5.2 for shipment to the united states , ship term be [ ] , which shall appear on cisco 's order acknowledgement or be accessible via 
 cisco.com . title and risk of loss shall pass from cisco to distributor [ ] . for order place and/or shipment to destination outside of the 
 united states but within the territory ( " international order " ) , distributor may need to contract with , and/or order from , a cisco affiliate . different 
 shipping term may apply to international order , as cisco shall specify at the time and as shall be record in distributor 's agreement with such 
 cisco affiliate or otherwise set out on cisco.com . 
 5.3 cisco shall not be liable for loss , damage or penalty for delay in delivery or for failure to give notice of any 
 delay . except in accordance with the applicable delivery term set forth in this agreement , cisco shall not 
 have any 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 liability in connection with shipment , nor shall the carrier be deem to be an agent of cisco . 
 6.0 payment . 
 6.1 price for product shall be those specify in cisco 's then - current global or value add distributor price list . [ ] as provide in sub- 
 section 3.2 , in its discretion , cisco may choose to make product or service which be on the global price list but not on the value add 
 distributor price list available to distributor . the price for such product or service will be provide by cisco to distributor at the time cisco 
 make such product available . 
 6.2 upon and subject to credit approval by cisco , payment term shall be [ ] day from shipping date . all payment shall be make in the 
 currency in which the price list be quote for the applicable purchase order [ ] . 
 6.3 the purchase price do not include any federal , state or local taxis , or sale , use , excise , ad valorem , value - add , withholding or other taxis or 
 duty that may be applicable to the purchase of product . when cisco have the legal obligation to collect such taxis , the appropriate amount shall 
 be add to distributor 's invoice and pay by distributor , unless distributor provide cisco with a valid tax exemption certificate prior to issuance 
 of a purchase order . such certificate must be in a form authorize by the appropriate tax authority . 
 6.4 distributor be free to determine its minimum resale price unilaterally . distributor understand that neither cisco nor any employee or 
 representative of cisco may give any special treatment ( favorable or unfavorable ) to distributor as a result of distributor 's selection of minimum 
 resale price . no employee or representative of cisco or anyone else have any authority to determine what distributor 's minimum resale price for 
 the product must be , or to limit distributor 's pricing discretion with respect to the product and service . 
 6.5 in the event any provision of this agreement or any other agreement between distributor and cisco require that cisco grant credit to 
 distributor 's account , cisco will grant such credit to distributor 's account . [ ] . cisco will only consider debit memo initially receive from 
 distributor during the time period associate with such request , as set forth herein . 
 all debit memos distributor submit to cisco will be submit use any method identify in 25.8 , or as otherwise agree between the party . 
 6.6 except as state in section 7 ( price protection ) , 12 ( inventory balance ) , 13 ( return of obsolete product ) , 18 ( term and termination ) or as 
 otherwise state herein , for all price adjustment relate credit request by the distributor to be grant by cisco , the 
 6.7 distributor must make the initial credit request to cisco , in writing , within [ ] of the underlying point of sale transaction . any initial credit 
 request submit by the distributor to cisco great than [ ] after the underlying point of sale transaction will not be honor by cisco and 
 cisco will not grant such credit to distributor . 
 7.0 price protection . 
 7.1 definition : for purpose of this section 7.0 , product " in - transit " shall be define as all product with a particular cisco part number ship 
 by cisco to distributor in the [ ] day period prior to the date on which cisco announce a general price decrease for product with such part 
 number , exclude those product which distributor have receive into its inventory during such [ ] day period . 
 7.2 in the event cisco put into effect a general price decrease for any product from the value add distributor price list , cisco will provide to 
 distributor a price credit on any such product on order , in transit or in distributor 's inventory as of the effective date of the price decrease , 
 provide that the price credit for such product in inventory or in transit shall not exceed the dollar value of shipment of that product ( measure 
 by the appropriate cisco product number ) to distributor over the precede [ ] . cisco will credit distributor 's account with an amount equal 
 to the number of unit of such product in distributor 's inventory and in transit on the effective date of a price decrease multiply by the 
 difference between the net price pay and the new net price . distributor will have [ ] from the effective date of the price change to exercise 
 protection under this program by issue a request for credit memo with support documentation to cisco . claim for price protection submit 
 more than [ ] from the effective date of a price decrease will be reject . notwithstanding the foregoing , product on order will receive an 
 automatic retroactive price credit . the only inventoried product cover under this price protection clause be product which have be identify by 
 distributor to cisco in the daily inventory report require in sub - sub - section 17.2.2 , exclude any third - party 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 source product . cisco will use commercially reasonable effort to notify distributor within [ ] of all such pricing change . 
 8.0 reserve 
 9.0 proprietary right and software licensing . 
 9.1 distributor 's use of software be govern by the term contain in exhibit c ( end user license agreement ( " eula " ) ) . for purpose of this 
 agreement , all reference to " customer " or " you " therein shall refer to distributor . 
 9.2 distributor shall notify cisco promptly of any breach or suspect breach of the eula and far agree that it will , at cisco 's request , assist 
 cisco in effort to preserve cisco 's intellectual property right include pursue an action against any breach third 
 party . 
 10 . warranty . 
 10.1 
 c I s c o p r o d u c t s a r e p r o v i d e d w I t h w r i t t e n l I m I t e d w a r r a n t I e s , a s s e t f o r t h a t t h e f o l l o w I n g u r l : 
 http://www.cisco.com/warp/public/cc/serv/mkt/sup/tsssv/wnty/. distributor will pass through to reseller all write limited warranty provide 
 by cisco with product purchase by distributor and distributor shall contractually require ( in whatever manner distributor deem appropriate ) 
 each such reseller to provide such warranty and other term to any end user to which the reseller redistribute the product . 
 10.2 in addition to the write limited warranty provide by cisco with its product , such warranty statement shall apply to distributor during the 
 period between when it receive a product and when it resell or redistribute such product , 
 10.3 notwithstanding any other provision hereof , cisco 's sole and exclusive warranty and obligation with respect to the product sell hereunder 
 be set forth in cisco 's limited warranty statement deliver with the product . distributor shall not make any warranty 
 commitment , whether written or oral , on cisco 's behalf . distributor shall indemnify cisco against any warranty make in 
 addition to cisco 's standard warranty and for any misrepresentation of cisco 's reputation or cisco 's product . 
 10.4 disclaimer of warranty . except as expressly provide in this section 10.0 , cisco hereby disclaim and 
 distributor waif all representation , condition and warranty ( whether express , imply , or statutory ) , 
 include , without limitation , any warranty or condition ( a ) of merchantability , fitness for a particular 
 purpose , noninfringement , satisfactory quality , quiet enjoyment , accuracy , or system integration , or ( b ) arise 
 from any course of dealing , course of performance , or usage in the industry . to the extent an imply 
 warranty can not be disclaim , such warranty be limit in duration to the applicable express warranty 
 period . 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section 10 , cisco make no representation or warranty as to 
 ownership of intellectual property or of proprietary right , or as to infringement or misappropriation thereof . 
 distributor 's sole and exclusive remedy in the event of any such infringement , misappropriation or any claim 
 thereof shall be as set forth in section 15 of this agreement ( " patent and copyright infringement " ) . 
 11.0 trademark . 
 11.1 cisco grant to distributor the right to use the name , logo , trademark , and other mark of cisco ( collectively , the " mark " ) for all proper 
 purpose in the sale of cisco product and service to end user and the performance of distributor 's duty hereunder only so long as this 
 agreement be in effect . distributor 's use of such mark shall be in accordance with cisco 's policy include , but not limit to trademark usage 
 and advertising policy , and be subject to cisco 's write approval . distributor far agree not to affix any mark to product other than 
 genuine product . distributor shall have no claim or right in the mark , include but not limit to trademark , service mark , or trade name 
 own , use or claim now or which cisco have authority to grant distributor the right to use in the future . distributor agree that upon notice 
 from cisco it will immediately terminate its use of a particular mark . 
 11.2 distributor shall not acquire , use , promote or resell non - genuine product . additionally , distributor shall 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 notify cisco promptly of the existence , or suspect existence , of non​ genuine product in possession of or promote by third party , and far 
 agree that it will , at cisco 's request , assist cisco to diligently pursue any action against any third party in possession of or promote non- 
 genuine product . 
 11.3 if distributor acquire , us , promote or resell non - genuine product , cisco may take one or more of the follow action , at cisco 's 
 discretion : ( i ) invoice distributor , and the latter far agree to pay within [ ] of receipt of the invoice , for all reasonable cost associate 
 with any audit and/or any investigation carry out by cisco or its independent accountant or investigator , that disclose a material breach by 
 distributor of this section , and/or ( ii ) require distributor , [ ] of cisco 's request , to recall and destroy all non - genuine product that 
 distributor have sell to reseller and replace such product with legitimate , equivalent product at distributor 's expense , ( iii ) require distributor , 
 within [ ] of receive cisco 's write request , to provide cisco with all detail relate to distributor 's acquisition of all non - genuine 
 product , include without limitation , its supplier , shipping detail and all buyer to whom distributor resold non - genuine product , and ( iv ) 
 terminate this agreement by notice with immediate effect . 
 12.0 inventory balance . 
 for a [ ] period , begin on the effective date of this agreement , distributor have the option to return to cisco , for credit , up to [ ] of 
 the dollar value of product list on the value add distributor price list and ship to distributor in the precede cisco quarter , net of credit 
 issue by cisco to distributor . [ ] cisco shall credit distributor 's account in the amount of the price pay by distributor for return product , 
 less any price protection credit issue to distributor relate to the product return ( the " return credit " ) . each of the following requirement 
 must be meet by distributor : 
 12.1 [ ] 
 12.2 distributor may submit the inventory balance claim between the first and [ ] calendar day of the following month : february , may , 
 august , and november . 
 12.3 [ ] 
 12.4 distributor shall bear all shipping and handle charge to the cisco designate united states site for product return for credit; 
 12.5 distributor shall obtain an rma number prior to return any product to cisco . distributor shall follow cisco 's then - current rma process; 
 and 
 12.6 distributor report must be provide to cisco in accordance with the requirement of sub- section 17.2 . 
 [ ] 
 13.0 return of obsolete product 
 13.1 cisco will use commercially reasonable effort to notify distributor , include by electronic posting , when a product become an obsolete 
 product . 
 13.2 provide distributor provide require report to cisco in accordance with section 17.0 of this agreement , distributor shall have the right to 
 return obsolete product for full credit under cisco 's then - current rma process . [ ] 
 13.3 distributor must notify cisco of the quantity of obsolete product to be return to cisco within [ ] of notification of obsolescence by 
 cisco . such right to return be contingent upon return by distributor of obsolete product within [ ] of such notification by cisco . such 
 product must be in new and unused condition and in factory seal box . 
 13.4 [ ] 
 14.0 reserved 
 15.0 patent and copyright infringement . 
 15.1 cisco will have the obligation and right to defend any claim , action , suit or proceed ( " ipr claim " ) bring 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 against distributor , its officer , director , employee and agent ( " name party " ) so far as it be base on a claim that any product supply under 
 this agreement infringe third party ipr ( as define below ) . cisco will indemnify name party and hold harmless against any final judgment 
 enter in respect of such an ipr claim by a court of competent jurisdiction and against any settlement arise out of such an ipr claim . cisco 's 
 obligation to defend the ipr claim and indemnify distributor be conditional upon : 
 15.1.1 distributor notify cisco promptly in writing of the ipr claim or threat thereof; 
 distributor grant cisco full and exclusive authority for the conduct of the defense and settlement of the 15.1.2 ipr claim and any subsequent 
 appeal; and 
 15.1.3 distributor provide cisco all information and assistance reasonably request by cisco in connection with the conduct of the defense and 
 settlement of the ipr claim and any subsequent appeal . 
 15.2 for the purpose of this agreement , third party ipr mean a united states copyright exist as at the effective date , a united states patent 
 issue as at the effective date , a trademark register in the united states as at the effective date , trade dress exist in the united states as at 
 the effective date , or a claim that a product be manufacture by mean of misappropriation of a third party 's trade secret . 
 15.3 if an ipr claim have be make , or in cisco 's opinion be likely to be make , distributor agree to permit cisco , at its option and expense , either to : 
 ( a ) procure for distributor the right to continue use the product; ( b ) replace or modify the product so that it become non - infringing; or ( c ) 
 immediately terminate both party ' respective right and obligation under this agreement with regard to the product , in which case distributor 
 will return the product to cisco and cisco will refund to distributor the price originally pay by distributor to cisco for the product , [ ] . 
 15.4 notwithstanding the foregoing , cisco have no liability for , and distributor will defend and indemnify cisco against , any ipr claim arise from : 
 15.4.1 the combination , operation , or use of a product supply under this agreement with any product , device , or software not supply by cisco; 
 15.4.2 the amount or duration of use which distributor , a reseller or an end user make of the product , revenue earn by distributor , a reseller or 
 an end user from service it provide that use the product , or service offer by distributor , a reseller or an end user to external or internal 
 customers; 
 15.4.3 the alteration or modification of any product supply under this agreement; 
 15.4.4 cisco 's compliance with distributor 's design , specification , or instructions; or 
 15.4.5 distributor 's use of the product after cisco have inform distributor of modification or change in the product require to avoid such an 
 ipr claim if the allege infringement would have be avoid by implementation of cisco 's recommend modification or change . 
 15.5 this section state the entire obligation of cisco and its supplier , and the exclusive remedy of distributor , in respect of any infringement or 
 allege infringement of any intellectual property right or proprietary right . this indemnity obligation and remedy be give to 
 distributor solely for its benefit and in lieu of , and cisco disclaim , all warranty , condition and other term of 
 non - infringement or title with respect to any product . 
 15.6 [ ] . 
 16.0 support . 
 support shall be provide in accordance with exhibit b. distributor acknowledge that cisco will not be responsible for warranty service and 
 support except as specifically provide in exhibit b or a cisco support program ( e.g. , smartnet ) . 
 17.0 report and record . 
 17.1 with regard to both distributor and affiliate ' activity , distributor shall keep full , true , and accurate record and account , in accordance with 
 generally - accept accounting principle , of each product or service purchase and deploy , resold , or distribute by serial number , include 
 information regard compliance with cisco marketing and sale program , software usage , and export or transfer . distributor shall make these 
 record available for audit by cisco upon [ ] prior write notice , during regular business hour , at distributor 's principal place of business or 
 such other of distributor 's location where distributor may maintain relevant record . [ ] . 
 all report and relate obligation in this section 17 apply to not only datum regard distributor 's activity , but also 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 the activity of the affiliate . all such information shall be compile into one report unless otherwise direct herein . the report(s ) shall identify 
 the specific distributor entity involve in the subject transaction . 
 17.2 reporting . [ ] 
 17.3 distributor agree to use commercially reasonable effort , commensurate with the manner in which distributor treat any of its other leading 
 vendor , in order to facilitate cisco 's ability to obtain daily sale information from distributor via edi . 
 17.4 eccn number . upon request by distributor , cisco agree to make available to distributor the export control classification number ( eccn ) 
 for each of cisco 's product and information as to whether or not any of such product be classify under the u.s . munition license . 
 17.5 unauthorized cisco product . distributor will not purchase product for resale to any reseller from any person or entity other than cisco , 
 provide that distributor may accept return product from reseller if distributor initially sell the product to be return to such reseller . 
 [ ] 
 18.0 term and termination . 
 18.1 this agreement shall commence on the effective date and continue thereafter for a period of two ( 2 ) year , unless extend by write 
 agreement of both party or soon terminate as set forth below . without prejudice to either party 's right to terminate this agreement as set forth 
 in sub​ section 18.2 to 18.5 below , cisco may , by write notice to distributor , give at least thirty ( 30 ) day prior to the end of the then - current 
 term of the agreement , extend the term of the agreement for the period set forth in such notice , up to a maximum of one ( 1 ) year beyond the then- 
 current expiration date . any extension shall be on the same term and condition then in force , except as may be mutually agree in writing by the 
 party . in the event the agreement expire and cisco intend to not renew the agreement , cisco will provide write notice of same to distributor . 
 notwithstanding cisco 's right to extend the term of this agreement , each party acknowledge that this agreement shall always be interpret as 
 be limit in duration to a definite term and that the other party have make no commitment whatsoever regard the duration or renewal of this 
 agreement beyond those expressly state herein . 
 18.2 termination for convenience . either party may terminate this agreement , without cause , by give the other party [ ] day prior write 
 notice . notwithstanding the foregoing , cisco may terminate this agreement immediately upon write notice in the event of breach by distributor 
 of section 9.0 ( proprietary right and software licensing ) , section 11.0 ( trademark ) , section 19.0 ( confidentiality ) or section 20.0 ( export 
 restriction ) of this agreement . 
 18.3 a party may terminate this agreement immediately through write notice if ( i ) the other party cease to carry on business as a going concern; 
 or ( ii ) the other party become or may become the object of the institution of voluntary or involuntary proceeding in bankruptcy or liquidation; or 
 ( iii ) a receiver or similar officer be appoint with respect to the whole or a substantial part of the other party 's assets; or ( iv ) an event similar to any 
 of the foregoing occur under applicable law . 
 18.4 cisco may terminate this agreement upon [ ] day ' write notice , in the event it becomes know that ( i ) distributor or an affiliate or 
 distributor 's direct or indirect parent have acquire or intend to acquire a control interest in a third party that be a competitor of cisco , or ( ii ) 
 distributor or its direct or indirect parent be to be acquire by a third party , or ( iii ) a control interest in distributor or its direct or indirect parent 
 be to be transfer to a third party . 
 18.5 upon termination or expiration of this agreement , ( a ) cisco reserve the right to cease all further delivery of product or service due against 
 any exist purchase order unless distributor agree to pay for such delivery in advance by certified or cashier 's check , ( b ) all outstanding 
 invoice immediately become due and payable by certified or cashier 's check , and ( c ) all right and license of distributor hereunder shall 
 terminate , subject to the term of the following sentence . except for a termination of this agreement result from distributor 's breach of section 
 9.0 ( proprietary right and software licensing ) or section 19.0(confidential information ) , upon termination or expiration of this agreement , 
 distributor may continue to use , in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement , product ship to it by cisco prior to the date 
 of termination or expiration . 
 18.6 upon termination or expiration of this agreement , distributor shall immediately return to cisco all confidential information ( include all 
 copy thereof ) then in distributor 's possession , custody or control; provide , that except for a termination result from distributor 's breach of 
 section 9.0 ( proprietary right and software licensing ) or section 19.0 ( confidential information ) , distributor may retain a sufficient amount of 
 such confidential information and material 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 to support its instal base of product . 
 18.7 [ ] . 
 18.8 in the event of termination by cisco for convenience , termination by distributor for cisco 's material breach , or expiration of this agreement 
 where cisco have provide distributor with write notice from an authorized representative of its intention not to renew the agreement , cisco 
 agree to repurchase all product in distributor 's inventory within [ ] day follow the effective date of termination or expiration . within 
 [ ] day follow the effective date of termination or expiration , distributor shall return to cisco all product hold in inventory as of the 
 effective date of termination . distributor shall receive credit for any product so return in an amount equal to the original purchase price thereof , 
 less any credit or discount which have be previously pay or apply to distributor . such credit shall be first apply to any uncontested 
 amount due cisco . any remain balance shall be payable to distributor as soon as commercially practicable . cisco shall have the option to 
 select the method of return and shall bear all freight cost associate with return of product by distributor under this section 18.8 . 
 18.9 in the event of termination by cisco for distributor 's material breach , or termination by distributor for convenience , cisco may , at its option , 
 allow distributor to return unsold product , but cisco be in no way obligate to do so . in the case of authorized return of product by cisco under 
 section 18.9 , distributor will bear all freight cost associate with return of product to cisco . 
 18.10 [ ] 
 distributor shall obtain an rma number prior to return any product to cisco . distributor shall follow cisco 's then - current rma process . 
 18.11 distributor agree that , in the event of any termination of this agreement , it shall have no right to 
 damage or indemnification of any nature , specifically include commercial severance pay , whether by way of 
 loss of future profit , expenditure for promotion of any product , or other commitment in connection with 
 the business and good will of distributor . distributor expressly waif and renounce any claim to 
 compensation or indemnity for any termination of a business relationship . except as otherwise expressly set 
 forth herein , this section shall in no way be interpret to release either cisco or distributor from any 
 payment or financial obligation make prior to termination . 
 19.0 confidentiality . 
 distributor acknowledge that , in the course of sell product and service and perform its duty under this agreement , distributor , its 
 reseller , and end user to which distributor provide access to cisco technical datum ( include without limitation product , service , and 
 technical datum make available on cisco connection online pursuant to exhibit c ) , may obtain information relate to product , service , or to 
 cisco , which be of a confidential and proprietary nature ( " proprietary information " ) . such proprietary information include , but be not limit to , 
 trade secret , know - how , invention , technique , process , program , schematic , software source document , datum , customer list , financial 
 information and sale and marketing plan . 
 cisco own and intend to maintain its ownership of all such proprietary information . [ ] distributor shall appropriately bind each of its 
 employee to whom such disclosure be make , to hold the proprietary information in strict confidence and not to disclose such information to any 
 person other than as be necessary in the course of its employment by distributor and will indemnify cisco for all damage suffer by cisco in the 
 event of wrongful disclosure of such proprietary information . neither party shall disclose , advertise , or publish either the existence , the subject 
 matter , any discussion relate to , or any of the term and condition , of this agreement ( or any summary of any of the forgoing ) to any third 
 party without the prior write consent of the other party . any press release , publication , advertisement or public disclosure regard this 
 agreement be subject to both the prior review and the write approval of both party . 
 cisco acknowledge that , under this agreement , distributor may provide point of sale ( " pos " ) report , financial information , sale and marketing 
 plan , distributor network design information and distributor list , of a proprietary and confidential nature ( " distributor confidential 
 information " ) . such distributor information , exclude pos report and distributor list , shall be use by cisco only in connection with this 
 agreement . [ ] cisco far agree to immediately return to distributor , at distributor 's request , all distributor confidential information in 
 cisco 's possession , custody , or control upon termination of this agreement at any time and for any reason , except for pos report or distributor 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 list that cisco may use for internal business or end user support purpose or government - relate purpose . 
 20.0 export restriction . 
 certain of the product supply by cisco under the agreement be subject to export control under the law and regulation of the united states 
 ( u.s . ) and elsewhere . distributor shall comply with such law and regulation govern use , export , re - export , and transfer of product and will 
 obtain all require u.s . and local authorization , permit , or license . 
 21.0 compliance with law . 
 21.1 distributor shall obtain all license , permit and approval require by any government , include any recycling or take - back program 
 applicable to packaging or product , and shall comply with all applicable law , rule , regulation , policy and procedure and any requirement 
 applicable to the importation , exportation , use , sale , loan , purchase , and distribution of product under telecommunication , consumer right 
 relate , environmental , labor , tax , and any other law and regulation , of any government or other competent authority where the product be to 
 be sell , use or deploy ( collectively " applicable law " ) . 
 21.2 distributor will indemnify and hold harmless cisco for any claim arise from or relate to distributor 's violation or allege violation of any 
 applicable law . 
 21.3 distributor hereby represent and warrant that : ( a ) it shall comply with all applicable laws; ( b ) this agreement and each of its term be in 
 full conformance and in compliance with such laws; and ( c ) it shall not take any action or permit or authorize any action which will render cisco 
 liable for a violation of the u.s . foreign corrupt practice act , which prohibit the offering , give or promise to offer or give , directly or 
 indirectly , money or anything of value to any official of a government , political party or instrumentality thereof in order to assist it or cisco in 
 obtaining or retain business and ( i ) it will not violate or cause cisco to violate such act in connection with the sale or distribution of cisco 
 product or services; and ( ii ) if distributor be a non - governmental entity , it will notify cisco in write if any of its owner , partner , principal , 
 officer , and employee be or become during the term of this agreement official , officer or representative of any government , political party or 
 candidate for political office outside the united states and be responsible for a decision regard obtain or retain business for cisco 
 product by such government . cisco strive to maintain the high standard of business integrity and , accordingly , if distributor have any cause 
 for concern regard any business practice these should be report to cisco at [ email address ] or by fax to [ fax number ] . 
 21.4 distributor shall use its good effort to regularly and continuously inform cisco of any requirement under any applicable law that directly 
 or indirectly affect this agreement , the sale , use and distribution of product , or cisco 's trade name , trademark or other commercial , industrial or 
 intellectual property interest , include , but not limit to , certification or type approval of the product from the proper authority in the 
 territory . 
 22.0 limitation of liability . 
 notwithstanding anything else in this agreement to the contrary , and except for liability arise out of 
 distributor 's breach of section 9 ( proprietary right and software licensing ) or exhibit c ( software license 
 agreement ) , or amount due for product and service purchase with respect to the payment of which no 
 bona fide dispute exist , all liability of each party , include each party 's affiliate , officer , director , 
 employee , agent and supplier collectively , for claim arise under this agreement or otherwise howsoever 
 arising shall be limit separately for product and service purchase to the great of i ) [ ] or ( ll)the 
 money pay to cisco for product or for service , separately and as applicable , under this agreement during the 
 [ ] period precede the event or circumstance first give rise to such liability . these limitation of 
 liability for product and service be cumulative and not per - incident ( i.e. , the existence of two or more claim 
 will not enlarge this limit ) . 
 23.0 consequential damage waiver . 
 except for liability arise out of or in connection with distributor 's breach of section 9 ( proprietary right 
 and software licensing ) or exhibit c ( software license agreement ) , in no event shall either party , its respective 
 affiliate , officer , director , employee , agent or supplier be liable for any special , incidental , 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 indirect or consequential damage , or lose revenue , lost profit , or lose or damaged datum , whether arise in 
 contract , tort ( include negligence ) , or otherwise , even if such party have be inform of the possibility 
 thereof . 
 24.0 general indemnification 
 each party shall defend , indemnify and hold harmless the other , and their respective officer , director , employee , and agent from and against 
 any and all claim , loss , liability , damage , and expense ( include , without limitation , reasonable attorney ' fee ) , include without limitation , 
 those base on contract or tort , arise out of or in connection with a claim , suit or proceed bring by a third party base upon bodily injury 
 ( include death ) or damage to tangible personal property ( not include lose or damaged datum ) arise from the negligent or intentional act or 
 omission of the indemnify party or its subcontractor , or the officer , director , employee , agent , successor and assign of any of they . in 
 the event that the indemnified party 's or a third party 's negligent or intentional act or omission contribute to cause the injury or damage for 
 which a claim of indemnity be be assert against the indemnify party hereunder , the damage and expense ( include , without limitation , 
 reasonable attorney ' fee ) shall be allocate or reallocate , as the case may be , between the indemnified party , the indemnify party and any 
 other party bear responsibility in such proportion as appropriately reflect the relative fault of such party , or their subcontractor , or the 
 officer , director , employee , agent , successor and assign of any of they , and the liability of the indemnify party shall be proportionately 
 reduce . 
 the foregoing indemnification obligation be condition upon the indemnified party promptly notify the indemnify party in writing of the 
 claim , suit or proceed for which the indemnify party be obligate under this section 24 , cooperate with , assist and provide information 
 to , the indemnify party as reasonably require , and grant the indemnify party the exclusive right to defend or settle such claim , suit or 
 proceeding . 
 25.0 insurance 
 ( a ) each party shall be responsible for maintain worker 's compensation insurance in the statutory amount require by the applicable state 
 law . 
 ( b ) each party shall maintain commercial general liability insurance with bodily injury and property damage limit of [ ] per occurrence and 
 [ ] aggregate . such insurance shall ( a ) provide for contractual liability coverage , ( b ) provide for cross liability coverage , and ( c ) name the 
 other party and its subcontractor , as well as the director , officer , employee , agent , successor and assign of all of they , as additional 
 insured , but only to the extent of liability fall within the indemnity obligation of the other party pursuant to the term of section 24 in this 
 agreement . 
 26.0 requirement for reseller 
 26.1 [ ] 
 26.2 [ ] 
 27.0 general provision . 
 27.1 choice of law . the validity , interpretation , and performance of this agreement shall be control by and construe under the law of the 
 state of new york , united states of america , as if perform wholly within the state and without give effect to the principle of conflict of law , 
 and the state and federal court of california shall have jurisdiction over any claim arise under this agreement . the party specifically disclaim 
 the un convention on contract for the international sale of good . notwithstanding the foregoing , either party may seek interim injunctive relief 
 in any court of appropriate jurisdiction with respect to any allege breach of such party 's intellectual property or proprietary right . 
 27.2 force majeure . except for the obligation to pay monie due and owing , neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performance due 
 to event outside the default party 's reasonable control , include without limitation act of god , earthquake , labor dispute , industry wide 
 shortage of supply , action of governmental entity , riot , war , act of terrorism , fire , epidemic , or delay of common carrier or other 
 circumstance beyond its reasonable control . the obligation and right of the default party shall be extend for a period equal to the period 
 during which such event prevent such party 's performance . 
 27.3 no waiver . the waiver by either party of any right provide under this agreement shall 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 not constitute a subsequent or continue waiver of such right or of any other right under this agreement . 
 27.4 assignment . distributor may not assign or delegate its right or obligation under this agreement ( other than ( i ) the right to receive any 
 amount due , which shall be freely assignable , or ( ii ) to distributor 's parent or majority - own subsidiary company of sufficient net worth to meet 
 any potential liability under this agreement ) without the prior write consent of cisco , such consent not to be unreasonably withhold or delay , 
 provide that any such assignment shall not relieve distributor of any obligation to pay monie that be owe cisco prior to the date of the 
 assignment . 
 27.5 severability . in the event that one or more term of this agreement become or be declare to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable by any 
 court of competent jurisdiction , each such term shall be null and void and shall be deem delete from this agreement . all remain term of this 
 agreement shall remain in full force and effect . notwithstanding the foregoing , if this paragraph be invoke and , as a result , the value of this 
 agreement be materially impaired for either party , as determine by such party in its sole discretion , then the affected party may terminate this 
 agreement by write notice with immediate effect to the other . 
 27.6 attorney ' fee . in any suit or proceeding relate to this agreement the prevail party will have the right to recover from the other its cost 
 and reasonable fee and expense of attorney incur in connection with the suit or proceeding , include cost , fee and expense upon appeal , 
 separately from and in addition to any other amount include in such judgment . this provision be intend to be severable from the other 
 provision of this agreement , and shall survive expiration or termination and shall not be merge into any such judgment 
 27.7 no agency . this agreement do not create any agency , partnership , joint venture , or franchise relationship . no employee of either party 
 shall be or become , or shall be deem to be or become , an employee of the other party by virtue of the existence or implementation of this 
 agreement . each party hereto be an independent contractor . neither party have the right or authority to , and shall not , assume or create any 
 obligation of any nature whatsoever on behalf of the other party or bind the other party in any respect whatsoever . 
 27.8 notice . all notice require or permit under this agreement will be in writing and will be deem give one ( 1 ) day after deposit with a 
 commercial express courier specify next day delivery ( or two ( 2 ) day for international courier package specify 2 - day delivery ) , with write 
 verification of receipt . all communication will be send to the address set forth on the cover sheet of this agreement or such other address as 
 may be designate by a party by give write notice to the other party pursuant to this paragraph . notwithstanding the foregoing , notice 
 regard general change in product status , pricing , policy , financial transaction or program may also be make by post on cisco.com or 
 delivery by e - mail or fax , as applicable . cisco shall use commercially reasonable effort to provide distributor [ ] notice when introduce new 
 program or product or modify product pricing . any notice regard discontinuation of product shall be pursuant to cisco 's then - current end 
 of life policy , as find at http://www.cisco.com/en/us/products/product end - of - life policy.html . a current copy of this policy , as of the effective 
 date of this agreement , be attach hereto as exhibit g. [ ] . 
 27.9 non - exclusive market and purchase right . it be expressly understand and agree that this agreement do not grant to cisco or distributor 
 an exclusive right to purchase or sell product and shall not prevent either party from develop or acquire or sell compete product of 
 other vendor or customer . 
 27.10 survival . section 6.0 ( payment ) , 10.0 ( limited warranty ) , 19.0 ( confidential information ) , 15.0 ( patent and copyright infringement ) , 18 ( term 
 and termination ) , 17.0 ( report and record ) , 20.0 ( export restriction ) , 22.0 ( limitation of liability ) , 23.0 ( consequential damage waiver ) , 27.0 
 ( general ) and the license to use the software set out in exhibit c ( software license agreement ) ( subject to the termination provision set forth in 
 section 18.0 ) shall survive the termination of this agreement . 
 27.11 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in two counterpart , each of which shall be deem an original and together which shall 
 constitute one and the same instrument . a validly execute counterpart that be deliver by 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 one party to the other via electronic transmission ( a " counterpart image " ) shall be valid and bind to the same extent as one deliver physically , 
 provide that the valid signature be clearly visible in the counterpart image . in the event that a party deliver a counterpart image in place of an 
 originally - execute counterpart , such party shall retain the originally - execute counterpart in its file for at least the duration of the term hereof . 
 27.12 heading . heading of section have be add solely for convenience of reference and shall not be deem part of this agreement . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 exhibit a 
 territory 
 territory : the united states , exclude its territory . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 exhibit b 
 value add distributor support exhibit 
 1.0 definition . 
 capitalize term use in this exhibit b have the meaning assign to those term in section 1.0 of the nonexclusive value add distributor 
 agreement term and condition . additional capitalize term and the definition assign to those term in this exhibit b follow : 
 cco mean cisco connection online , cisco 's online information web server . 
 customer mean end user and reseller . 
 standard business hour mean 6:00 am to 6:00 pm pacific standard time monday through friday , exclude cisco - observe holiday , in the 
 u.s . and canada and outside the u.s . and canada , mean 8:00 am to 6:00 pm australia 's eastern standard time and central european time , 
 monday through friday , exclude local cisco - observe holiday . 
 tac mean cisco 's technical assistance center . 
 2.0 cisco right and obligation . 
 for product purchase under the agreement , cisco provide the service describe below . [ ] 
 2.1 cco access . cisco will provide distributor with partner - level access to cco . 
 2.2 technical support . [ ] . 
 2.3 update . [ ] . 
 2.4 hardware support . 
 2.4.1 return for replacement . during the cisco warranty period , distributor may return fail product to cisco for replacement . cisco will use 
 commercially reasonable effort to ship a replacement within [ ] day after receipt of the fail product from distributor . after the end of 
 the warranty period , part will be charge at cisco 's then - current rate . 
 2.4.2 distributor may request advance replacement delivery of replacement part ( cisco will send the part upon distributor 's receipt of an 
 rma number ) at cisco 's then - current advance replacement charge . 
 2.4.3 product use for replacement may be new or equivalent to new , at cisco 's discretion . 
 2.5 cisco brand service option . 
 cisco will make available for purchase by distributor , all appropriate cisco brand support product for distributor 's internal use and for resale 
 to reseller . this option to resell cisco brand service whereby service be deliver directly by cisco to the end user be available in accordance 
 with cisco 's then - current package service resale program . availability of cisco brand service be subject to geographic limitation . information on 
 where such service be available for resale , as well as the process for resell cisco brand service be locate at 
 " http://www.cisco.com/warp/cproreg/45/index.html " . 
 3.0 distributor right and obligation . 
 3.1 prioritization and escalation guideline . distributor will escalate problem to cisco pursuant to the escalation and prioritization guideline 
 ( appendix a ) . 
 3.2 spare part . distributor shall maintain sufficient spare part inventory to support its customer base for a one - month period under normal 
 circumstance . distributor shall maintain adequate manpower and facility to assure prompt handling of inquiry , order and shipment for 
 product . 
 3.3 warranty service . distributor shall provide to its reseller , [ ] all warranty service for a minimum 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 of the warranty period set forth in the publish product warranty provide with the original product . such warranty shall commence upon 
 shipment to the end user . warranty service will consist of software and hardware replacement service as follow : 
 3.3.1 software service . distributor will use reasonable effort to provide work​ around solution or implement a cisco - provide patch . 
 distributor will use reasonable effort to make late release of all cisco software available to its reseller . 
 3.3.2 hardware advance replacement . distributor will ship replacement part and/or product to its reseller in accordance with cisco 's then- 
 current publish product warranty applicable to the particular product . 
 3.4 return coordination . distributor will comply with the following : 
 3.4.1 distributor shall coordinate the return of all fail part and/or product , freight and insurance prepay , to the cisco repair center specify 
 by cisco . 
 3.4.2 distributor shall comply with the follow rma procedure : 
 3.4.2.1 distributor will ensure all product be properly package prior to be ship , and will include a write description of the failure and 
 specification of any change or alteration make to the product . product return to cisco will conform in quantity and serial number to the rma 
 request . 
 3.4.2.2 distributor shall tag each product return with the rma transaction number and a brief description of the problem . 
 3.4.2.3 cisco will not accept any product return which be not accompany by an rma number . 
 3.4.3 title and risk of loss to fail product and part transfer to cisco upon delivery to the cisco repair center specify by cisco . 
 3.5 reseller support . distributor will ensure reseller have all appropriate support as follow : 
 3.5.1 distributor shall provide competent technical support staff to support the product so as to ensure that the reseller be able to provide the 
 necessary support to the end user reseller . 
 3.5.2 reseller frontline support . distributor will use good effort to ensure that its reseller provide high quality front - line support . 
 3.5.3 [ ] cisco be not responsible for any claim arise from failure by distributor 's reseller to provide this support . 
 3.5.4 resale of cisco brand service . where available , distributor will offer for purchase by its reseller , all appropriate cisco brand support 
 product through its normal product availability process . 
 4.0 service not cover under this exhibit . 
 4.1 new release or major release for software . 
 4.2 customization of exist software for non - standard application . 
 4.3 support or replacement of product that be alter , modify , mishandle , destroy or damage by natural cause or damage during 
 unauthorized use . 
 4.4 software problem result from third party equipment or cause beyond cisco 's control . 
 4.5 any hardware upgrade of product require to accept update . 
 5.0 termination . 
 upon expiration or termination of the agreement , ( a ) all right and license of distributor under this support exhibit shall terminate , ( b ) 
 distributor shall immediately discontinue all representation that distributor 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 provide maintenance service for cisco product , and ( c ) distributor access to cco shall terminate . 
 6.0 software license . 
 distributor acknowledge that it may receive software as a result of service provide under this agreement . distributor agree that it be 
 license to distribute such software only on product cover under the service and subject to the term and condition of this agreement and 
 the software license grant with the original acquisition . except as otherwise specify in this exhibit , distributor shall not copy , in whole or 
 in part , software or documentation; modify the software , reverse compile or reverse assemble all or any portion of the software; or rent , lease , 
 distribute , sell , or create derivative work of the software . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 appendix 1 
 cisco problem prioritization and escalation guideline 
 to ensure that all problem be report in a standard format , cisco have establish the following problem priority definition . these definition 
 will assist cisco in allocate the appropriate resource to resolve problem . distributor must assign a priority to all problem submit to cisco . 
 [ ] 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 exhibit d 
 scansource freight policy 
 to : all supplier 
 subject : rout instruction 
 in order to mm1m1ze inbound transportation cost , and to maximize control over transit time , tracing , and expediting , this rout guide have be 
 issue . these instruction supercede all previous shipping instruction and be to be retain for ready reference . 
 for shipment of catalyst telecom and paracon product : contact : 
 melinda hamilton , receive supervisor 
 phone : ( 800 ) 854 - 9570 ext . 8187 
 fax : ( 901 ) 369 - 7876 
 email : melinda.hamiltonpartnerservicesinc.com 
 ship to address : 
 scansource , inc . 
 4020 quest way , ste . 114 
 memphis , tn . 38115 
 receive hour : 7:00 am - 2:00 pm 
 for shipment of scansource and scansource security product : contact : 
 deborah lucas , receive manager 
 phone : ( 800 ) 854 - 9570 ext . 8111 
 fax : ( 901 ) 367 - 0666 
 email : deborah.lucaspartnerservicesinc.com 
 ship to address : 
 scansource , inc . 
 4100 quest way 
 memphis , tn . 38115 
 receive hour 7:00 am - 12:00 pm ( noon ) 
 note : a pack slip / manifest must be include with each shipment . it should include : 
 a ) 
 a listing of product and quantity ship 
 b ) 
 purchase order number ( this must also show on the bill of lading ) 
 c ) 
 date ship 
 d ) 
 name of carrier 
 e ) 
 tracking or pro number 
 please comply with the follow instruction when transportation be our responsibility : 
 1 . 
 all freight charge assign to scansource must be ship " freight collect " . for up shipment ship " bill recipient " . 
 please consolidate all of one day 's shipment on one bill of lading . 
 exception will be charge back . cisco may accomplish this by leverage an order group process and set up internal tool accordingly . og 
 will only be available for ltl or tl carrier . in order to support og , scansource must include a ltl and tl carrier in their rout config in src 
 tool . if combined shipment do not meet the minimum requirement to ship ltl or tl ( i.e. number piece , min weight ) then no grouping will be do . 
 2 . 
 do not insure shipment or declare value for carriage . 
 3 . 
 each bill of lading must display the total number of carton in the shipment , 
 i.e. 24 carton on 1 pallet . bill of lading must be fill out completely . please accurately describe product with the appropriate nmfc code . if you 
 do not have the nmfc information available , ask the carrier to identify it for you . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 4 . 
 indicate our purchase order number and number of box on all container and shipping document . 
 5 . 
 all pallet must be standard 40 " wide x 48 " long four way pallet . primary fork entry from the 40 " end . 
 6 . 
 banding must be plastic , no metal . 
 7 . 
 stack height on pallet be 48 " maximum . 
 all freight bill be audit , and any premium transportation charge incur because these instruction have not be follow will be charge to 
 cisco . the charge will be base on the actual premium pay . scansource agree to provide cisco with advance notice in the event such a charge 
 become necessary . cisco will have the opportunity to validate any such charge prior to actually incur same . 
 if pickup service , via the carrier show below , be not available in your area or if you have any other question concern this guide , please contact 
 the scansource traffic department at ( 901 ) 362 - 0421 , bob balsano . your cooperation in follow this program be appreciate . 
 standard surface transportation 
 i. 
 shipment , not individual carton , weigh less than 250 lbs . and meet the weight and size restriction , must be ship by 
 united parcel service . 
 ii . 
 approve motor carrier for all ltl shipment from the state show below be list . 
 carrier servicing 
 fedex freight east 
 toll free number for pickup ( 800 ) 874 - 4723 
 -alabama 
 -arkansa 
 -georgia 
 -illinoi 
 -indiana 
 -kentucky 
 -louisiana 
 -minnesota 
 -mississippi 
 -missouri 
 -new jersey 
 -north carolina 
 -oklahoma 
 -south carolina 
 -tennessee 
 -texas 
 -virginia 
 -west virginia 
 -wisconsin 
 con - way : 
 arizona 
 california 
 colorado 
 oregon 
 washington 
 all remain state 
 yellow freight 
 toll free ( 800 ) 610 - 6500 
 premium routing 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 scansource purchasing or traffic department must authorize use of premium freight ( air , special truck , truckload ) in advance . all premium 
 shipment must state the total number of carton in the shipment and the correct dimension of each carton . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 exhibit e 
 affiliate list 
 the follow entity be either business unit of distributor or be wholly - own subsidiary of distributor . for the purpose of this agreement , 
 and as set forth in section 1 ( " definition " ) , all such entity list below shall be refer to herein as " affiliate(s ) . " 
 1 . 
 scansource , inc . 
 2 . 
 scansource , inc . d / b / a catalyst telecom 
 3 . 
 scansource , inc . d / b / a paracon 
 4 . 
 scansource security distribution , inc . 
 5 . 
 t2 supply , inc . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 exhibit f 
 software transfer and relicense policy 
 september 15 , 2000 
 this document set forth cisco 's policy with respect to the transferability of any cisco software ( " software " ) . a transfer occur when : ( 1 ) the 
 original or authorize subsequent licensee try to convey or reassign its right to use the software to another entity , or ( 2 ) the original lessor of 
 cisco use hardware ( include bundle software ) ( " hardware " ) try to reassign the original lessee 's right to use the software to another lessee , 
 or the lessor try to convey or reassign its right to lease the hardware and software bundle to another lessor . a rental would be treat the same 
 as the lease situation as describe in item 2 above . 
 this policy apply to all software whether standalone or embed . standalone software be software which be not require to operate the 
 hardware upon which it reside ( i.e. , icsg software such as call center , unified messaging , network management software ) . embed software be 
 software which be incorporate into the hardware and be require for its operation ( i.e. , operate system software , certain feature of io ) . 
 policy : 
 cisco 's policy be that software , whether standalone or embed , be not transferable , except where a list exception below applie , and except , of 
 course , where cisco 's contract expressly allow it . any other transfer will require the payment of a new license fee ( see global price list ) . for 
 product where there be no separate line item for the software ( i.e. the price for both the hardware and software be bundle ) , and therefore , a fee 
 can not be determine , an exception will be make to allow for the transfer without the customer be require to obtain a new license ( the customer 
 may be require to pay an inspection fee ) , if ( a ) software to be transfer ( i ) will be under a support contract provide by either cisco or a cisco​‐ 
 authorize support partner or ( ii ) be still support by cisco; or ( b ) approval from the theatre sale controller have be obtain . 
 use of the software will be govern by either the original license term and condition in place between cisco and the original software licensee 
 or by the new license between cisco and the new user . cisco may withhold its consent to any transfer not conform to this policy . 
 license fee : 
 the license fee be generally the same amount as the fee charge for a new license or a portion of the fee of a new license , unless otherwise note 
 on the global price list . 
 it be the obligation of the transferor to obtain cisco 's consent and/or a new license before the transfer occur . 
 exception : 
 provide the condition of transfer be meet as set forth below , the follow exception apply to the prohibition against transfer without write 
 approval and payment of the applicable fee . these exception may be overridden by express term in an applicable licensing agreement govern 
 the transferability of special license software ( special license software be the term now use in our template to refer to icsg product ) 
 affiliate : an entity may transfer its right to use a certain piece of software to its affiliate . an affiliate be another entity where at least 50.1 of its 
 voting power be own or control by the transferring entity or where as least 50.1 of the transferring entity 's voting power be own or 
 control by the transferee . 
 merger or acquisition : an entity may transfer its right to use a certain piece of software to the purchaser of all or substantially all of the capital 
 stock of the transferor or all or substantially all of the asset of that portion of the transferor 's business to which those license pertain . 
 lease : in a leasing situation where the original lessee / customer would like to buy out the equipment from the lease company during or at the end 
 of the lease term , the original lessee / customer may retain the license without pay a new license fee , provide lease company give cisco 
 prior write notice . also , if the original lessee / customer default under the lease and the lease company take the equipment back before the 
 end of the lease term , the lease company may transfer the license to the another lessee for the remainder of the original lease term , without 
 pay cisco a license fee , upon 30 day ' prior write notice to cisco , or as soon as practicable if the equipment be re - lease before such 30- day 
 period . if the new lease term be in 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 excess of the original lease term , the lease company be expect to pay cisco a new license fee on or before the expiration date of the original 
 lease term . [ note : in the situation where a lease company lease cisco equipment to customer a for a specified term and at the end of the lease 
 term , the lease company desire to lease the same equipment to customer b , lease company may not transfer the license without obtain a 
 new license from cisco . ) ] . 
 outsource : customer desire to outsource the operation , support and maintenance of its network to a third party ( e.g. ed ) ( " third - party service 
 provider " ) , for the benefit of that customer . as part of the outsourcing , customer transfer all of its right , title and interest to the asset , include 
 certain cisco product and software license , to the third - party service provider . customer may transfer the license to the third - party service 
 provider solely for the purpose of provide service to customer upon 30 day ' prior write notice to cisco . 
 all notice should be send to sw-licensecisco.com or as indicate in the agreement between cisco and the customer or transferor , if any . 
 condition of transfer : 
 transfer , in any event , shall only be allow under the following condition : 
 ◦ 
 the party involve in the transfer be not in breach of the agreement govern the use of the software or any other agreement 
 with cisco; 
 ◦ 
 any additional service or charge incur by cisco as the result of any transfer shall be bear by the transferor and transferee; 
 and 
 ◦ 
 the party involve in the transfer shall provide write prior notice of a permit transfer to cisco and the transferee shall , in a 
 writing to cisco , ( i ) assume all of the obligation of the transferor , and ( ii ) agree that transferee 's use of the software shall be 
 govern by the term of the then - current license agreement between cisco and transferor or , at cisco 's sole discretion , by the 
 term of cisco 's then - current standard license agreement . 
 question ? 
 any question or comment regard this policy should be send to sw-licensecisco.com . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 exhibit g 
 cisco end of life policy 
 product reach the end of their product life cycle for a number of reason . these reason may be due to market demand , technology innovation 
 and development drive change in the product , or the product simply mature over time and be replace by functionally rich technology . 
 while this be an established part of the overall product life cycle , cisco system recognize that end - of - life milestone often prompt company to 
 review the way in which such end - of - sale and end - of - life milestone impact the cisco product in their network . with that in mind , we have set 
 out below cisco 's end - of - life policy to help customer well manage their end - of - life transition and to understand the role that cisco can play in 
 help to migrate to alternative cisco platform and technology . 
 the end of life policy only apply to end of life and end of sale announcement make in all theater on or after november 30 , 2002 for all cisco 
 product line . the policy do not apply to product that be already subject to an end of life and/or end of sale announcement . 
 the general policy guideline be : 
 1 . 
 as a general rule , cisco will provide 6 month ' notice of the affected product 's end - of - sale date and/or the last day when the affected 
 product can be order . this notice will appear on cisco.com site ( http://www.cisco.com/en/us/products/prod_end_of_life.html ) and we 
 encourage you to visit this site regularly as it contain useful information regard cisco 's end - of - life program . sign up to receive 
 notification here : http://www.cisco.com/pcgi-bin/support/fieldnoticetool/field-notice 
 2 . 
 access to cisco 's technical assistance center ( tac ) will be available 24 hour a day , seven day a week for a period of 5 year from the 
 end - of - sale date for hardware and operating system software issue and for a period of 3 year from the end - of - sale date for application 
 software issue . 
 3 . 
 spare or replacement part for hardware will be available for a period of 5 year from the end - of​ sale date . we will provide spare and 
 replacement part in accordance with our return material authorization ( rma ) process . 
 4 . 
 software support will be as follow 
 a. 
 for the first year follow the end - of - sale date , we will provide bug fix , maintenance release , workaround , or patch for 
 critical bug report via the tac or cisco.com web site . 
 b. 
 after the first year and for operating system sw -where available- we will provide bug fix , maintenance release , workaround 
 or patch for a period of 4 year for operating system software . bear in mind that it may be necessary to use software upgrade 
 release to correct a report problem . 
 c. 
 after the first year and for application sw -where available - we will provide bug fix , maintenance release , workaround or 
 patch for a period of 2 year for application software . bear in mind that it may be necessary to use software upgrade release to 
 correct a report problem . 
 5 . 
 you will need to ensure that you have a current and fully pay support contract with cisco . please contact your support account 
 manager regard fee payable during the end - of - life period so that we can support you right through the end - of - life transition period . 
 6 . 
 below be guideline that should be follow to ensure that you receive effective support for the affected product within your network : 
 a. 
 for hardware or software that be not cover under a service contract , customer may add the product(s ) to a current contract or 
 purchase a new contract until 12 month after the end - of - sale date . 
 b. 
 service contract that have not be renew or have lapse after 12 month of end - of​ sale date be not re - newable . 
 c. 
 renewal of your service contract will generally be available until the last year of support , but will not extend 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019 
 exhibit 10.38 
 beyond the last date of support . 
 the end - of - life milestone and cisco commitment be present in table 1 . 
 table 1 . standard guideline for end - of - life milestone 
 milestone 
 - 6 mos 
 day 0 
 1 year 
 2 year 
 3 year 
 4 year 
 5 year 
 end - of - sale 
 date 
 end - of - sale notice period 
 operating system software maintenance 
 support 
 see 4(a ) 
 see 4(b ) 
 above 
 add or attach new service contract 
 renew service contract - for hw & 
 operating system sw 
 hardware repair or replacement 
 customer service and support of hw & 
 operating system sw ( tac access & 
 support ) 
 application software maintenance support 
 see 4(a ) 
 see 4(c ) 
 above 
 renew service contract - for application 
 sw 
 here be an explanation of some of the term that we have use in this notice : 
 end of product life cycle : a process that guide the final business operation associate with the product life cycle . the end - of - life process 
 consist of a series of technical and business milestone and activity that , once complete , make a product obsolete . once obsolete , the product 
 be not sell , manufacture , improve , repair , maintain , or support . 
 end - of - sale date : the last date to order the product through cisco point - of - sale mechanism . the product be no long for sale . 
 hardware : the physical product and its physical component . 
 operating system software : cisco operating system software that run on cisco hardware application software : cisco software that require the 
 presence of some non - cisco operating system software . 
 software maintenance support : the time period that cisco may release any software maintenance release or bug fix to the software product . 
 after this date , cisco engineering will no long develop , repair , maintain , or test the product software . 
 source : scansource , inc . , 10 - k , 8/22/2019