exhibit 10.12 
 exclusive distributor agreement 
 this exclusive distributor agreement ( this " agreement " ) be make and enter into as of the 12th 
 day of november , 2019 ( the " effective date " ) , by and among water now , inc . , a texas corporation ( " water now " ) , 
 hydraspin usa , inc . , a texas corporation and a subsidiary of water now ( the " subsidiary , " and collectively with water 
 now , " hydraspin " ) and bestev management , llc , a texas limited liability company ( " distributor " ) . hydraspin 
 and distributor be sometimes hereinafter refer to individually as a " party " and collectively as the " party . " 
 recital : 
 a. hydraspin hold the exclusive distribution right in the united states of america for certain commercial oil and gas 
 product , and the associated technology , use to separate and remove hydrocarbon from natural and inject water involve in the 
 extraction process . 
 b. hydraspin desire to appoint distributor , and distributor desire to be appoint , as the exclusive distributor of product of 
 hydraspin in the territory ( as define below ) , pursuant to the term and condition of this agreement . 
 now , therefore , in consideration of the premise and the mutual promise and covenant herein contain , and for 
 other good and valuable consideration , the receipt and sufficiency of which be hereby acknowledge , the party hereby agree as 
 follow : 
 article i. 
 definition 
 1.1 for purpose of this agreement , the follow term , where write with an initial capital letter , shall have the meaning 
 assign to they in this article I unless the context otherwise require : 
 " affiliate " mean an individual or legal entity that directly or indirectly , through one or more intermediary , control 
 or be control by , or be under common control with , another person . the term " control " as utilize herein mean the 
 possession , directly or indirectly , of the power to direct or cause direction of the management and policy of a person , 
 whether through management , ownership , by contract , or otherwise; provide , however , in no event shall hydraspin be 
 deem an affiliate of the distributor . 
 " change of control " mean the sale , conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the asset of hydraspin , 
 the effectuation by hydraspin of a transaction or series of transaction in which more than 50 of the voting power of 
 hydraspin be dispose of , or any consolidation , merger or other business combination of hydraspin with or into any other 
 person or person where hydraspin be not the survivor . 
 " customer " mean any person that be a customer of the distributor and any affiliate of distributor that have an 
 interest in or ultimately utilize the product ( as define below ) . 
 " distributor share " mean , with respect to net revenue , the percentage of net revenue that the distributor be 
 entitle to receive , as follow : ( i ) for the first ten ( 10 ) product instal , 7.5 of net revenue , and ( ii ) for the eleventh ( 11th ) 
 product instal and all product instal thereafter , 15 of net revenue . notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
 contain herein , the 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 distributor share with respect to the split of net revenue between hydraspin and the distributor with respect to any 
 particular production installation or group product installation may be negotiate by hydraspin and the distributor and set 
 forth in a separate write agreement between the party , and in such case , the distributor share set forth in the separate 
 write agreement shall supersede and control over the distributor share set forth above . 
 " governmental entity " mean any and all federal , state or local government , governmental institution , public 
 authority and any other governmental entity of any nature whatsoever , and any subdivision or instrumentality thereof , 
 include , but not limit to , department , board , bureau and panel , and any division or instrumentality thereof , whether 
 permanent or ad hoc and whether now or hereafter constitute or exist . 
 " hydraspin share " mean , with respect to net revenue , the percentage of net revenue that hydraspin be entitle 
 to receive , as follow : ( i ) for the first ten ( 10 ) product instal , 92.5 of net revenue , and ( ii ) for the eleventh ( 11th ) 
 product instal and all product instal thereafter , 85 of net revenue . notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
 contain herein , the hydraspin share with respect to the split of net revenue between hydraspin and the distributor with 
 respect to any particular production installation or group product installation may be negotiate by hydraspin and the 
 distributor and set forth in a separate write agreement between the party , and in such case , the hydraspin share set forth 
 in the separate write agreement shall supersede and control over the hydraspin share set forth above . 
 " hydrocarbon " mean and include oil , gas , casinghead gas , condensate , natural gas liquid , and all component of 
 the foregoing . 
 " law " mean any constitution , law , ordinance , principle of common law , regulation , order , statute or treaty of or 
 issue by any governmental entity . 
 " loss " mean any damage , deficiency , penalty , fine , cost , amount pay in settlement , liability , obligation , tax , loss , 
 expense or fee , include court cost and reasonable attorney ’ fee and expense . 
 " mark " mean mean the trademark(s ) , service mark(s ) and/or logo(s ) applicable to each product and own by 
 either hydraspin or african horizon technology ( pty ) ltd ( " aht " ) . 
 " net revenue " mean the gross revenue derive from the sale of the hydrocarbon result from the product , 
 less ( i ) the share of gross revenue due to the customer under the agreement between the customer and the distributor or 
 any affiliate of the distributor , which be generally 50 , but may be great or less than 50 , and ( ii ) ordinary and customary 
 cost , expense and fee that be deduct from the gross revenue . 
 " person " mean natural person , corporation , venture , limited liability company , partnership , trust and all other 
 entity and organization . 
 " performance benchmark " shall mean the following requirement necessary for distributor to maintain the 
 exclusivity grant in section 2.1 hereof : ( a ) the execution of contract to deploy product in 25 new location approve in 
 advance by hydraspin ( " customer location " ) during each 12 month period follow the effective date and ( b ) all 
 customer location in the aggregate shall generate an average of 7,500 barrel of fluid per day on a trail 12 month basis . 
 customer location must be available for installation within 90 day of approval by hydraspin to be apply toward the 
 satisfaction of the performance benchmark . all customer location in excess of 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 25 secure during an applicable 12 month period shall be credit toward the satisfaction of the performance benchmark for 
 the subsequent 12 month period . 
 if this agreement be extend beyond the initial term , as hereinafter define , the number of customer location to 
 be secure to maintain exclusivity during the pendency of the agreement shall be increase to 50 from 25 . 
 " product " shall mean , collectively , ( i ) the product list on exhibit a attach hereto , as such exhibit may be 
 amend from time to time by the party , ( ii ) all modification , alteration , improvement , upgrade , and replacement to the 
 product list on exhibit " a " , now exist and exist in the future , and ( iii ) all other product , now exist and exist in 
 the future , distribute by hydraspin or any affiliate thereof that perform substantially the same function as the product 
 list on exhibit " a " , now exist and exist in the future . 
 " revenue event " mean any payment in cash , or by check or wire transfer result from the sale of hydrocarbon 
 to oil and gas company or other third party , due to the use of one or more product to separate such hydrocarbon from 
 water during the extraction of such hydrocarbon from the earth . 
 " support service " shall mean ( a ) promptly respond to all inquiry from customer , ( b ) service the product , 
 ( c ) educate customer how to properly use and maintain the product , ( d ) liaising between customer , distributor and 
 hydraspin , ( d ) distribute instruction for use , and any update thereto , of each product , and ( e ) any other related service 
 perform for or on behalf of customer . 
 " territory " shall mean the geographic territory describe on exhibit b attach hereto , as such exhibit may be 
 amend from time to time by the party . 
 1.2 other definition . in addition to the term define in section 1.1 hereof , certain other term be define elsewhere in this 
 agreement , and whenever such term be use in this agreement , they shall have their respective define meaning , unless the 
 context expressly or by necessary implication otherwise require . 
 article ii . 
 appointment 
 2.1 exclusivity and territory . hydraspin hereby appoint distributor , and distributor hereby accept appointment , as 
 hydraspin ’s exclusive distributor of the product in the territory during the term of this agreement , subject to the term and 
 condition of this agreement , include , but not limit to , the satisfaction of the performance benchmark . the territory may be 
 amend with the mutual agreement of both party from time to time to add or delete geographic territory by amend exhibit b 
 attach hereto . if hydraspin desire to enter a new territory in the united states , hydraspin will offer distributor the first 
 opportunity to become the exclusive distributor for the new territory . if the party be unable to reach an agreement on the term of 
 exclusivity within ten ( 10 ) business day of the date the opportunity be present to distributor , hydraspin shall have no obligation to 
 enter into a contract with distributor regard the new territory . in the event the distributor lose exclusivity on a territory due to 
 not meet performance benchmark , the distributor shall maintain exclusivity on any and all exist product that be in the field 
 and operate at they time exclusivity if forfeit . 
 2.2 sale outside the territory . distributor shall be entitle to advertise , promote , market or 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 solicit any customer that have a business presence outside the territory , except that distributor shall not conduct solicitation 
 activity in any outside territory where hydraspin be bind to an exclusive distributor agreement with a third party , provide that 
 hydraspin have notify distributor in writing of its arrangement with the other distributor and of the territory which be subject to 
 exclusivity in favor of the other distributor . 
 2.3 noncircumvention . hydraspin certifie , stipulate , and agree that the hydraspin will deal exclusively with and through 
 the distributor in relation to the distribution of the product in the territory . hydraspin will not in any way or in any capacity , either 
 directly or indirectly ( include without limitation act by , with or through one or more person in which the hydraspin have an 
 interest and/or with whom hydraspin have a relationship ): except pursuant to an agreement with the distributor , ( a ) contact , approach 
 or negotiate with any customer outside of the distributor , or ( b ) contact , approach or negotiate with any person other than the 
 distributor and its representative on any matter with respect to the product , without the prior write consent of the distributor . 
 hydraspin agree that the hydraspin will not , in any manner , directly or indirectly , circumvent or attempt to circumvent this 
 agreement , include , without limitation , forming , join , or in any way participate in any person or otherwise act in concert with 
 any person , for the purpose of take any action in circumvention of this agreement or which be restrict or prohibit under this 
 agreement . 
 article iii . 
 general obligation 
 3.1 marketing . distributor shall use its commercially reasonable effort to further the advertising , promotion , marketing , 
 distribution and sale of the product throughout the territory . 
 3.2 support service . hydraspin shall install all product and train distributor to provide necessary maintenance of the 
 product . follow installation and necessary training , distributor shall provide any and all necessary and appropriate support 
 service to customer in the territory . hydraspin , if request and the nature of the request be reasonable , shall assist distributor in 
 provide support service to the customer in the territory . 
 3.3 license . hydraspin shall obtain such authorization , license , permit , and other governmental or regulatory agency 
 approval , if any , as be require for the distribution and sale of the product in the territory . distributor will incur no liability arise 
 from hydraspin ’s possession , or lack of possession , of such requisite governmental authorization and approval . 
 3.4 proprietary right . distributor will not modify or remove any trademark , copyright and other notice of proprietary right 
 include by aht or hydraspin on the product . 
 article iv . 
 product and inventory 
 4.1 product . hydraspin reserve the right , from time to time and in its sole discretion , to modify , alter , change , or improve 
 any or all of the product cover by this agreement; provide , that this agreement shall continue to apply to all product in their 
 alter , change or improve state . hydraspin shall promptly send distributor write notice of any modification , alteration , change or 
 improvement to any product . 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 4.2 unauthorized sale of product . if during the term of this agreement , hydraspin have actual knowledge of any 
 unauthorized sale of any of the product in the territory , hydraspin shall take commercially reasonable action as soon as reasonably 
 possible to bring such selling activity to an end . 
 4.3 product adulteration . distributor shall not modify , alter and/or change any product as provide by hydraspin without the 
 prior write consent of hydraspin . 
 4.4 supply of product . hydraspin shall use its commercially reasonable effort to supply the product as provide in this 
 agreement . in the event that the demand for any product exceed hydraspin ’s delivery capability , hydraspin shall exercise a good 
 faith effort to allocate available product production resource on a pro rata basis so that distributor will receive product in the same 
 ratio as distributor ’s purchase of such product during the period contemplate by the purchase order bear to hydraspin ’s total 
 distribution of such product during such period . 
 4.5 regulatory approval . hydraspin shall be responsible , at its sole expense , for obtain all require approval , notice , 
 filing and application for product in the territory under all applicable law and shall own all regulatory approval with respect to 
 product . distributor shall have the right to rely on all such approval , notice , filing and application in the territory to the extent 
 necessary to perform its obligation hereunder . hydraspin shall be responsible for undertake all activity require under all 
 applicable law in the territory . if any separate regulatory approval be require to be make by distributor , hydraspin shall assist 
 distributor in obtain such regulatory approval . 
 4.6 product information . hydraspin will , at its sole cost and to the extent it be available from the manufacturer of the product , 
 furnish distributor with a reasonable supply of sale and technical information , literature and other marketing material regard 
 hydraspin and the product in order to aid distributor in effectively carry out its activity under this agreement . 
 4.7 problem identification . during the term of this agreement , distributor shall provide hydraspin with write notice of any 
 claim or legal proceeding in the territory involve any of the product promptly after distributor have actual knowledge of such claim 
 or legal proceeding . likewise , during the term of this agreement , hydraspin shall provide distributor with write notice of any claim 
 or legal proceeding in the territory involve any of the product promptly after hydraspin have actual knowledge of such claim or 
 legal proceeding . distributor will also keep hydraspin inform as to any problem encounter with any of the product . hydraspin 
 will repair or replace all defective or damaged product at the time of delivery at its sole cost and expense . 
 article v. 
 order and delivery 
 5.1 order . distributor shall order product from hydraspin by submit purchase order and an installation plan identify 
 the number(s ) and type(s ) of product order , the request delivery date(s ) ( each , an " order " ) . the request delivery date shall 
 be no less than 120 day from the date the order be accept by hydraspin . hydraspin will not unreasonably reject any order for 
 product . hydraspin will accept or reject each order submit by distributor within ten ( 10 ) day after receipt of the order . any 
 order not expressly reject by hydraspin within such ten ( 10 ) day period shall be deem accept by hydraspin . notwithstanding 
 the foregoing , distributor may cancel any order for product that be not deliver within sixty ( 60 ) day after the delivery date 
 specify therein . 
 5.2 delivery; storage; risk of loss . hydraspin shall use commercially reasonable effort to deliver product to customer 
 by the delivery date specify in distributor ’s order . product shall be 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 deliver directly to the customer . all cost and expense of shipping , freight , delivery , transportation and storage , include , without 
 limitation , insurance cover the product during transportation and while store at any facility will be bear solely by hydraspin and 
 the distributor shall not be liable therefor . risk of loss shall be bear entirely by hydraspin , even while product be in the possession 
 or control of distributor or any customer , and the distributor and the customer shall not be liable therefor , except solely in the case of 
 distributor ’s or any customer ’s intentional misconduct or gross negligence . hydraspin may request distributor to store product at 
 distributor ’s facility , and distributor shall use commercially reasonable effort to accommodate hydraspin ’s storage requests; 
 provide , that hydraspin shall bear the full risk of loss with respect to product store at distributor ’s facility and distributor shall not 
 be liable therefor , except solely in the case of distributor ’s intentional misconduct or gross negligence . 
 article vi . 
 net revenue and report 
 6.1 no cost . hydraspin shall provide the product to distributor ’s customer at no cost to distributor or the customer , 
 except solely for the hydraspin share of net revenue , which shall be due and payable to hydraspin as set forth in this article vi . 
 likewise , hydraspin shall install , service and maintain the product , with the commercially reasonable assistance of distributor , at no 
 cost to distributor or the customer except solely for the hydraspin share of net revenue , which shall be due and payable to 
 hydraspin as set forth in this article vi . 
 6.2 net revenue . with respect to each revenue event , distributor shall be entitle to receive the distributor share of net 
 revenue , and hydraspin shall be entitle to receive the hydraspin share of net revenue . hydraspin and the distributor will 
 cooperate to ensure that the party each receive the correct percentage of net revenue . if hydraspin receive any payment in 
 excess of the hydraspin share , then hydraspin agree to remit promptly to the distributor such excess amount . likewise , if the 
 distributor receive any payment or in excess of the distributor share , then the distributor agree to remit promptly to hydraspin 
 such excess amount . 
 6.3 calculation of net revenue . the party hereto acknowledge and agree that the net revenue be determine , in part , by 
 the method under which the hydrocarbon be measure , that such method differ from customer to customer , and be outside of 
 the control of the party . likewise , the party hereto acknowledge and agree that the timing of receipt of net revenue be outside of 
 the control of the party . no party shall be liable to another party as a result of any loss sustain by such party result from 
 the measurement of hydrocarbon and the result net revenue derive from the product or the timing of receipt of a party ’s 
 share of net revenue . 
 6.4 record . during the term of this agreement and for any additional time period thereafter require by applicable law , 
 distributor shall maintain complete and accurate book and record relate to the product , include , without limitation , the name 
 and address of customer , the location of the product , the sale of hydrocarbon relate to the product , the net revenue , the 
 hydraspin share of net revenue , and the distributor share of net revenue . during the term of this agreement , distributor shall 
 afford to hydraspin and its authorized representative full access at all reasonable time and upon reasonable prior notice , to all such 
 book and record with respect to the product . 
 article vii . 
 representation and warranty 
 7.1 representation of hydraspin . hydraspin represent and warrant to distributor as follow : 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 ( a ) due organization , existence and authority . hydraspin ( i ) be duly organize , validly exist and in good standing 
 under the law of its jurisdiction of organization , and ( ii ) have full power and authority to own its property , carry on its 
 business as presently conduct and as propose to be conduct , and to enter into and perform its obligation under this 
 agreement . 
 ( b ) authorization . the execution and delivery by hydraspin of this agreement and the other document relate thereto 
 and the full and timely performance of all obligation thereunder have be duly authorize by all necessary action under the 
 constituent document of hydraspin and otherwise . 
 ( c ) valid , binding and enforceable . this have be duly and validly execute , issue and deliver by hydraspin and 
 constitute the valid and legally bind obligation of hydraspin , enforceable in accordance with its term , except as limit 
 by bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization or other similar law relate to or affect enforcement of creditor ’s right . 
 ( d ) no violation . the execution , delivery and performance by hydraspin of this agreement do not and will not ( i ) 
 contravene the constituent document of hydraspin , ( ii ) contravene any law , rule or regulation , or any order , writ , judgment , 
 injunction or decree or any contractual restriction bind on or affect hydraspin or the product , and ( iii ) require any 
 approval or consent of any general partner , board , manager , member , lender or any other person or entity , other than 
 approval or consent that have be previously obtain and disclose in write to the distributor , [ include , without 
 limitation , the consent of aht . ] no authorization or approval or other action by , and no notice to or file with , any 
 governmental authority be require for the due execution , delivery and performance by hydraspin of this agreement , other 
 than approval or consent that have be previously obtain and disclose in write to the distributor . 
 7.2 representation of distributor . distributor represent and warrant to hydraspin as follow : 
 ( a ) due organization , existence and authority . distributor ( i ) be duly organize , validly exist and in good standing 
 under the law of its jurisdiction of organization , and ( ii ) have full power and authority to own its property , carry on its 
 business as presently conduct and as propose to be conduct , and to enter into and perform its obligation under this 
 agreement . 
 ( b ) authorization . the execution and delivery by distributor of this agreement and the other document relate 
 thereto and the full and timely performance of all obligation thereunder have be duly authorize by all necessary action 
 under the constituent document of distributor and otherwise . 
 ( c ) valid , binding and enforceable . this have be duly and validly execute , issue and deliver by distributor and 
 constitute the valid and legally bind obligation of distributor , enforceable in accordance with its term , except as limit 
 by bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization or other similar law relate to or affect enforcement of creditor ’s right . 
 ( d ) no violation . the execution , delivery and performance by distributor of this agreement do not and will not ( i ) 
 contravene the constituent document of distributor , ( ii ) contravene any law , rule or regulation , or any order , writ , judgment , 
 injunction or decree or any contractual restriction bind on or affect distributor , or ( iii ) require any approval or consent of 
 any general partner , board , manager , member , lender or any other person or entity , other than approval or consent that have 
 be previously obtain and disclose in write to the hydraspin . 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 no authorization or approval or other action by , and no notice to or file with , any governmental authority be require for the 
 due execution , delivery and performance by distributor of this agreement , other than approval or consent that have be 
 previously obtain and disclose in write to hydraspin . 
 article viii . 
 intellectual property right 
 8.1 limited grant . hydraspin hereby grant to distributor an exclusive non - transferable and royalty - free right and license to 
 use hydraspin ’s mark in connection with the advertising , promotion , marketing , distribution and sale of the product in the territory 
 in accordance with hydraspin ’s standard and instruction . distributor shall acquire no right , title or interest in or to the mark , other 
 than the above license , and distributor shall not use any mark as part of distributor ’s corporate or trade name or permit any third 
 person or party to do so without the prior write consent of hydraspin . 
 8.2 notice of infringement . distributor shall notify hydraspin in writing of any and all infringement of the intellectual 
 property relate to the product in the territory that may come to distributor ’s attention , and distributor shall assist hydraspin in 
 take such action against such infringement as hydraspin in its sole discretion may decide; provide , however , that hydraspin shall 
 bear any and all expense and cost incident to such action . 
 8.3 termination of use . distributor acknowledge hydraspin ’s proprietary right in and to the intellectual property relate to 
 the product , and distributor waif in favor of hydraspin all right to the intellectual property relate to the product , include any 
 addition to the intellectual property hereafter originate by hydraspin or aht . distributor shall not adopt , use or register any word , 
 phrase or symbol which be identical to or confusingly similar to any of the mark . upon termination of this agreement , 
 distributor shall immediately cease use the mark . 
 8.4 ownership . except for the limited right expressly grant herein by hydraspin to distributor , nothing in this agreement 
 will serve to transfer to distributor any patent , copyright , trademark or other intellectual property right in or to any product , the 
 mark , or other intellectual property own or claim by hydraspin or aht . distributor acknowledge and agree that hydraspin or 
 aht have sole right , title and interest in and to all intellectual property right cover , claim or associate with the product , the 
 mark and all goodwill associate therewith . 
 8.5 maintenance of intellectual property right . during the term of this agreement , hydraspin shall be responsible for 
 maintaining , at hydraspin ’s sole cost and expense , any and all intellectual property right relate to the product , include , without 
 limitation , ( i ) patent and patent application , and any and all division , continuation , continuation - in - part , reissue , continue patent 
 application , reexamination , and extension thereof ( iii ) trademark and service mark , trade name , trade dress , and logos; and ( iii ) 
 copyright and other work of authorship . 
 article ix . 
 confidential and/or proprietary information 
 9.1 confidentiality . each party acknowledge that in the course of perform its respective duty under this agreement , 
 such party may obtain information relate to the other party , which be of a 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 confidential or proprietary nature ( " confidential information " ) . each party agree not to use such other party ’s confidential 
 information , either directly or indirectly , for any purpose other than as require for performance of such party ’s obligation hereunder . 
 such confidential information may include but be not limit to copyright , trade secret or other proprietary information , technique , 
 process , schematic , software source document , pricing and discount list and schedule , customer list , contract term , customer 
 lead , financial information , sale and marketing plan , and information regard the responsibility , skill and compensation of 
 employee . title to confidential information shall remain with the owner of the confidential information at all time . each party 
 agree to treat the confidential information with at least the degree of care and protection with which it treat its own confidential 
 information , but in any event with no less than reasonable care and protection , and to use the confidential information only for the 
 purpose set forth in this agreement . except as otherwise require by law , applicable regulation or the term of this agreement or as 
 mutually agree upon by the party hereto , each party shall treat as confidential the term and condition of this agreement . 
 notwithstanding anything contain in this agreement to the contrary , confidential information shall not include information 
 that : 
 ( a ) be or become available to the public other than through a disclosure in breach hereof by the receive party or 
 any of its representatives; 
 ( b ) be in the possession of the receive party or its representative prior to the effective date; 
 ( c ) be communicate by the disclosing party to an unaffiliated third party free of any obligation of confidentiality , 
 and the unaffiliated third party communicate the confidential information to the receive party or its representatives; 
 ( d ) become available to the receive party or its representative from a source other than the disclosing party , 
 provide , that such source be not know to the receive party or its representative to have make such information available 
 in violation of an obligation of confidentiality owe to the disclosing party; or 
 ( e ) be independently develop by or on behalf of a party or its representative without use of the confidential 
 information of the other party . 
 9.2 nondisclosure . each party agree not to disclose or otherwise make such confidential information available to third party 
 without the other party ’s prior write consent . each party agree that it will take appropriate action by instruction , agreement , or 
 otherwise with such party ’s employee to satisfy its obligation under this agreement with respect to the use , copying , modification , 
 protection , and security of confidential information . nothing in this section prohibit any disclosure require by applicable law , a valid 
 court order or subpoena; provide , that the disclosing party give the other party prior notice of , and if possible a reasonable 
 opportunity to contest , such require disclosure . 
 9.3 return of confidential information . each party will promptly return all confidential information to the other party upon 
 expiration or termination of this agreement , or upon receipt by such party of write notice from the other party request return of 
 such confidential information . such confidential information shall be return promptly and the non - disclosing party shall not retain 
 any document or material or copy thereof contain any confidential information . 
 9.4 injunctive relief . any breach of the restriction contain in this article ix be a breach of this 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 agreement that may cause irreparable harm to a party and as such each party be entitle to injunctive relief to enforce this agreement 
 without the need to post bond and that such relief shall be , in addition to , and not in lieu of , any monetary damage or other legal or 
 equitable remedy that may be available . 
 article x. 
 term and termination 
 10.1 term . the initial term of this agreement shall commence on the effective date and end on the five ( 5 ) year anniversary 
 of the effective date ( the " initial term " ) , unless soon terminate pursuant to the term hereof . upon expiration of the initial term of 
 this agreement , this agreement will automatically renew for additional , successive five ( 5 ) year period unless either party provide the 
 other party write notice of its desire to terminate at least one hundred twenty ( 120 ) day prior to the end of the initial term or any 
 renewal . 
 10.2 termination . this agreement may be terminate as follow : 
 ( a ) in the event that the party mutually determine that the arrangement contemplate by this agreement be no 
 long in the good interest of the party or the party be not otherwise compatible , the party may at any time , by mutual 
 write agreement , terminate this agreement . 
 ( b ) immediately upon the occurrence of any of the follow event and effective upon delivery of notice : 
 ( 1 ) by hydraspin , if distributor cease to do business , or otherwise terminate distributor ’s business 
 operations; 
 ( 2 ) by distributor , if hydraspin cease to do business , or otherwise terminate hydraspin ’s business 
 operations; 
 ( 3 ) by hydraspin , if distributor fail to satisfy the performance thresholds; 
 ( 4 ) by either party , if any representation by the other party make in this agreement be false or misleading in 
 any material respect when made; 
 ( 5 ) by distributor , if hydraspin fail to secure or renew any license , permit , authorization , or approval for the 
 conduct of hydraspin ’s business or the distribution of the product or if any such license , permit , authorization , or 
 approval be revoke or suspend provide that such failure , revocation or suspension result in hydraspin ’s failure or 
 inability to perform substantially all of its obligation hereunder; 
 ( 6 ) by either party , if the other party engage in fraud , criminal / negligent conduct in connection with this 
 agreement or the business relationship of the party or if the other party make any material false representation , 
 report , or claim in connection with this agreement or any product; 
 ( 7 ) by either party , if the other party breach any of its obligation under this agreement and such violation 
 be not cure to the satisfaction of the non - breaching party within thirty ( 30 ) day after write notice be give from the 
 non - breaching party to the breach party; 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 ( 8) by either party , if hydraspin undergo a change of control; or 
 ( 9 ) by either party , if such other party seek protection under any bankruptcy , receivership , trustee , creditor 
 arrangement , composition , or comparable proceeding , or if any such proceeding be institute against such other party . 
 10.3 effect of termination . 
 ( a ) termination or expiration of this agreement will not relieve either party of any obligation incur 
 hereunder prior to such termination or expiration . each party will be entitle to cancel any outstanding order , to the extent 
 product have not be deliver . hydraspin shall be entitle to retrieve its product from the customer at its sole cost and 
 expense . 
 ( b ) if termination be the result of a change of control , distributor shall be entitle to receive a onetime 
 payment , within three ( 3 ) business day of the effective date of the change of control , equal to the great of the follow 1 ) 
 the aggregate amount of the distributor share receive during the 18 month prior to the effective date of such change of 
 control or 2 ) the aggregate amount of the distributor share receive on the 30 day prior to the effective date of such change 
 of control multiply by 18 . 
 ( c ) neither party will incur liability for any loss of any kind suffer or incur by the other party arise 
 from or incident to termination of this agreement by such party as permit by this article x. 
 article xi . 
 miscellaneous 
 11.1 notice . 
 ( a ) manner of notice . all notice , request and other communication under this agreement shall be in writing ( include in 
 portable document format ( or similar format ) deliver by email transmission ) and shall be deem to have be duly give if 
 deliver personally , or send by either certify or registered mail , return receipt request , postage prepay , or by overnight courier 
 guarantee next day delivery , or by email transmission , address as follow : 
 ( i ) if to hydraspin : 
 water now , inc . 
 hydraspin usa , inc . 
 5000 south freeway , suite 110 
 fort worth , texas 76115 
 attn : david king 
 email : dkingwaternowinc.com 
 or at such other address or email address as hydraspin may have advise distributor in writing; and 
 ( ii ) if to distributor : 
 bestev management , llc 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 attn : 
 email : 
 or at such other address or email address as distributor may have advise hydraspin in writing . 
 ( b ) deem delivery . all such notice , request and other communication shall be deem to have be receive ( i ) on the 
 date of delivery thereof , if deliver by hand , ( ii ) on the fifth day after the mailing thereof , if mail , ( iii ) on the next business day after 
 the sending thereof , if send by overnight courier , ( iv ) on the day of send , if send by email transmission prior to 5:00 p.m. on any 
 business day , or ( v ) on the next business day , if send by email transmission after 5:00 p.m. on any business day or on any day other 
 than a business day . 
 11.2 waiver and amendment . no amendment or waiver of any provision of this agreement , nor consent to any departure 
 therefrom , shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and sign by a duly authorize officer of each of the party , and 
 then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which give . no failure on 
 the part of a party hereto to exercise , and no delay in exercise , any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any 
 single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right . the 
 remedy provide in this agreement be cumulative and not exclusive of any remedy provide by law . 
 11.3 assignment . neither party may assign any right , or delegate any duty under this agreement , in whole or in part , without 
 the prior write consent of the other party , which shall not be unreasonably withhold or delay . any attempt assignment without 
 such consent shall be void and of no effect . notwithstanding anything contain in this section to the contrary , hydraspin may assign 
 this agreement upon write notice to distributor to any entity which control , be control by or under common control with 
 hydraspin or to any successor to or purchaser of all or substantially all of its asset or stock , by merger or otherwise . 
 11.4 force majeure . the obligation of the party under this agreement shall be suspend to the extent that a party be 
 hinder or prevent from comply therewith because of labor disturbance ( include strike or lockout ) , war , act of god , 
 terrorism , fire , storm , accident , governmental regulation or any other cause whatsoever reasonably beyond a party ’s reasonable 
 control . for so long as such circumstance prevail , the party whose performance be delay or hinder shall continue to use all 
 commercially reasonable effort to recommence performance without delay . 
 11.5 relationship of party . each party hereto shall be , and at all time will remain , an independent contractor and will not 
 represent itself to be the agent , joint venturer , or partner of the other party or relate to such party . no representation will be make 
 or act do by either party which would establish any apparent relationship of agency , joint venture or partnership . nothing herein be 
 intend or may be construe to create any employer / employee relationship between the party . 
 11.6 bind effect . this agreement shall be bind upon and inure to the benefit of the party and their respective 
 successor and permit assign . 
 11.7 exhibit . the exhibit attach hereto or refer to herein be incorporate herein and make a part hereof for all 
 purpose . as use herein , the expression " this agreement " mean this document and such exhibit . 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 11.8 governing law . this agreement , and the right and obligation of the party , 
 shall be govern by and construe and enforce in accordance with the substantive 
 law of the state of texas , u.s.a . without regard to its principle of conflict of law . 
 11.9 arbitration . the party shall use their respective good effort to settle amicably any dispute , difference or 
 controversy arise between the party out of or in connection with or in respect of this agreement . however , if not so settle , then 
 the same shall be submit to arbitration and , to the full extent permit by law , be solely and finally settle by confidential binding 
 arbitration , except as specifically provide otherwise herein . the confidential arbitration proceeding shall be hold in collin county , 
 texas and shall be conduct in accordance with the alternative dispute resolution rule of the american arbitration association . the 
 arbitration proceeding shall be hold before a single arbitrator unless ( i ) the matter in controversy exceed five hundred thousand 
 dollar ( 500,000 ) , ( ii ) the party can not agree on the arbitrator , or ( iii ) either party request a panel of three ( 3 ) arbitrator . 
 judgment upon the award render by the arbitrator may be enter in any court have jurisdiction , or application may be make to 
 such court for a judicial acceptance of the award and any order of enforcement as the case may be . the arbitrator shall not award 
 any party punitive , exemplary , multiplied or consequential damage , and each party hereby irrevocably waive any right to seek such 
 damage in arbitration or in judicial proceeding . each party shall bear its own cost in the arbitration , and the fee and expense of 
 the arbitration shall be share equally by the party . notwithstanding the foregoing , the arbitrator shall have the right and authority to 
 apportion among the party all reasonable cost , include attorney ’ fee and witness fee , take into account the relative fault of 
 the party . the foregoing provision of this section 11.9 do not limit the right of a party to seek injunctive or other equitable relief 
 from a court of competent jurisdiction pende resolution of a dispute by arbitration . 
 11.10 jurisdiction and venue . subject to the arbitration provision set forth in section 11.10 , any judicial proceeding bring by 
 or against either of the party on any dispute arise out of this agreement or any matter relate thereto shall be bring in any 
 federal or state court sit or have jurisdiction in the county of collin , state of texas , and by execution and delivery of this 
 agreement , each party hereby accept for itself the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid court as trial court , and 
 irrevocably agree to be bind by any final non - appealable judgment render in connection with this agreement . 
 11.11 number and gender . whenever herein the singular number be use , the same shall include the plural where appropriate , 
 and word of any gender shall include each other gender where appropriate . 
 11.12 caption . the caption , heading and arrangement use in this agreement be for convenience only and do not in any 
 way affect , limit or amplify the provision hereof . 
 11.13 invalid provision . if any provision of this agreement be hold to be illegal , invalid or unenforceable under present or 
 future law effective during the term hereof , such provision shall be fully severable , this agreement shall be construe and enforce 
 as if such illegal , invalid or unenforceable provision have never comprise a part hereof , and the remain provision of this 
 agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affect by the illegal , invalid or unenforceable provision or its 
 severance from this agreement . furthermore , in lieu of such illegal , invalid or unenforceable provision , there shall be add 
 automatically as part hereof a provision as similar in term , but in any event no more restrictive than , such illegal , invalid or 
 unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal , valid and enforceable . 
 11.14 entirety . this agreement and the document execute and deliver pursuant hereto , execute on the date hereof or in 
 connection herewith , contain the entire agreement between the party with 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 respect to the matter address herein and supersede all prior representation , inducement , promise or agreement , oral or 
 otherwise , which be not embody herein or therein . 
 11.15 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in multiple counterpart , each of which shall be deem an original for 
 all purpose and all of which shall be deem collectively to be one agreement . signature give by facsimile or portable document 
 format ( or similar format ) shall be bind and effective to the same extent as original signature . 
 11.16 third party beneficiary . nothing contain herein , express or imply , be intend to confer upon any person or entity 
 other than the party and their respective successor in interest and permit assign any right or remedy under or by reason of 
 this agreement . 
 11.17 interpretation . this agreement have be prepare in the english language which language shall be control in all 
 respect . 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 in witness whereof , the party have cause their authorized representative to execute this agreement as of the 
 date first set forth above . 
 water now : water now , inc . 
 by : 
 name : david king 
 title : chief executive officer 
 hydraspin : 
 hydraspin usa , inc . 
 by : 
 name : david king 
 title : chief executive officer 
 water now : water now , inc . 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 distributor : bestev management , llc 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 exhibit a 
 product 
 african horizon technologie hydraspin unit 

 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019 
 exhibit b 
 territory 
 the territory consist of all of the follow : 
 a. the san juan basin locate near the four corner region of the southwestern united states . the san juan basin 
 territory include , without limitation , that certain area cover 7,500 square mile and reside in northwestern new mexico , 
 southwestern colorado , and part of utah and arizona . specifically , the san juan basin occupy space in the san juan , rio arriba , 
 sandoval , and mckinley county in new mexico , and la plata and archuleta county in colorado . 
 b. the permian basin locate in the southwestern part of the united states . the permian basin territory include , without 
 limitation , the mid - continent oil field province locate in western texas and southeastern new mexico , reach from just south of 
 lubbock , past midland and odessa , south nearly to the rio grande river in southern west central texas , and extend westward 
 into the southeastern part of new mexico . 
 c. the eagle ford group basin ( also call the eagle ford shale basin ) cover much of the state of texas . the eagle 
 ford group basin territory include , without limitation , the eagle ford outcrop belt trend from the oklahoma / texas border 
 southward to san antonio , westward to the rio grande , big bend national park , and the quitman mountains of west texas . 
 source : water now , inc . , 10 - q , 11/20/2019