exhibit 10.1 
 endorsement agreement 
 this endorsement agreement ( " agreement " ) be make and enter into effective march 15 , 2019 ( the " effective date " ) by and 
 among , on the one hand , abg - shaq , llc , a delaware limit liability company ( " abg " ) for the personal service of shaquille o’neal , 
 ( " celebrity " ) , and , on the other hand , papa john ’s marketing fund , inc . , a kentucky corporation ( " pjmf " ) , and papa john ’s international , inc . 
 ( " pji " ) ( pjmf and pji be , individually and collectively , " papa john ’s " ) . abg and papa john ’s may hereinafter be refer to individually as a 
 " party " or collectively as the " party " . 
 witnesseth : 
 whereas , celebrity be recognize and know for his skill as an athlete , sport analyst , and celebrity personality; 
 whereas , abg , as successor in interest to celebrity , be the exclusive right holder throughout the world of certain right to 
 celebrity ’s name , image , and service , and have the authority to exploit such rights; 
 whereas , pjmf be a corporation that pay for the national marketing of pji and be license to use and sublicense its intellectual 
 property; 
 whereas , papa john ’s desire to acquire the right to use the celebrity endorsement ( as define below ) in connection with the 
 advertisement , promotion and sale of papa john ’s product ( define below ) and abg agree to grant such right to papa john ’s and provide 
 the service of celebrity , all subject to the term and condition of this agreement; 
 now , therefore , in consideration of the mutual covenant contain herein and other good and valuable consideration , the receipt 
 and sufficiency of which be hereby acknowledge , the party hereto agree as follow : 
 1 . definition . as use herein , the term set forth below shall be define as follow : 
 a. 
 " celebrity endorsement " shall mean the right to use , subject to the provision hereof , celebrity ’s name ( include 
 variation and derivation of the same ) , nickname , initial , autograph , voice , video or film portrayal , facsimile signature , photograph , trade name , 
 likeness and image or facsimile image , or mean of endorsement ( not include video ) ( individually and collectively , the " personality right " ) , in 
 each case , solely as approve ( as hereinafter define ) by abg , in connection with the advertising , promotion and sale of product . 
 b. 
 " contract year " shall refer to the period commence on the effective date and end the day before the one year 
 anniversary of the effective date , and each successive twelve ( 12 ) month period thereafter during the term of this agreement . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 c. 
 " competitive product " shall mean pizza intend primarily for carry - out or home delivery and prepare on the 
 premise of a pizza carry - out / delivery restaurant , include but not limit to , pizza " take and bake " outlet , dine - in restaurant in which pizza be the 
 principal food offering , and/or frozen pizza sell in grocery or mass merchandiser store for in - home preparation . 
 d. 
 " product " shall mean papa john’s - brand pizza , bread side , and , subject to abg ’s approval in each instance , 
 piadina and dessert ( exclude pastry , doughnut , coffee and coffee - base product , energy drink , ' hydration ' frozen ice bar , ' energy ' frozen 
 ice bar , and ' recovery ' frozen ice bar ) , in each case produce and sell by papa john ’s . 
 e. 
 " territory " shall mean worldwide . 
 2 . term . unless early terminate in accordance with the provision hereof , the initial term of this agreement ( " term " ) be the effective date 
 through march 15 , 2022 . the agreement may be extend for one ( 1 ) year upon the party ' mutual agreement in writing , it be specifically 
 understand the service to be perform by celebrity ( on behalf of abg ) and remuneration to abg in connection with the same shall be 
 negotiate in good faith . 
 3 . grant of endorsement . 
 a. 
 in consideration of the remuneration to be pay to abg pursuant hereto and subject to the condition and limitation 
 contain herein , abg grant to papa john ’s the non - transferrable , non - assignable , non - sublicensable , indivisible right and license solely during 
 the term of the agreement and within the territory to use the celebrity endorsement , in each instance , subject to abg ’s approval ( as hereinafter 
 define ) . it be understand that papa john ’s shall not use the celebrity endorsement for any other purpose or in connection with any other item 
 unless specifically permit herein . subject to the term contain herein , papa john ’s and abg agree and acknowledge that during the term of 
 this agreement and for one ( 1 ) year thereafter , abg shall be prohibit from grant any right for celebrity identical or similar to the right 
 grant to papa john ’s hereunder to any entity other than papa john ’s for the purpose of directly promote , advertising , make an 
 appearance on behalf of , or endorse competitive products; provide , however , that in the event this agreement be terminate pursuant to section 
 7.b . of this agreement , the prohibition reference above shall be for a period of six ( 6 ) month , except that the prohibition shall reference above 
 shall not apply ( or shall immediately cease to apply , as applicable ) in the event of any one or more of the following : ( i ) the agreement be terminate 
 due to papa john ’s failure to pay to abg any monie under this agreement , as set forth herein , ( ii ) the agreement be terminate due to papa 
 john ’s failure to grant , issue , or cause to vest any of the rsus ( as hereinafter define ) under this agreement , as set forth herein , ( iii ) papa 
 john ’s failure to pay to abg any monie under section 7.d.a . or section 7.d.b . of this agreement , as set forth herein , or ( iv ) papa john ’s failure 
 to grant , issue , or cause to vest any of the rsus under section 7.e.a . or section 7.e.b . of this agreement , as set forth herein . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 b. 
 the party acknowledge and agree that all material produce by or on behalf of papa john ’s in connection with 
 this agreement and all element thereof , include all advertising and promotional material , trademark , phrase , word , writing , dialogue , adlib , 
 music , title or character therein , but in all case specifically exclude the celebrity endorsement and the personality right ( the " material " ) , 
 shall be and remain the absolute and exclusive property of papa john ’s . neither celebrity nor abg have any right , title , or interest , and agree 
 that neither will claim any , in or to the material . except as otherwise provide herein , all the result of abg ’s provision of celebrity ’s service 
 hereunder , include , but not limit to , material ( but in all case specifically exclude the celebrity endorsement and the personality right ) , will 
 be deem a " work make for hire " under the provision of the united states copyright act ( 17 u.s.c . sec . 101 ) and will be own by papa john ’s 
 for all purpose . if any material create under this agreement be not legally capable of be a work - make - for - hire under the applicable copyright 
 law , then all right , title , and interest in such material be hereby assign to papa john ’s and celebrity or abg will execute any document 
 consistent herewith necessary to perfect such assignment . 
 c. 
 the party acknowledge that papa john ’s have no right , title or interest , and papa john ’s hereby agree that papa 
 john ’s will not claim any , in or to the celebrity endorsement , the personality right , or any of celebrity ’s or abg ’s other intellectual property 
 right . papa john ’s hereby acknowledge that papa john ’s exercise of the celebrity endorsement ( include , without limitation , all us of the 
 personality right ) and all goodwill that be attach or may become attach to the foregoing shall inure solely to the benefit of abg . 
 d. 
 approval standard . for purpose of this agreement , " approval " ( and all grammatical variation thereof , e.g. , 
 approve , approve , etc . ) shall be define as abg ’s prior write approval , which may be give or withhold in abg ’s sole discretion . abg have the 
 right to approve all us of the celebrity endorsement and the personality right , whether by papa john ’s or any of its approve designee 
 ( include , without limitation , the use of the personality right in connection with any and all product and material . papa john ’s hereby agree 
 that : ( a ) no material may be release or exhibit publicly , in any manner , unless and until abg have approve the same , ( b ) all material must be 
 re - submit for approval each time a revision be make incorporate any change , and ( c ) abg ’s approval of material hereunder be specifically 
 limit to approval of the use of the personality right contain therein , and that to the extent any material own by third party ( e.g. , logo , 
 location , individual , music , etc . ) ( " third - party material " ) be incorporate therein , papa john ’s shall be solely responsible for identify such 
 third - party material , and for obtain an appropriate license from the owner(s ) of such third - party material to secure all applicable right to use 
 and otherwise exploit such third - party material . 
 e. 
 approval process . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 1 . 
 general . abg shall respond to each initial request for approval from papa john ’s ( " first request " ) within 
 three ( 3 ) day of abg ’s receipt of such request ( " approval window”); provide , however that abg ’s silence or failure to respond to the first 
 request prior to the expiration of the approval window shall be deem abg ’s disapproval of the material contain in the first request for 
 approval . in the event that abg be silent with respect to , or fail to reply to , the first request prior to the expiration of the approval window , then 
 papa john ’s shall be entitle to submit a second ( 2nd ) request for approval of the same material include in the first request ( " second 
 request " ) , with a copy of the material and the request to abg ’s legal department ( use the contact information set forth in section 12.f . of this 
 agreement ) . in the event that abg be silent with respect to , or fail to reply to , the second request within three ( 3 ) day of abg ’s receipt thereof , 
 then abg ’s silence with respect to , or failure to respond to , the second request shall be deem abg ’s approval of the material include in the 
 second request . papa john ’s hereby acknowledge that abg ’s approval of any particular material for a specific purpose shall only be deem 
 an approval for said purpose . papa john ’s shall be require to re - submit any previously approve material to the extent papa john ’s wish 
 to use the same for other purpose . papa john ’s hereby acknowledge that , in the event papa john ’s fail to obtain abg ’s consent or approval 
 for any act or omission require such consent or approval ( e.g. , use of celebrity endorsement or personality right , etc . ) , the same shall be 
 deem a non - curable breach of this agreement entitling , but not require , abg to immediately terminate this agreement . in the event that abg 
 expressly disapprove any material that be submit by papa john ’s for abg ’s approval hereunder , abg shall provide papa john ’s with a 
 reason for such disapproval . 
 2 . 
 advertising & promotion . papa john ’s shall create and submit to abg , via email ( as specify by abg ) the 
 concept ( e.g. , story board , mock - up , etc . ) ( " concept " ) for each of papa john ’s propose advertising , marketing , and promotional effort 
 utilize any of the personality right for purpose of sell product ( each , an " advertisement " ) . after approval of such concept , and prior to 
 the public exhibition of any advertisement , papa john ’s shall create and submit to abg , via email ( as specify by abg ) , the complete 
 advertisement intend for public exhibition . after approval of such advertisement , papa john ’s shall be permit to publicly exhibit the same , 
 through those channel ( e.g. , broadcast television , internet , radio ) approve by abg , in each case , subject to the term and condition of this 
 agreement . 
 3 . 
 legal line . upon abg ’s reasonable request , use of the personality right shall bear appropriate copyright , 
 trademark and credit notice , as provide by abg ( " legal line " ) , either directly on the material use the same , or on sticker or label affix 
 thereto , such placement to be mutually agree upon by the party . 
 4 . 
 papa john ’s shall not itself or through its agent or representative or otherwise indirectly , make , issue , 
 distribute or disseminate any information or statement to the press regard abg , celebrity , celebrity ’s endorsement of papa john ’s 
 product and/or matter pertain to or arise out of this agreement ( each a " press release " ) . in the event that papa john ’s desire to issue a 
 press release , papa john ’s shall submit the same to abg for approval . if abg have not respond in write prior to the expiration of an 
 approval window , then the submission shall be deem disapprove . abg shall have the right , but not the obligation , to include papa john ’s , 
 celebrity ’s endorsement of papa john ’s product , and the existence of a partnership between abg and papa john ’s in connection with 
 celebrity in press release , subject to papa john ’s approval , such approval not to be unreasonably withhold . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 5 . 
 brand restriction . papa john ’s shall not , during the term or at any time thereafter : ( i ) defame or disparage 
 celebrity or the personality right ( or any portion thereof ) , nor shall papa john ’s place the celebrity or the personality right ( or any 
 portion thereof ) in a negative light , whether in connection with this agreement or otherwise , or ( ii ) utilize the personality right ( or any portion 
 thereof ) in association with , nor shall papa john ’s associate celebrity with any of the following : ( a ) alcohol , drug ( include , without 
 limitation , both prescription and non - prescription ) or other supplements; ( b ) death; ( c ) pornography or other " adult only " or sexually explicit 
 activities; ( d ) massage parlor , prostitution or any dating or escort activities; ( e ) weapon or ammunition; ( f ) denigration or discrimination against 
 individual base on race , national origin , gender , religion , disability , ethnicity , sexual orientation , gender identity or age; ( g ) incontinence; ( h ) 
 weight loss / gain; ( i ) medical condition ( include , without limitation , hair loss); or ( j ) political campaign or cause . 
 6 . 
 enforcement of celebrity endorsement and personality right . abg shall have the exclusive right , at abg ’s 
 sole cost and expense ( exclude papa john ’s outside counsel fee and cost ) and exercisable at abg ’s sole discretion , to institute in its own 
 name , and to control , with counsel of its own choosing , all claim , suit and/or action against third party relate to the personality right , and 
 other proprietary right in and to the same ( " infringement claim " ) , and abg shall be entitle to receive and retain all amount award , if any , as 
 damage , profit or otherwise , in connection with such infringement claim . papa john ’s shall assist abg to ensure that third party do not 
 unlawfully infringe on the personality right . papa john ’s shall promptly notify abg of any such infringement of which papa john ’s 
 become aware . papa john ’s shall not take any action on account of , or in connection with , any infringement claim , other than to notify abg of 
 the same , and to cooperate with abg , pursuant to this section . papa john ’s hereby acknowledge that : ( i ) abg and celebrity have no 
 obligation to take any action in connection with any infringement claim , and ( ii ) abg and celebrity shall incur no liability by reason of : ( a ) 
 abg ’s or celebrity ’s failure or refusal to take any such action against any infringement claim , or ( b ) any settlement relate to any infringement 
 claim to which abg or celebrity may agree . 
 7 . 
 no attack . papa john ’s shall not , during the term or at any time thereafter , attack or challenge , or lend 
 assistance to any third party in connection with an attack or challenge , of any right , title or interest of abg in and to any personality right 
 ( include , without limitation , copyright , trademark and/or patent ) , whether by way of : ( i ) an application for and/or an opposition against any 
 intellectual property right relate to the personality right , ( ii ) adoption and/or application for and/or registration of any intellectual property 
 right ( include , without limitation , domain name , business name , and social medium account ) that be confusingly similar to , that dilute , or that 
 infringe , any of the personality right , or ( iii ) any lawsuit , cancellation proceeding or action , or otherwise . papa john ’s shall not represent in any 
 filing , presentation , document or other statement , whether write or verbal , that papa john ’s or any third party be the owner of the personality 
 right , and papa john ’s shall not use or display any of the foregoing except as expressly permit herein . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 4 . service . to facilitate papa john ’s usage of the right and license to the celebrity endorsement with respect to the product as 
 provide herein , during each contract year during the term of the agreement , subject to celebrity ’s prior personal and professional obligation , 
 and further subject to advance scheduling reasonable acceptable to abg and celebrity and to confirmation with respect to scheduling date , 
 time , and location , and subject to section 5(c ) below , abg agree to cause celebrity to provide the service set forth below ( " service " ) . abg 
 shall require celebrity to provide the service in a professional manner , subject to the term and condition of this agreement . 
 a. 
 at least eight ( 8) " service day " , include but not limit to : 
 1 . 
 production day . up to four ( 4 ) production day ( define as a maximum of eight ( 8) consecutive hour each ) , 
 with papa john ’s creative agency . 
 2 . 
 personal appearance . celebrity shall appear at least ( each of the following not to exceed six ( 6 ) consecutive 
 hour ): 
 ( a ) 
 one ( 1 ) day engage with franchisee and team member at company - wide event(s); 
 ( b ) 
 one ( 1 ) day visit papa john ’s pizza store , date and location to be mutually agree upon by the 
 parties; and 
 ( c ) 
 one ( 1 ) day at a community event , date and location to be mutually agree upon by the party . 
 papa john ’s and abg shall both use commercially reasonable effort to schedule the date , time and location for service 
 day so as to meet the reasonable need of papa john ’s while not unreasonably conflict with celebrity ’s previously 
 schedule other commitment . papa john ’s understand that if service day be request hereunder , then such service day 
 may be coordinate with similar service for other entitle to the use of celebrity ’s personal service ( e.g. , if service day 
 include travel to las vegas , nevada , celebrity and/or abg may coordinate such service day to be perform during a 
 previously schedule trip to las vegas , nevada ) . papa john ’s shall provide local hair , make - up and/or wardrobe stylist for 
 celebrity in connection with all service day hereunder , provide each such stylist , and all wardrobe selection , shall be pre- 
 approve by celebrity in his sole , absolute discretion . the timing allocate in section 4(a ) above for all service day shall be 
 exclusive of travel time , but inclusive of time spend for makeup , wardrobe , and reasonable break . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 b. 
 social medium post . abg shall require celebrity to post on each of celebrity ’s instagram ( the page locate at 
 www.instagram.com/shaq and personality ’s instagram account ( shaq ) ) , twitter ( the page locate at www.twitter.com/shaq and celebrity ’s twitter 
 account ( shaq ) ) , and facebook ( the page locate at www.facebook.com/shaq ) at least one post ( 1 ) per month promote papa john ’s product . 
 each post shall be create by papa john ’s , but subject to abg ’s approval in each instance . papa john ’s shall provide abg and celebrity 
 with all suitable and necessary language , compliant with all federal trade commission ( " ftc " ) standard and requirement to include in each post 
 ( each a or the , " require disclosure " ) which shall clearly and conspicuously disclose to the public that abg and/or celebrity have be pay by 
 papa john ’s in connection with such post . notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain in this agreement , papa john ’s shall be 
 solely responsible for ensure that any and all require disclosure comply with all applicable law , rule , regulation , and guideline , include , 
 without limitation , the ftc ’s " guide concern the use of endorsement and testimonial in advertising " and papa john ’s shall indemnify , 
 defend , and hold harmless the abg indemnify party ( as hereinafter define ) from any and all liability arise out of the same , unless abg or 
 celebrity materially modify the require disclosure provide by papa john ’s ( i.e. if the require disclosure provide by papa john ’s 
 comply with all applicable law , rule , regulation , and guideline , and abg or celebrity ’s modification of the require disclosure cause such 
 require disclosure to not comply all applicable law , rule , regulation , and guideline ) . 
 c. 
 public relation . 
 1 . 
 affiliation announcement . for the announcement of the affiliation between papa john ’s and celebrity , abg 
 shall require celebrity to provide business and consumer pr interview , include the following , all of which shall 
 be subject to abg ’s approval : 
 ( a ) 
 two ( 2 ) broadcast television and three ( 3 ) print or online medium interview in new york city; 
 ( b ) 
 two ( 2 ) approve photo for release ( one at a papa john ’s pizza restaurant; one make pizza with 
 ceo steve ritchie); 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 ( c ) 
 one ( 1 ) social medium post; 
 ( d ) 
 quote for press release; 
 ( e ) 
 business headshot; and 
 ( f ) 
 business bio . 
 2 . 
 during each contract year during the term , abg shall cause celebrity to make himself available for sixty 
 ( 60 ) total minute of interview time promote papa john ’s , subject to celebrity ’s prior personal and professional 
 obligation , and far subject to advance scheduling reasonable acceptable to abg and celebrity . upon papa 
 john ’s reasonable request , ( i ) interview may be break up into small increment ( e.g. , five or ten minute each ) , 
 and ( ii ) abg will cause celebrity to participate in medium and message training before each interview , in each case , 
 subject to celebrity ’s prior personal and professional obligation , and far subject to advance scheduling 
 reasonable acceptable to abg and celebrity . 
 d. 
 new co - branded product . abg will permit celebrity and papa john ’s to collaborate in good faith to develop 
 one ( 1 ) or more co - branded product use the personality right . any such co - branded product shall be subject to the separate mutual write 
 agreement of the party . 
 e. 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain in this agreement , the party specifically agree that the 
 personality right shall not be use , in whole or in part , in connection with any tie - in program ( as hereinafter define ) without abg ’s approval in 
 each instance . except as specifically provide herein , papa john ’s hereby acknowledge and agree that , both during the term and at any and all 
 time thereafter , papa john ’s have no right to , and papa john ’s shall not , affix or attach any of the personality right , in any manner , to any of 
 papa john ’s product or service ( include , without limitation , product ) ( e.g. , either directly on any product or on any packaging therefor , 
 etc . ) . for purpose of this agreement , " tie - in program " shall be define as any program or plan develop around a particular product or property 
 and design primarily to generate additional income relate to such product or property ( e.g. , traffic builder , cross - promotion , third party 
 program involve the use of a premium or a third party ’s product and/or service ) , include , without limitation : ( i ) any program primarily design 
 to attract the consumer to purchase a product or service other than or in addition to the products; and/or ( ii ) any cross - promotion with a third party 
 and/or its product or service . 
 f. 
 condition precedent . papa john ’s expressly acknowledge that the obligation of abg to require celebrity to 
 perform the service specify hereunder be subject to the condition that all payment to abg be current and up - to - date . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 g. 
 pay or play . in the event that papa john ’s fail to utilize any or all of the service as and when the same be 
 allocate and/or schedule pursuant to the above ( e.g. , within a particular contract year ) , then : ( a ) the same shall not result in a reduction in any 
 amount due and/or payable to abg hereunder , and ( b ) papa john ’s shall be deem to have waive its right to utilize those particular service 
 ( e.g. , service day that be allocate for a particular contract year may not be carry into future contract year , or beyond the expiration or early 
 termination of the term ) without abg ’s approval . 
 h. 
 no dangerous activity . the party acknowledge and agree that celebrity shall not be require to participate in 
 any physical activity during celebrity ’s performance of any service hereunder that may be of a dangerous nature or which may involve a risk of 
 serious bodily injury to celebrity and/or other , as determine by abg and celebrity in their collective sole and absolute discretion . 
 i. 
 additional service . personality ’s rendition of additional service beyond the scope of the service set forth herein 
 shall at all time be subject to the mutual agreement of the party ( include , without limitation , the negotiation of appropriate remuneration in 
 connection therewith ) . papa john ’s acknowledge and agree that ( i ) it be contemplate that papa john ’s and celebrity will enter into one or 
 more ' franchise agreement ' pursuant to which , among other thing , celebrity ( and/or celebrity ’s designee ) will acquire a thirty percent 
 ( 30 ) ownership in nine ( 9 ) atlanta - area papa john ’s pizza restaurant , and ( ii ) papa john ’s shall not , directly or indirectly , request , cause , or 
 require celebrity , under or in connection with any such ' franchise agreement ' or otherwise ( except as expressly set forth in this agreement ) , ( a ) 
 to provide to papa john ’s ( include its designee ) any service that be the same as or similar to the service hereunder , or ( b ) to grant to papa 
 john ’s ( include its designee ) any right or license to use any of the personality right . papa john ’s far acknowledge that abg , as 
 successor in interest to celebrity , be the sole and exclusive owner of a worldwide portfolio of personality right , as well as other copyright , 
 trademark and other intellectual property right relate to celebrity , and the right of publicity , and other right in and to the name , image , 
 likeness , persona , personality , voice , signature , and other indicia of , and right of association and endorsement relate to , celebrity include , 
 without limitation , pursuant to section 43(a ) of the united states lanham act ( collectively , the " shaq right " ) . papa john ’s far 
 acknowledge and agree that : ( a ) any and all use of the shaq rights and/or any intellectual property right relate to celebrity ( e.g. exploitation 
 of a copyright photograph of celebrity ) , whether in connection with the product or otherwise , require the consent and authorization of 
 abg in each instance , ( b ) abg be the only person or entity that can authorize the use of shaq right on or in connection with any product or 
 service throughout the world , and ( c ) should papa john ’s or any third party desire to manufacture , advertise , sell , offer or otherwise exploit any 
 product or service relate to celebrity , any and all such act would be a use of the shaq right and would therefore require the prior write 
 consent of abg in each instance . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 j. 
 reverse license . papa john ’s hereby grant to abg and celebrity , a royalty - free , perpetual , irrevocable , fully- 
 pay , assignable , transferable , sublicensable right and license to utilize the material , in their entirety or any portion thereof , in all medium now 
 know or hereafter develop , throughout the universe ( individually and collectively , " pj right " ) as follow : ( i ) on or in connection the 
 performance of the service hereunder; ( ii ) in connection with historical and archival purpose ( e.g. , documentary , commentary , corporate 
 retrospective , historical file on website of abg ) , so - call business - to - business us and other non - commercial purposes; and ( iii ) for industry 
 recognition purpose ( e.g. , award competition submissions); in each case , in all medium now know or hereafter devise . for external or public us 
 in subsection ( ii ) and for all instance in subsection ( iii ) , such license be subject to papa john ’s prior write approval , such approval not to be 
 unreasonably withhold . 
 5 . consideration . in consideration of the right grant herein and the service to be provide hereunder , papa john ’s will pay to abg in 
 each contract year of the term , the follow : 
 a. 
 cash payment . 
 1 . 
 papa john ’s shall pay abg a cash payment of : one million two hundred fifty thousand u.s . dollar 
 ( usd1,250,000 ) for contract year 1 , one million three hundred seventy five thousand u.s . dollar ( usd1,375,000 ) for contract year 2 , and one 
 million five hundred thousand u.s . dollar ( usd1,500,000 ) for contract year 3 ( such cash payment for contract year 1 - 3 refer to herein as 
 the " cash payment " ) for the service and right provide hereunder . in addition to the cash payment and any other compensation payable to abg 
 ( and , as applicable , celebrity ) hereunder , papa john ’s shall pay without limitation , usage of the union - cover material produce hereunder , 
 with usage apply against the cash payment at double scale ( or such other applicable rate ) . each of such cash payment shall be pay in four 
 equal installment , as set forth in section 5.a.3 below , as follow : 
 ( a ) 
 the first payment be due on the effective date for the first contract year , and march 1 for subsequent 
 contract years; 
 ( b ) 
 the second payment be due june 1 for each contract year; 
 ( c ) 
 the third payment be due september 1 for each contract year; and 
 ( d ) 
 the fourth payment be due december 1 for each contract year . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 2 . 
 wire instruction . papa john ’s shall be solely responsible for any cost and/or fee associate with make 
 any and all payment to abg as require under this agreement , include , without limitation , wire transfer fee . papa john ’s shall pay all sum 
 due to abg by wire transfer to the follow account , unless otherwise instruct by abg : 
 payee : abg - shaq , llc 
 bank of america 
  one bryant park 
  new york , ny 10036 
 account number : 483043584155 
 aba rout number ( for domestic transfer ): 
  wire : 026009593 / ach : 021000322 
 swift code ( for international transfer ): bofaus3n 
 3 . 
 no deduction . papa john ’s may not deduct from , setoff or offset the cash payment or any other amount 
 payable to abg for any reason . for purpose of illustration but without limitation , papa john ’s may not deduct : union fee , other fee , 
 uncollectible account , wire transfer fee , bank fee or any other fee associate with make any and all payment to abg , slotting fee , 
 advertising or other expense of any kind , the cost incur in the operation of the business , or the conversion of any currency into united states 
 dollar . 
 4 . 
 allocation . abg may , in abg ’s sole discretion , allocate and apply payment it receive from papa john ’s 
 hereunder . partial payment by papa john ’s to abg of any amount due hereunder shall not , in any circumstance , avoid default by papa john ’s 
 as to the full amount of any such payment , and papa john ’s shall not be entitle to any return of the amount of any partial payment in the 
 event of any expiration or termination of this agreement . 
 5 . 
 taxis & fee . all sale , use , value add , withholding , local privilege , excise taxis , tariff , duty or other 
 charge of any kind , character or description which may be levy or impose upon any of the product , papa john ’s business operation relate 
 to the product , or on any aspect of performance of this agreement , shall be papa john ’s responsibility . abg shall only be responsible for the 
 actual taxis on abg ’s net income result from this agreement . 
 6 . 
 union fees; other fee . papa john ’s hereby acknowledge that celebrity be a member of sag - aftra . 
 in addition to and separate from the cash payment and any other compensation payable to abg ( and , as applicable , celebrity ) hereunder , for 
 purpose of this agreement , forty percent ( 40 ) of the cash payment shall be allocate to union - cover service . if papa john ’s engage any 
 performance or service of celebrity hereunder in any way that be subject to the jurisdiction of any applicable union , guild or other organization of 
 which celebrity be a member ( include , without limitation , sag - aftra ) , either during or after the term , then papa john ’s shall pay , as 
 require by such union , guild or other organization , all minimum ( and other , as applicable ) payment or fee ( or for sag - aftra , minimum pension 
 and welfare contribution ) require to be make with respect to papa john ’s use of the service hereunder ( " union fee(s ) " ) . papa john ’s shall 
 be solely responsible for all union fee(s ) and any cost and/or fee associate with make any and all payment to abg as require under this 
 agreement , include , without limitation , wire transfer fee ( " other fee " ) . in no event shall abg or celebrity be responsible for any union fee 
 or other fee that may arise out of this agreement . upon papa john ’s reasonable request , and subject to celebrity ’s and abg ’s prior 
 consultation with counsel of their own choosing , abg shall work together in good faith with celebrity and papa john ’s to have celebrity 
 sign a screen actor guild contract for each session for track purpose . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 7 . 
 development . all cost and expense of papa john ’s business ( include , without limitation , the design , 
 development , preparation , cooking , packaging , distribution , delivery , advertisement , marketing , promotion , offer for sale , sale , or other 
 exploitation of the product , and other cost and expense relate to the material and all advertisement , include , without limitation , to the 
 expense of compliance with the approval requirement set forth herein ) shall be bear by papa john ’s . 
 8 . 
 sub - contractor . in the event papa john ’s wish to sub - contract any or all of the operation of the 
 product or its relate business hereunder ( e.g. , design of the product , advertising of the product , creation of product , etc . ) to any third party 
 ( e.g. , ad agency , photographer , videographer , producer , crew , etc . ) ( each , a " sub - contractor " ) , the same may only be do if and after abg 
 have give its approval therefor . if request by abg , papa john ’s shall provide abg with additional information about any propose sub- 
 contractor , such that abg will have sufficient information to evaluate papa john ’s request for approval of such sub - contractor . in the event 
 abg approve any give sub - contractor , then such sub - contractor shall be permit to carry out only that portion of the business for which 
 abg approve such sub - contractor . papa john ’s shall use papa john ’s good effort to ensure that all sub - contractor abide by the term of 
 this agreement . all act of all sub - contractor shall be deem to be the act of papa john ’s for all purpose of this agreement . 
 b. 
 award of pji restrict stock unit . on the effective date or as soon as practicable thereafter ( such date , the " grant 
 date " ) , pji will grant to celebrity ( as agent of abg solely for purpose of receive the rsus and authorize and irrevocably instruct pji ’s 
 transfer agent to deliver the share of common stock issue upon vest of the rsus at each applicable vest date to abg ) 87,136 restrict 
 stock unit of pji ( the " rsus " ) . the rsus will be grant pursuant to the pji 2018 omnibus incentive plan ( the " plan " ) and will be subject in all 
 respect to the term of the plan and an applicable restricted stock unit agreement set forth in exhibit a , which be attach hereto and 
 incorporate by reference herein ( the " restrict stock unit agreement " ) . except as set forth in this agreement or the restrict stock unit 
 agreement , the rsus will vest as to 31 [ 27,012 ] of the rsus on the first anniversary of the grant date , as to 33 [ 28,755 ] of the rsus on the 
 second anniversary of the effective date , and as to 36 [ 31,369 ] of the rsus on the third anniversary of the effective date ( each of such date , a 
 " vest date " ) . in the event of a corporate transaction , as define in the plan , the rsus shall be treat in accordance with the term of the plan . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 c. 
 expense . in connection with all personal appearance and personal service ( include , by way of example , all 
 service day ) to be perform by celebrity pursuant to this agreement , papa john ’s shall provide the following for celebrity and two ( 2 ) 
 travel companion : ( i ) corporate private jet , or other private air travel option; ( ii ) five - star hotel ( suite level or high for celebrity ) , with separate 
 room for travel companions; and ( iii ) private , high - end ground transportation to and from airport and appearance location . 
 6 . warranty and additional covenant . 
 a. 
 abg represent and warrant to papa john ’s that ( i ) neither abg nor celebrity be a party to any oral or write 
 agreement or understanding , which grant to any other entity or person a right or license to use the celebrity endorsement in connection with the 
 advertisement , promotion or endorsement of any competitive product or would prevent , limit or hinder the performance of any of its obligation 
 under this agreement; ( ii ) the execution and delivery of this agreement by abg and/or abg ’s performance of its obligation under this agreement 
 will not cause a violation or breach of any other agreement to which abg or celebrity be party to; ( iii ) all endorsement of the product by 
 celebrity that be approve and actually use by papa john ’s in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement reflect the 
 honest opinion , finding , belief , or experience of the celebrity; and ( iv ) abg have the full ability and right to enter into this agreement and to 
 perform , and cause celebrity to perform , all of the obligation in this agreement , as evidence by the inducement letter set forth on exhibit b , 
 which be attach hereto and incorporate by reference herein . 
 b. 
 papa john ’s represent and warrant to abg and celebrity that ( i ) papa john ’s be not a party to any oral or 
 write agreement or understanding that would prevent , limit or hinder the performance of any of its obligation under this agreement; ( ii ) the 
 execution and delivery of this agreement by papa john ’s and/or papa john ’s performance of its obligation under this agreement will not 
 cause a violation or breach of any other agreement to which papa john ’s be party to; ( iii ) papa john ’s have the full ability and right to enter into 
 this agreement and to perform all of the obligation in this agreement; ( iv ) papa john ’s maintain appropriate policy , procedure , system , and 
 training , in each case consistent with prevail industry standard : ( a ) for the production , distribution , and sale of product , ( b ) to ensure that 
 product be safe for human consumption , ( c ) to ensure compliance with all applicable food safety regulation , and ( d ) to provide a level of 
 customer service at least as favorable as be standard in its industry and that will not have a material adverse impact on the papa john ’s brand; ( v ) 
 no injurious , deleterious or defamatory material , writing or image shall be use in connection with the personality right , the material , or papa 
 john ’s business; ( vi ) papa john ’s shall not create , incur or permit any encumbrance , lien , security interest , mortgage , pledge , assignment or 
 other hypothecation upon this agreement or permit the commencement of any proceeding or foreclosure action on this agreement or to obtain any 
 assignment thereof , whether or not involve any judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure sales; ( vii ) ( a ) papa john ’s own all right in and to the 
 product and the material , include by way of example and not limitation , any and all trademark and service mark use for or in connection 
 therewith ( e.g. , ' papa john ’s ' ) , and ( b ) none of the design , development , preparation , cooking , packaging , distribution , delivery , advertisement , 
 marketing , promotion , offer for sale , sale , or other exploitation of the product or the material shall infringe any intellectual property right or 
 otherwise violate any right of any third party; and ( viii ) papa john ’s have not and will not , during the term or at any time after expiration of the 
 term , create any expense chargeable to abg or celebrity without approval . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 c. 
 each party acknowledge and agree that ( i ) all copyright and trademark use in connection herewith that be 
 own by a party shall be and remain the sole and complete property of such party; ( ii ) the other party shall not at any time acquire or claim any 
 right , title or interest of any nature whatsoever in any such copyright or trademark by virtue of this agreement; ( iii ) the other party shall not contest 
 or assist other to contest the validity of all such copyright and trademarks; and ( iv ) it will not incur or create any expense chargeable to the 
 other party . 
 d. 
 each party represent and warrant to the other that it will comply with all rule , regulation , law , order , decree , 
 and ordinance of each and every country or political subdivision thereof , have legal jurisdiction over any aspect of their respective activity 
 under this agreement include specifically , but not limit to , the use of the celebrity endorsement in material for and on behalf of papa 
 john ’s , and the design , development , preparation , cooking , packaging , labeling , distribution , delivery , advertisement , marketing , promotion , 
 offering for sale , sale , or other exploitation of the product by and on behalf of papa john ’s . 
 e. 
 abg agree to execute ( and require celebrity to execute ) such other document as reasonably request by papa 
 john ’s as be necessary to effectuate the intent of this agreement , include the grant of rsus hereunder . 
 f. 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain in this agreement , papa john ’s acknowledge and agree that 
 abg and/or celebrity be party(ie ) to one or more agreement(s ) with one or more third party(ie ) for , among other thing , the use of celebrity ’s 
 endorsement and the personality right during the term ( or portion thereof ) for and in connection with ( i ) the follow food and beverage 
 product typically consume for breakfast : bagel , breakfast sandwich ( i.e. , sandwich fill primarily with food product that be typically 
 consumer at breakfast such as scrambled egg and sausage patty ) , pastry , doughnut , coffee , espresso and cappuccino , ( ii ) fast - casual dining , 
 chain restaurant ( i.e. , business(es ) which prepare(s ) and serve(s ) food and beverage to customer in exchange for money ) with menu primarily 
 focus on chicken dish , ( iii ) high - end dining restaurant(s ) ( i.e. , business(es ) which prepare(s ) and serve(s ) food and beverage to customer in 
 exchange for money ) with menu primarily focus on americanize dish similar to those customarily find at steakhouse ( which may include 
 pizza / flatbread , bread side , dessert , etc . as part of their menu ) , and ( iv ) ' hydration ' frozen ice bar , ' energy ' frozen ice bar , and ' recovery ' 
 frozen ice bar , and energy drink ( individually and collectively , the " exist agreements”); and that abg ’s and celebrity ’s performance under 
 the exist agreement shall not be deem a breach of this agreement by abg or celebrity . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 7 . termination . 
 a. 
 termination by papa john ’s . without prejudice to any other right it may have in law , equity or otherwise , papa 
 john ’s shall have the right to terminate this agreement upon write notice to abg , as determine by papa john ’s in its sole discretion , 
 exercise good - faith business judgment , in the event that any of the follow occur during the term of this agreement ( 1 ) celebrity ’s 
 conviction or plea of guilty to a crime of moral turpitude; ( 2 ) celebrity ’s or abg ’s public malignment or disparagement of papa john’s; ( 3 ) 
 celebrity or abg intentionally make any voluntary statement or commit any voluntary act that be or becomes generally know to the public 
 which such statement or act both ( a ) have the effect of egregiously disparage or insult any group of the community on the basis of ethnicity , 
 religion , race , national origin , gender , or sexual orientation , and ( b ) be the direct cause of a material adverse impact on papa john ’s actual sale of 
 pizza; ( 4 ) ( a ) celebrity ’s death or permanent incapacitation , or ( b ) celebrity ’s inability to perform the service of this agreement except due to 
 a force majeure event; or ( 5 ) celebrity ’s or abg ’s breach of any material term of this agreement , which breach celebrity or abg fail to cure 
 within thirty ( 30 ) day ( or to the extent not possible to cure within such period , commence to cure ) after celebrity ’s or abg ’s receipt of papa 
 john ’s write notice of such breach . specifically , if this agreement be terminate for any of the reason provide in section 7.a.(1)-(3 ) , papa 
 john ’s right to terminate this agreement shall be papa john ’s sole remedy for the same . 
 b. 
  termination by abg . without prejudice to any other right it may have in law , equity or otherwise , abg shall have 
 the right to terminate this agreement upon write notice to papa john ’s , as determine by abg in its sole discretion , exercise good - faith 
 business judgment , in the event that ( 1 ) during the term of this agreement , any member of pji ’s executive team or any member of the board of 
 director of pji ( a ) be convict of or plead guilty to a crime of moral turpitude , ( b ) disparage or publicly malign celebrity or abg; ( 2 ) papa 
 john ’s breach any material term of this agreement , which breach papa john ’s fail to cure within thirty ( 30 ) day after papa john ’s receipt 
 of abg ’s write notice of such breach , it be understand such period shall be five ( 5 ) business day with respect to the payment of any monie , 
 or ( c ) any member of pji ’s executive team or any member of the board of director of pji or any authorized spokesperson of papa john ’s 
 intentionally make any voluntary statement or commit any voluntary act that be or becomes generally know to the public which such statement 
 or act have the effect of egregiously disparage or insult any group of the community on the basis of ethnicity , religion , race , national origin , 
 gender , or sexual orientation . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 c. 
 effect of termination - use beyond term . upon expiration or termination of this agreement by papa john ’s ( but not 
 in the event of termination by abg ) , and subject to papa john ’s ongoing compliance with the term and condition of this agreement , papa 
 john ’s shall have the follow right to use the celebrity endorsement solely as follow : ( i ) for a period of six ( 6 ) month follow the effective 
 date of expiration or termination , papa john ’s shall have the right to continue to use , display and distribute copy of material which bear the 
 celebrity endorsement and which be print and publish , or irrevocably book for publication or display with a third party , prior to the 
 effective date of expiration or termination; and ( ii ) papa john ’s shall have the right , without restriction , to the in - house , non - commercial use of 
 any material . such use may include in - house exhibition for historical , educational or commemorative purpose . provide that papa john ’s have 
 exert its good effort to cease use of the celebrity endorsement and/or personality right as provide above , any incidental use of the celebrity 
 endorsement and/or personality right that may occur or be discover for the three ( 3 ) month period follow such period shall not be deem a 
 breach of this agreement; provide , however , that in any event , all use of the celebrity endorsement and/or personality right must cease by no 
 later than nine ( 9 ) month follow the effective date of expiration or termination of this agreement . 
 d. 
 effect of termination - cash consideration . 
 a. 
 termination by papa john ’s . if this agreement be terminate by papa john ’s for any of the reason 
 provide in section 7.a . above , then abg shall be entitle to the pro - rata share of the respective cash payment for the then - current contract year 
 as set forth in section 5.a . above , determine by multiply the cash payment for such contract year by a fraction , the numerator of which be the 
 number of day elapse in such contract year and the denominator of which be the total number of day in such contract year , and such amount 
 shall be immediately due as of the effective date of termination and pay to abg . 
 b. 
 termination by abg . if this agreement be terminate by abg for any of the reason provide in section 7.b . 
 above , then any and all unpaid amount under this agreement for the eighteen ( 18 ) month follow the effective date of termination ( include , 
 without limitation , any balance due of the cash payment as of the effective date of termination , in addition to any and all of the cash payment that 
 would have become payable during the next eighteen ( 18 ) month but for the termination ) shall be immediately due as of the effective date of 
 termination and pay to abg; provide , however , that in the event there be less than eighteen ( 18 ) month remain in the term as of the effective 
 date of such termination , then any and all unpaid amount under this agreement for the balance of the term ( include , without limitation , any 
 balance due of the cash payment as of the effective date of termination , in addition to any and all cash payment that would have become payable 
 but for the termination ) shall be immediately due as of the effective date of termination and pay to abg . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 e. 
 effect of termination - award of rsus . notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain in this agreement or the 
 restricted stock unit agreement : 
 a. 
 termination by papa john ’s . if this agreement be terminate by papa john ’s for any of the reason set 
 forth in section 7.a . above , then celebrity shall be entitle to immediately vest in the pro - rata share of the respective number of rsus for the 
 then - current contract year as set forth in section 5.b . above , determine by multiply the number of rsus for such contract year by a fraction , 
 the numerator of which be the number of day elapse in such contract year and the denominator of which be the total number of day in such 
 contract year , and such rsus shall vest immediately as of the effective date of termination . 
 b. 
  termination by abg . if this agreement be terminate by abg for any of the reason provide in section 7.b . 
 above , then celebrity shall be entitle to immediately vest in all of the rsus for the eighteen ( 18 ) month follow the effective date of 
 termination ( include , without limitation , any balance of unvested rsus that be due to vest as of the effective date of termination , in addition to 
 any and all of the rsus that would have vest during the next eighteen ( 18 ) month but for the termination); provide , however , that in the event 
 there be less than eighteen ( 18 ) month remain in the term as of the effective date of such termination , then any and all of the balance of the 
 rsus shall vest immediately as of the effective date of termination . 
 8 . indemnification and insurance . 
 a. 
 abg ’s indemnification obligation . abg shall indemnify , defend and hold harmless papa john ’s and its current and 
 future parent , subsidiary , affiliate company and each of their respective current and future officer , director , shareholder , employee , 
 agent , attorney , and each of their respective successor and assign ( individually and collectively , " papa john ’s indemnify party(ie ) " ) from 
 and against any and all third - party claim , liability , demand , cause of action , judgment , settlement , cost and expense ( include , without 
 limitation , reasonable outside attorney ’ fee and court cost ) ( collectively , " claim " ) arise out of or in connection with any one ( 1 ) or more of the 
 following : ( i ) the breach by abg of any of its express representation , express warranty , or express covenant in this agreement; or ( ii ) the failure 
 by abg or celebrity to perform any of its obligation under this agreement . abg shall not be liable to papa john ’s or any third party under 
 this section 8.a . to the extent that papa john ’s be require to indemnify abg pursuant to section 8.b . below . 
 b. 
 papa john ’s indemnification obligation . papa john ’s shall indemnify , defend and hold harmless celebrity , 
 abg and its current and future parent , subsidiary , affiliate company and each of their respective current and future officer , director , 
 shareholder , employee , agent , attorney , and each of their respective successor and assign ( individually and collectively , " abg indemnify 
 party(ie ) " ) from and against any and all direct and third - party claim , arise out of or in connection with any one ( 1 ) or more of the following : ( i ) 
 the breach by papa john ’s of any of its express or imply representation , warranty or covenant in this agreement; ( ii ) the failure by papa 
 john ’s to perform any of its obligation under this agreement; ( iii ) the design , development , preparation , cooking , packaging , distribution , 
 delivery , advertisement , marketing , promotion , offer for sale , sale , or other exploitation of the product , the material , or any advertisement 
 ( include , without limitation , any product liability , false advertising and/or infringement claims); and ( iv ) any act , whether by omission or 
 commission , by papa john ’s ( include any of its franchisee , vendor , and store operator ) , which may arise out of , in connection with , or be any 
 way relate to any of the product , the material , papa john ’s business and/or this agreement . papa john ’s shall not be liable to abg or any 
 third party under this section 8.b . to the extent that abg be require to indemnify papa john ’s pursuant to section 8.a . above . papa john ’s 
 hereby agree that abg ’s approval shall not waive , diminish or negate any of papa john ’s indemnification obligation to the abg indemnify 
 party hereunder . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 c. 
 indemnification process . the party to be indemnify hereunder ( the " indemnitee " ) must give the indemnify party 
 hereunder ( the " indemnitor " ) prompt write notice of any claim , and the indemnitor , in its sole discretion , may then take such action as it deem 
 advisable to defend such claim on behalf of the indemnitee . in the event that appropriate action be not take by the indemnitor within thirty ( 30 ) 
 day after the indemnitor ’s receipt of write notice from the indemnitee , the indemnitee shall have the right to defend such claim with counsel 
 reasonably acceptable to the indemnitor , and no settlement of any such claim may be make without the prior write approval of the indemnitor , 
 which approval shall not be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . even if appropriate action be take by the indemnitor , the indemnitee 
 may , at its own cost and expense , be represent by its own counsel in such claim . in any event , the indemnitee and the indemnitor shall keep each 
 other fully advise of all development and shall cooperate fully with each other in all respect with respect to any such claim . 
 d. 
 insurance . papa john ’s shall procure and maintain , at its sole cost and expense , and use commercially reasonable 
 effort cause its sub - contractor to obtain , at their sole cost and expense , during the term and for a period of three ( 3 ) year thereafter ( " insurance 
 period " ) , comprehensive general liability insurance ( include , without limitation , product liability insurance , inventory insurance , worker ’s 
 compensation insurance , and advertising injury insurance ) , to defend and protect the party against claim arise out of or in connection with 
 papa john ’s business , the material , the product , and advertisement therefor . insurance must be obtain from a company reasonably 
 acceptable to abg , in an amount not less than five million united states dollar ( 5,000,000 usd ) in the aggregate , or papa john ’s standard 
 insurance policy limit , whichever be great . 
 e. 
 within five ( 5 ) business day of the date on which this agreement be fully execute , papa john ’s shall submit to 
 abg a certificate of insurance name each of abg , celebrity and authentic brand group , llc as additional insured ( " coi " ) , which coi , or a 
 renewal or replacement thereof , shall remain in force at all time during the insurance period , and shall require the insurer to provide at least thirty 
 ( 30 ) day ' prior write notice to papa john ’s , and all additional insured , of any termination , cancellation or modification thereof . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 f. 
 in the event that any insurance policy require hereunder include or permit a waiver of subrogation , such waiver 
 shall apply to abg and celebrity . in the event that any insurance policy require hereunder provide for a waiver of subrogation in the event 
 that such waiver be require by a third - party agreement , then this agreement shall be deem to require such waiver . papa john ’s shall notify 
 abg of all claim regard the personality right , material and/or product under any of the foregoing policy of insurance promptly upon the 
 filing thereof . papa john ’s indemnification obligation hereunder shall not be limit by the amount of insurance requirement hereunder . abg 
 shall be entitle to its proportionate share of the insurance proceed receive by papa john ’s in respect to the celebrity endorsement and/or the 
 personality right , and papa john ’s shall report and pay to abg any such insurance proceed at the same time as the next quarterly installment 
 of the cash payment be due . 
 g. 
 limitation of liability . to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law , neither 
 abg nor authentic brand group llc nor celebrity shall be liable to papa john ’s for any consequential , 
 incidental , punitive , exemplary , or special damage , regardless of the form or action , whether in contract or 
 in tort , even if abg or authentic brand group llc have be advise of the possiblity of such damage or loss . 
 in no event shall abg ’s , authentic brand group llc ’s , and celebrity ’s total liability under this agreement 
 exceed the amount actually receive by abg ( exclusive of reiumbursement of expense ) hereunder , regardless 
 of the number or type of claim . 
 9 . arbitration . in the event a dispute arise under this agreement which can not be resolve , such dispute shall be submit to arbitration 
 and resolve by a single arbitrator ( who shall be a lawyer ) in accordance with the commercial arbitration rule of the american arbitration 
 association then in effect . all such arbitration shall take place at the office of the american arbitration association locate in or near to new 
 york , new york . each party be entitle to depose at least two ( 2 ) fact witness and any expert witness designate by the other party , and to 
 conduct such other discovery as the arbitrator deem appropriate . the award or decision render by the arbitrator shall be final , binding and 
 conclusive and judgment may be enter upon such award by any court . 
 10 . confidentiality and non - disparagement . each party shall hold all confidential information receive pursuant to this agreement , 
 include the term and condition of this agreement and celebrity ’s personal and/or business affair , confidential and may only disclose they 
 ( i ) with the prior write consent of the other party , ( ii ) where require by law or ( iii ) to such party ’s advisor , attorney or other designee , as long 
 as such recipient also keep such information confidential . nevertheless , after the party have announce the association between celebrity 
 and papa john ’s or the association otherwise become public , each party may respond , discuss and comment in a favorable and positive manner 
 that celebrity be associate with papa john ’s during any public event and/or interview , subject to the requirement herein . all party agree 
 not to disparage or make derogatory comment , verbal or write , regard the other party during the term of the agreement , and for one year 
 thereafter . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 11 . force majeure . if , at any time during the term , celebrity and/or abg be prevent , hamper or interrupt by , or interfere with in , 
 in any manner whatsoever , fully perform either of their duty hereunder , by reason of : any present or future statute , law , ordinance , regulation , 
 order , judgment or decree , whether legislative , executive or judicial ( whether or not valid); any act of god , earthquake , fire , flood , epidemic , accident , 
 explosion or casualty; any lockout , boycott , strike , labor controversy ( include , without limitation , any threat of the foregoing); any riot , civil 
 disturbance , war or armed conflict ( whether or not there have be an official declaration of war or official statement as to the existence of a state of 
 war ) , invasion , occupation , intervention of military force or act of public enemy; any embargo , delay of a common carrier , inability without default 
 on celebrity and/or abg part to obtain sufficient material , labor , transportation , power or other essential commodity require in the conduct of 
 its business; any cause beyond the reasonable control of celebrity and/or abg; or any other cause of any similar nature ( each of the foregoing , 
 a " force majeure event " ) , then celebrity ’s and/or abg ’s obligation hereunder shall be suspend as often as any such force majeure event 
 occur and during such period(s ) of time as such force majeure event(s ) exist and such non - performance by shall not be deem to be a breach of 
 this agreement by celebrity or abg , or a forfeiture of any of celebrity ’s or abg ’s right hereunder . 
 12 . miscellaneous . 
 a. 
 severability . if any term or provision of this agreement shall be declare illegal , invalid , void or unenforceable by any 
 judicial or administrative authority , then ( i ) such provision shall be eliminate to the minimum extent necessary , and ( ii ) such provision shall be 
 reform and rewrite so as to most closely reflect the intention of abg and papa john ’s , such that this agreement shall otherwise remain in full 
 force and effect and enforceable . 
 b. 
 entire agreement . this agreement shall constitute the entire understanding between abg , celebrity and papa 
 john ’s with respect to the subject matter hereof , and can not be alter or modify except by an agreement or amendment in writing , sign by all 
 party . 
 c. 
 governing law . this agreement shall be govern by and construe in accordance with the law of the state of 
 delaware , without regard to its principle of conflict of law . 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 d. 
 waiver . the failure at any time of any party to demand strict performance of another party of any of the term , 
 covenant or condition set forth in this agreement will not be construe as a continue waiver or relinquishment thereof , and any party may , at 
 any time , demand strict and complete performance of any other party of such term , covenant , and condition . 
 e. 
 no joint venture . this agreement do not constitute and shall not be construe as constitute a partnership or joint 
 venture between papa john ’s and abg or celebrity . neither party shall have any right to obligate or bind the other party in any manner 
 whatsoever , and nothing contain herein shall give , or be intend to give , any right of any kind to any third person . 
 f. 
 notice . all notice , sample , claim , certificate , request , demand , and other communication ( other than payment ) 
 desire or require hereunder will be make in writing and will be deem to have be duly give if deliver to the party address by hand , or by 
 other mean of express courier service , address as follow : 
 to papa john ’s : 
 papa john ’s international , inc . and 
 papa john ’s marketing fund , inc . 
 2002 papa john ’s boulevard 
 louisville , kentucky 40299 
 with an electronic copy to : caroline_oylerpapajohns.com 
 to abg : 
 ( i ) 
 if to abg for question about submit approval request : 
 c / o authentic brand group , llc 
 1411 broadway , 4th floor 
 new york , ny 10018 
 attention : approval department 
 with electronic copy to : 
 approvalsabg - nyc.com; 
 csmeetonabg - nyc.com; 
 progersabg - nyc.com; and 
 mbergsonabg-nyc.com 
 facsimile number : ( 212 ) 760 - 2419 
 ( ii ) 
 if to abg for any other reason : 
 c / o authentic brand group , llc 
 1411 broadway , 4th floor 
 new york , ny 10018 
 attention : legal department 
 with an electronic copy to : legaldeptabg-nyc.com 
 facsimile number : ( 212 ) 760 - 2419 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 g. 
 right cumulative . except as expressly set forth herein , all right and remedy confer upon or reserve by the 
 party in this agreement shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall be in addition to all other right and remedy available to such party at law 
 or in equity or otherwise , include , without limitation , request for temporary and/or permanent injunctive relief . such right and remedy be not 
 intend to be exclusive of any other right or remedy and the exercise by either party of any right or remedy herein provide shall be without 
 prejudice to the exercise of any other right or remedy by such party provide herein or available at law or in equity . 
 h. 
 equitable relief . papa john ’s acknowledge that any breach by papa john ’s shall cause abg irreparable harm for 
 which there be no adequate remedy at law , and in the event of such breach , abg shall be entitle to , in addition to other available remedy , 
 injunctive or other equitable relief , include , without limitation , interim or emergency relief , include , without limitation , a temporary restraining 
 order or injunction , before any court with applicable jurisdiction , to protect or enforce its right . 
 i. 
 any section and any other obligation under the provision of this agreement which , by their term or implication , 
 have a continue effect , shall survive any expiration or termination of this agreement . 
 j. 
 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in multiple counterpart , each of which shall be deem an original , 
 but all of which together shall constitute one ( 1 ) agreement bind on all party hereto notwithstanding that all of the party hereto be not 
 signatory to the same counterpart . each of the party agree that an electronic signature evidence a party ’s execution of this agreement shall 
 be effective as an original signature and may be use in lieu of the original for any purpose . 
 [ signature page follow ] 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019 
 in witness whereof , the party hereto have duly execute this agreement effective the date first above write . 
 papa john ’s marketing fund , inc . 
 abg - shaq , llc 
 date : 6/6/19 
 date : june 11 , 2019 
 by : 
 /s/ steve ritchie 
 by : 
 jay dubiner 
 title : 
 president & ceo 
 title : general counsel 
 papa john ’s international , inc . 
 date : 6/6/19 
 by : 
 /s/ steve ritchie 
 title : 
 president & ceo 

 source : papa johns international inc , 8 - k , 6/17/2019