exhibit 10.1 

 endorsement agreement 

 this endorsement agreement ( " agreement " ) make october 30 , 2017 , between national football league alumnus - 
 northern california chapter ( " nfla - nc " ) , a charitable corporation organize under the law of california , have its principal 
 office at 1311 madison avenue , redwood can 94061; national football league alumnus , inc . ( " nfla " ) , a charitable corporation 
 organize under the law of florida , have its principal office at 8000 midlantic drive , 130 s. , mount laurel , nj . 08054 and food 
 for athlete , inc . a corporation organize under the law of california / gridiron bionutrient ™ , a corporation organize under 
 the law of nevada have their principal office(s ) at 1119 west 1st ave . , ste g , spokane , wa 99201 ( collectively the 
 " company " ) . 

 recital 

 a. 
 whereas , nfla be a nationwide group of former national football league player , coach , and other employee whose 
 mission be to serve , assist and inform player and their family . the association offer a variety of medical , financial and 
 social program to help member lead healthy , productive and connected life . 

 b. 
 whereas , nfla - nc be a local chapter of the nfla and support the organization " care for kid " initiative through 
 fundraising for youth - relate charity . 

 c. 
 the company desire to obtain the right to use the pro football legend logo of the nfla in connection with the 
 advertisement and promotion of certain of its product . an image of the pro football legend logo be depict in exhibit a. 

 d. 
 the nfla agree to license such right to the company . 

 in consideration of the matter describe above , and of the mutual benefit and obligation set forth in this agreement , 
 the party agree as follow : 

 section one . definition 

 as use in this agreement , the follow term shall be define as follow : 

 a. 
 " contract period " shall mean that period of time of three ( 3 ) year commence on november 1st , 2017 and conclude 
 november 2nd , 2020 , unless terminate soon or extend as provide in this agreement . 

 b. 
 " contract territory " shall mean worldwide . 

 c. 
 " contract year " shall mean each of the consecutive 12 - month period begin on the effective date of the agreement of 
 the contract period . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 d. 
 " gross sale " shall mean total revenue , under generally accept accounting principle , from sale of the licensed 
 product , but do not include any revenue from sale , use or other transaction taxis , duty , handling , graphic , 
 embroidery or shipping . 

 e. 
 " net sale " shall mean gross sale less product return , trade discount , sample , allowance , value add service , 
 markdown , customer charge back and liquidation sale ( substantially discount and out of ordinary distribution channel ) 
 of licensed product . 

 f. 
 " licensed product " shall mean blackmp living water , blackmp concentrate , zezel probiotic water , zayin sport water , 
 gridiron mvp ™ and gridiron mvp ™ concentrate use the pro football legend logo on the licensed product ' affix 
 label , hang - tag or packaging . other product of the company may be add to the list of licensed product during the 
 contract period by write amendment to this agreement . all amendment to this agreement must be sign by all party 
 to this agreement . 

 g. 
 " product " shall mean good manufacture , distribute or otherwise sell by the company . 

 h. 
 " license mark " shall mean in connection with the right and benefit grant to company hereunder as set forth in 
 general term . company may utilize only the logo and other trademark list on exhibit a ( the " licensed mark " ) during 
 the term and within the territory solely in connection with advertising and promotional material that identify company as a 
 sponsor of the pro football legend , provide that nfla first approve all such us in writing . any use of the licensed 
 mark will bear the trademark and/or copyright notice require by nfla to facilitate its trademark protection program and 
 will be a " work make for hire " for nfla . all of company ’s us of the licensed mark shall inure to the benefit of the 
 nfla . after the expiration or termination of this agreement , company will refrain from further use of the license mark 
 use pursuant to this agreement . company will not sublicense pass - through or otherwise grant to any third party the 
 right grant to company hereunder without the nfla prior write consent , include but not limit to the right to use 
 the license mark . company acknowledge that this agreement do not grant company any right with respect to any 
 other nfla mark ( define below ) , the name , likeness , signature , or other attribute of any nfla member or other 
 individual , or any audio or video of any nfla event . company agree that the quality of all service offer by company 
 under the licensed mark will conform to licensor ’s write quality control standard and that company will annually 
 provide to nfla sample of any advertising and marketing material that use the license mark . 

 i. 
 " trademark protection " for the purpose of this agreement , " nfla mark " mean the name , symbol , emblem , design , 
 and color of the nfla , include but not limit to the licensed mark . company acknowledge and agree that all right , 
 title and interest in and to the nfla mark belong to the nfla . company agree that nfla mark possess a special , 
 unique and extraordinary character that make difficult assessment of the monetary damage that would be sustain by 
 their unauthorized use . company recognize that irreparable injury would be cause by unauthorized use of any of the 
 nfla mark , and agree that injunctive and other equitable relief would be appropriate in the event of such unauthorized 
 use , and that such remedy would not be exclusive of other legal remedy available to nfla . company recognize that great 
 value and goodwill associate with nfla mark belong to the nfla and that the nfla mark have secondary meaning . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 j. 
 " nfla identification " mean the right to use , subject to the provision of this agreement , the nfla name , and pro football 
 legend logo and any other mean of endorsement by the nfla use in connection with the advertisement and promotion 
 of the company and the licensed product . 

 k. 
 " one ( 1 ) unit " shall represent 0.05 ( 1 unit = 0.05usd ) for purpose of define the monetary donation allocation of the 
 company ’s sell product to the nfla - nc , specific to the term of this agreement . a licensed product in no circumstance 
 shall be value at less than one ( 1 ) full unit and under no circumstance shall a unit be fractionalize ( if require round up 
 to the near whole number ) . 
 section two . grant of right 

 in consideration of the remuneration to be pay to the nfla - nc pursuant to this agreement , the nfla grant to company and 
 to its authorized distributor and sublicense the right and license during the contract period to use the nfla identification 
 solely in connection with the advertisement , marketing and promotion of the product within the contract territory as set forth in 
 this agreement . nfla agree not to grant the right to use the nflas identification to anyone other than company in 
 connection with the advertisement and promotion of product . it be understand that company , its authorized distributor and 
 sublicense may not use the name of the nfla in connection with any item for sale or resale , other than the product as 
 specify in this agreement . the foregoing right to use the name of the nfla be limit to television , radio and print advertising , 
 advertising publish over the internet ( provide that such material be limit to advertising or product promotion only ) , public 
 relation and marketing material , point - of - sale display , free standing insert , video show to customer and consumer , 
 catalog for customer and consumer , direct mail ( include e - mail ) and billboard . company shall ensure that all us of the 
 name of the nfla comply with applicable law . 

 section three . prior approval 

 company agree that no use of the name of the nfla identification nor any item use in connection with the name of nfla 
 identification ( include any licensed product ) will be make under this agreement unless and until the same be approve by the 
 nfla . the nfla agree that any material , advertising or otherwise , submit for approval as provide in this section may be 
 deem by company to have be approve under this section if the same be not disapprove in writing within ten ( 10 ) business 
 day after receipt of the material . the nfla agree that it will reasonably cooperate with company and that any material 
 submit under this section will not be unreasonably disapprove and , if it be disapprove , that company will be advise of the 
 specific ground for disapproval . if company desire immediate approval of advertising material , company shall have the right to 
 directly contact the nfla ’s authorize agent to obtain such approval . company agree to protect , indemnify and hold harmless 
 the nfla and their authorized agent , or any of they , from and against any and all expense , damage , claim , suit , action , 
 judgment and cost whatsoever , arise out of , or in any way connect with any advertising material furnish by , or on behalf 
 of company , except with respect to any inaccurate information furnish by they expressly for use in such advertising . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 section four . remuneration 

 in consideration of the endorsement right grant under this agreement , company shall provide the following remuneration : 

 a. 
 an initial one - time license fee of 35,000.00usd ( thirty - five thousand dollar ) payable to the nfla - nc; 

 b. 
 a one - time 10,000usd ( ten thousand dollar ) promotional fee payable to nfla . the 10,000 promotional fee shall be 
 payable in four ( 4 ) quarterly payment begin in 2018 : q1 ( 2500); q2 ( 2500); q3 ( 2500); q4 ( 2500 ) . each payment shall 
 be deliver by no later than the 10th day of the first month of each quarter . 

 c. 
 a donation of 0.05 per unit sell of licensed product within the contract territory payable to the nfl alumnus 
 northern california chapter . donate amount will be allocate and disperse to the northern california chapter begin 
 on the first full quarter [ three ( 3 ) month period ] of the agreement and continue on a quarterly basis thereafter for the term of 
 this agreement . where the following per unit conversion shall apply for the term of this agreement : 

 a. 
 ( 1 ) bottle of blackmp living 
 water 
 = 1 unit 

 b. 
 ( 1 ) 4 oz bottle of blackmp 
 concentrate 
 = 30 unit 

 c. 
 ( 1 ) bottle of zezel probiotic 
 water 
 = 1 unit 

 d. 
 ( 1 ) bottle of zayin sport water = 1 unit 

 e. 
 ( 1 ) bottle gridiron mvp ™ water= 1 unit 

 f. 
 ( 1 ) 4 oz bottle of gridiron mvp ™ 
 concentrate 
 = 30 unit 

 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 the nfla - nc will donate 15 of the above describe proceed to the nfla . 

 the company will provide to the nfla - nc upon request the most recent quarterly sale report of the company ’s 
 license product . 

 d. 
 product commitment . up to two - thousand ( 2,000 ) 4 oz bottle of blackmp living water concentrate to be use as a " value 
 appeal " for annual membership renewal ( up to a 220,000 value ) allocate to the nfla and provide a 
 combination / assortment of bottle water to nfla - nc for display and use though out the term of the agreement at the 
 nfla - nc facility . the company agree to pay for all shipping cost of the product under the product commitment to the 
 fulfillment center , currently sharp marketing , locate in fort lauderdale , fl and to any subsequent fulfillment center that be 
 contract by the nfla to provide distribution to exist and new nfla member . 

 e. 
 affiliate partnership commitment . company agree to facilitate and provide in good - faith their affiliated partnership 
 discount program benefit and access to applicable health and wellness research , information and protocol to nfla 
 member ( current partnership benefit include provide nfla member with a 15 discount on all kraski ’s nutrition real 
 product for real people); and 

 f. 
 marketing commitment . company agree that it will continue in good - faith to produce and market license product in the 
 same manner that it be currently produce and market such item as of september 2017 , unless company and the 
 nfla / nfla - nc believe it be not commercially reasonable to continue to produce and market the licensed product . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 section five . service of company 

 a. 
 resource call center . for the term of this agreement company shall provide a call in center whereby nfla member can 
 call for information , ask question , and consult with company ’s staff on detail and specific of the company ’s product 
 and replenishment program . 

 section six . service of nfla - nc 

 a. 
 if company desire to use the service of the nfla - nc and/or any of its officer and member as a model in connection 
 with company advertising to promote its product or as a part of a special promotional appearance for the company , the 
 nfla - nc agree , at the request of company , to provide a good faith effort service of the officer or member of the nfla 
 for a reasonable amount of time as mutually agree upon by all party and at place reasonably convenient to each party 
 schedule . each day shall not exceed a reasonable number of hour unless otherwise mutually agree upon . the company 
 agree that it will reimburse the nfla - nc and if applicable the nfla or its officer / member for all reasonable travel , 
 lodging and meal expense incur by the nfla / nfla - nc or its officer / member in connection with such service . the 
 company understand that failure to use service of a member of the nfla / nfla - nc pursuant to this section shall not 
 result in any reduction in payment to nfla - nc under this agreement . the obligation of the nfla / nfla - nc to provide 
 service of its officer / member under this agreement be subject to the condition that payment to nfla - nc be current 
 and up to date . 

 b. 
 should company use any member of the nfla - nc in television advertising to promote company ’s product , company will 
 make all applicable require union scale and pension and welfare payment . 

 c. 
 during the contract period , nfla - nc shall make a good faith effort to assure that its member shall wear company 
 product at all professional and promotional event and at all medium appearance where appropriate , and when not in 
 conflict with its member exist agreement . it be agree that the logo or name of company ( the " company logo " ) shall be 
 affix to an appropriate location ( i.e. shoulder - sleeve and/or back ] of all company product that member of the nfla - nc 
 wear . company agree that it will be responsible for , and the cost of , affix the company logo on all such company 
 product . company acknowledge that other location on the nfla - nc product be reserve for nfla - nc ’s other 
 sponsor . furthermore , company understand that if the nfla - nc or its officer / member participate in a special team 
 event where there be an official uniform , then representative of the nfla - nc be permit to wear such uniform during 
 such event . 

 d. 
 the nfla shall list the company as a sponsor on all of its promotional material , website or other electronic medium . the 
 nfla shall allow the company to participate in local and national nfla function ( i.e. super bowl party , award 
 ceremony , banquet , etc … ) at the company ’s own expense . 

 e. 
 the nfla shall promote company and company ’s product to nfla database and audience by deliverable list in 
 exhibit b. 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 section seven . payment 

 all payment shall be make by wire transfer draw to the account of nfla - nc no later than ten ( 10 ) business day after the end 
 of each quarter as follow : 

 0.05 per unit as describe herein of company ’s product sell in the contract territory payable to nfla - nc . donate 
 amount will be allocate and disperse to the nfla - nc beginning on the first full quarter ( three month period ) of the 
 agreement and continue on a quarterly basis thereafter for the term of this agreement . 

 past due payment under this agreement shall bear interest at the rate of : ( a ) 1 per month; or ( b ) the maximum interest rate 
 permissible under law , whichever be less . all amount in this section be in united states dollar . 

 section eight . authorize agent 

 each party shall designate its authorized agent for all purpose under this agreement . all notice or submission to be make or 
 deliver by the company , the nfla or the nfla - nc pursuant to this agreement shall be deliver to the agent ’s address 
 below , free of all charge ( for example , shipping charge and custom charge ) . if any such shipping charge be pay by another 
 party or by its authorized agent , the correspond party agree to make prompt reimbursement . all notice or submission to be 
 make or deliver to company pursuant to this agreement shall be deliver to : 

 the company 
 food for athlete / gridiron bionutrient ™ 
 attention : darren long 
 1147 n roseburg ct ste a , 
 visalia can , 93291 

 nfla - nc 
 national football league alumnus - northern california chapter 
 attention : russell isaacson - comptroller 
 1311 madison avenue 
 redwood ca 94061 

 nfla national football league alumnus , inc . 
 attention : elvis gooden 
 8000 midlantic drive , 130 s. 
 mount laurel , nj . 08054 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 section nine . default 

 a. 
 if either party at any time during the contract period shall : ( i ) fail to make any payment of any sum of money specify in this 
 agreement to be made; or ( ii ) fail to observe or perform any of the covenant , agreement or obligation under this 
 agreement ( other than the payment of money ) , the non - defaulting party may terminate this agreement as follow : as to a 
 default under clause ( i ) above , if such payment be not make within 10 business day after the default party shall have 
 receive write notice of such failure to make payment; or , as to a default under clause ( ii ) above , if such other default be not 
 cure within 30 day after the default party shall have receive write notice specify in reasonable detail the nature 
 of such default . in order to be a sufficient notice under this section , any such write notice shall specify in detail each item 
 of default and shall specify the provision of this agreement which apply to each item of default , and shall specify in detail 
 the action the default party be require to take in order to cure each item of default . the termination right set forth in this 
 section shall not constitute the exclusive remedy of the non - defaulting party under this agreement , however , and if default 
 be make by either party under this agreement , the other party may resort to such other remedy as such party would have 
 be entitle to if this section have be omit from this agreement , subject to the term of this agreement . termination 
 under the provision of this section shall be without prejudice to any right or claim which the terminate party may 
 otherwise have against the default party , and if company be the default party , company shall be responsible for any 
 and all payment due under the term of this agreement in addition to other liability set forth above . 

 b. 
 if company shall become bankrupt or insolvent , or if company ’s business shall be place in the hand of a receiver , 
 assignee or trustee , whether by voluntary act of company or otherwise , the contract period , at the election of nfla , shall 
 immediately terminate . 

 section ten . use of the nfla / nfla - nc ’s identification after termination 

 a. 
 except as provide in paragraph b of this section ten , from and after the termination of the contract period , all of the 
 right of company to the use of the name of the nfla shall cease absolutely and company subsequently shall not use or 
 refer to the nfla in advertising or promotion in any manner whatsoever . except as provide in paragraph b below , it be 
 far agree that follow termination of the contract period , company shall not advertise , promote , distribute or sell any 
 item whatsoever in connection with the use of any name , figure , design , logo , trademark or trade name similar to or 
 suggestive of the nfla . 

 1 . 
 company may liquidate and sell its inventory of licensed product ( include any inventory then in production ) for a 
 period of ninety ( 90 ) day after the termination date of the contract period , subject to the company ’s continue 
 obligation to pay the fee as provide above , and will deliver the sale report with respect to such liquidation sale 
 within 30 day follow the end of the first reach full quarter follow termination . 

 2 . 
 if company have not dispose of all licensed product as provide in subparagraph 1 above by the end of the 90 day 
 period , company , at its option , may either : ( a ) remove or obliterate entirely from such licensed product ( and any 
 label , tag , rider and the like ) all reference to any nfla identification , and then sell the same; or ( b ) destroy all such 
 remain licensed product . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 section eleven . trademark 

 company agree that it will not file , during the contract period or afterward , any application for trademark registration or 
 otherwise obtain or attempt to obtain ownership of any trademark or trade name within the contract territory or in any other 
 country of the world which consist of the nfla identification or any mark , design or logo intend to obtain any right to the 
 name of the nfla or to identify product as be endorse b the nfla . 

 section twelve . reservation of right 

 all right not specifically grant in this agreement to company shall remain the property of the nfla to be use in any manner 
 the nfla deem appropriate . company understand that the nfla have reserve the right to authorize other to use the name of 
 the nfla within the contract territory and during the contract period in connection with all tangible and intangible item and 
 service other than product themselves . nfla be not aware of any such right that would conflict with the nature or image of 
 company product . 

 section thirteen . indemnity 

 company agree to protect , indemnify and hold harmless the nfla / nfla - nc and their authorized agent , or any of they , from 
 and against any and all expense , damage , claim , suit , action , judgment and cost whatsoever , include reasonable 
 attorney ’s fee , arise out of , or in any way connect with , action or omission of company , any advertising material 
 furnish by , or an behalf of , company , or any claim or action for personal injury , death or other cause of action involve alleged 
 defect in company ’s product or service . company agree to provide and maintain , at its own expense , general commercial and 
 product liability insurance . 

 section fourteen . special right of termination 

 company shall have the right to terminate this agreement , upon write notice to the nfla / nfla - nc , if the commercial value 
 of the nfla ’s endorsement be substantially reduce because an officer of the nfla / nfla - nc : ( i ) have be charge with illegal 
 or immoral conduct which could result in a felony conviction and such charge have not be dismiss or terminate within 90 
 day . any termination pursuant to this section shall become effective on the business day next follow the date of receipt by 
 nfla of company ’s write notice to so terminate . 

 section fifteen . contract extension 

 due to long product development lead time , company and nfla - nc agree to begin discussion for the renewal of this 
 agreement by no later than june 1st , 2020 . all term of this agreement will automatically commence on november 1st , 2017 , and 
 expire on november 2nd , 2020 . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 section sixteen . limited liability 

 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , if company incur any expense , damage or other liability 
 ( include but not limit to reasonable attorney ’s fee ) in connection with the performance or nonperformance of any term or 
 provision of this agreement , nfla ’s liability to company shall not exceed the remuneration , exclude reimbursement of 
 expense , actually pay to nfla by company . in no event will nfla be liable for any indirect , incidental , reliance , special or 
 consequential damage arise out of the performance or nonperformance of this agreement , whether or not nfla have be 
 advise of the possibility of such damage . 

 section seventeen . waiver 

 the failure of either party at any time or time to demand strict performance by the other party of any of the term , covenant or 
 condition set forth in this agreement shall not be construe as a continue waiver or relinquishment of the same and each 
 party may at any time demand strict and complete performance by the other party of such term , covenant and condition . any 
 waiver of such right must be set forth in writing . 

 section eighteen . severability 

 if any provision of this agreement shall be declare illegal , invalid , void or unenforceable by any judicial or administrative 
 authority , the validity of any other provision and of the entire agreement shall not be affect by such declaration . 

 section nineteen . assignment 

 this agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of company and nfla and their respective successor and assign . 

 section twenty . govern law; arbitration 

 this agreement shall be govern by , and its provision enforce in accordance with , the law of california without regard to its 
 principle of conflict of law . if a dispute arise under this agreement which can not be resolve , such dispute shall be 
 submit to arbitration and resolve by a single arbitrator ( who shall be a lawyer not employ by or associate with either party 
 to this agreement ) in accordance with the commercial arbitration rule of the american arbitration association then in effect . 
 all such arbitration shall take place at the office of the american arbitration association locate within 225 mile of hayward , 
 california . each party be entitle to depose one fact witness and all expert witness retain by the other party , and to conduct 
 such other discovery as the arbitrator deem appropriate . the award or decision render by the arbitrator shall be final , bind 
 and conclusive and judgment may be enter upon such award by any court . 

 section twenty - one . heading 

 section heading contain in this agreement be solely for the purpose of aid in speedy location of subject matter and be 
 not in any sense to be give weight in the construction of this agreement . accordingly , in case of any question with respect to 
 the construction of this agreement , it be to be construe as though such section heading have be omit . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 section twenty - two . no joint venture 

 this agreement do not constitute and shall not be construe as constitute an association , partnership , joint venture or 
 relationship of principal and agent , or employer and employee , between nfla and company . neither party shall have any right to 
 obligate or bind the other party in any manner whatsoever except as expressly set forth in this agreement , nothing contain in 
 this agreement shall give , or be intend to give , any right of any kind to any person . 

 section twenty - three . entire agreement 

 this writing constitute the entire agreement between the party to this agreement and may not be change or modify except 
 by a writing sign by the party or party to be charge by such change or modification . 

 the party have execute this agreement on october 30 , 2017 . 

 food for athlete , inc . / gridiron bionutrient ™ 

 by : 
 /s/ darren long 

 darren long - ceo 

 the national football league alumnus , inc . 

 by : 
 /s/ elvis gooden 

 elvis gooden - president 

 nfl alumnus - northern california chapter 

 by : 
 /s/ eric price 

 eric price - president 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 exhibit a 
 pro football legend logo 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017 

 exhibit b 

 nfla agree to promote company and company ’s product to nfla database by : 

 1 . 
 e - blast : nfla to send a minimum of two ( 2 ) dedicated e - blast per year to nfla database . all e - blast communication 
 must be approve in writing by company; 

 2 . 
 newsletter : nfla to feature company in weekly newsletter " partner spotlight " a minimum of four ( 4 ) time per year . 
 all newsletter communication must be approve in writing by company; and 

 3 . 
 social medium : nfla to feature company on all social medium channel a minimum of four ( 4 ) time per year . all 
 newsletter communication must be approve in writing by company . 

 source : gridiron bionutrient , inc . , 8 - k , 12/6/2017