exhibit 10.1 
 master franchise agreement 
 this master franchise agreement ( " agreement " ) be make and enter into on the 20th day of november , 2018 ( the " effective date " ) at 
 mumbai , by and between smaaash entertainment private limited , an indian company , with its address at trade view , level 2 , kamala mill , low 
 parel , mumbai 400013 , india ( " franchisor " ) and I - be capital acquisition company , a company incorporate in the united states of america , with 
 an address at 1345 avenue of the america , 11th floor , new york , 10105 ( " franchisee " ) . 
 recital 
 a. whereas , franchisor operate entertainment center and gaming arcade throughout india as well as at the mall of the 
 america in minneapolis minnesota where franchisor , through its virtual reality and sport simulation technology and proprietary gamification 
 technology provide sport and recreational activity / services; and 
 b. whereas , franchisee be [ • ] ( add the business of the franchisee); and 
 c. whereas , franchisor desire to appoint franchisee , and franchisee desire to be so appoint , to act as franchisor ’s 
 exclusive franchisee in the territory of north america and south america ( " territory " ) in the manner set out in this agreement , for set up , 
 manage and operate entertainment centre and gaming arcade involve virtual reality , sport simulation technology and proprietary 
 gamification technology to provide sport and recreational activity / service to the public ( " smaaash centre " ) , upon the term and subject to the 
 condition hereinafter provide . 
 now , therefore , the party agree as follow : 
 1 . 
 grant of franchise 
 1.1 right grant to the franchisee . subject to section 1.2 , franchisor hereby grant to franchisee the exclusive right , ( a ) to 
 establish and operate smaaash centre in the territory , ( b ) to sub - license the right to establish and operate smaaash centre to third party 
 franchisee in and for the territory , ( c ) a license to use the product and other service develop by franchisor with respect to the smaaash 
 centre ( include a right to authorise the use of product and service develop by the franchisor by third party franchisee ) , in the territory , 
 and ( d ) to identify third party franchisee for the smaaash centre in the territory . the right grant herein include the limited license to use the 
 trademark of the franchisor ( the detail of which be morefully set out in exhibit a ) , as set out in section 3 of this agreement , for the purpose of 
 establish and operate the smaaash centre in the territory . it be clarify that if third party franchisee shall be establish and operate 
 smaaash centre in the manner contemplate under this agreement , then the franchisee shall ensure that such third party franchisee complie 
 with all the obligation and duty of the franchisee , as record under this agreement , and to this extent , franchisee may enter into relevant 
 agreement with such third party franchisee . 
 1.2 notwithstanding the right grant to the franchisee in section 1.1 , the franchisor and its affiliate shall retain the right on the 
 term and condition that the franchisor may deem fit and without grant any right therein to the franchisee , ( i ) to own , acquire , establish and / 
 or operate , and to a grant a license to third party to establish and operate smaaash centre at any location outside the territory , and ( ii ) to own , 
 acquire , establish and / or operate , and to grant a license to third party to establish and operate , gaming and entertainment centre under other 
 proprietary mark or other system , whether such centre be the same , similar or different from the smaaash centre , at any location within or 
 outside the territory . 
 1.3 this arrangement have be enter into by the party on an arms’length basis . all commercial between the party in relation 
 to the transaction contemplate under this agreement , if not specifically provide in this agreement , shall be agree mutually between the 
 party . 
 1.4 additional consideration 
 ( a ) pricing . franchisor and franchisee shall agree upon and decide the location at which the smaaash centre shall be set up 
 within the territory . the franchisee shall not be entitle to set up any new smaaash centre without consult with , and obtain the prior 
 write consent of smaaash . 
 ( b ) the price of the product and service offer in each of the smaaash centre shall be decide mutually among the party . 
 any revision to the agree fee , include any discount or prize or other promotional measure shall require the prior write consent from 
 franchisor . 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 ( c ) franchisee or the third party franchisee , as the case may be , shall be entitle to receive the revenue generate from each of the 
 smaaash centre . if third party franchisee be operate the smaaash centre , then the franchisee shall be entitle to receive , ( i ) 5 ( five percent ) 
 of the capital expenditure as agree among the party for the particular smaaash centre as sign -on fee or upfront advance , and ( ii ) 5 ( five 
 percent ) fee or commission of the revenue generate by such third party franchisee from the smaash centre on an annual basis . 
 1.5 operation of smaaash centre . franchisee or third party sub – franchisee shall be under an obligation to set up at least 6 ( six ) 
 smaaash centre during the first contract year or any other time period as may be provide by franchisor . the smaaash centre shall be 
 establish and operate in the territory use the assumed trade name ' smaaash’or any other trade name that the franchisor may designate . 
 franchisee shall maintain good customer relation in accordance with prudent and reasonable business practice . franchisee shall perform its 
 obligation hereunder without use subcontractor , sub - distributor , independent sale representative , agent , franchisee ’s affiliate or other 
 non - employee ( " third party " ) to perform the obligation of franchisee under this agreement except to the contrary specifically state in this 
 agreement or unless they have be approve , in writing , in advance , by franchisor , such approval not to be unreasonably withhold . 
 2 . term the term of this agreement shall commence as of the effective date and shall continue until terminate as hereinafter provide 
 ( the " term " ) . each calendar year during the term be sometimes hereinafter refer to as a " contract year . " 
 3 . grant of license in the trademark 
 3.1 license . subject to the term of this agreement ( include all obligation to first obtain franchisor ’s write approval ) , 
 franchisor hereby grant to franchisee the right to use the trademark ( the detail of which be set out in exhibit a to this agreement ) ( include 
 sub - license this right to third party franchisee with the approval of franchisor ) , on a royalty - free basis , for the purpose of operate and 
 promote the smaaash centre in the territory . franchisee be , in particular entitle to : 
 ( a ) offer , market and/or distribute any product and service in connection with the smaaash centre under the trademarks; and 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 b ) use the trademark on business stationery and/or in advertising in connection with the advertising , promotion and 
 distribution of smaaash centre in the territory . 
 3.2 exclusivity of license . except as provide in the next sentence , the license grant herein shall be exclusive . " exclusivity " 
 shall mean that franchisor shall not grant any further license to third party in the trademark for use in connection with smaaash centre in the 
 territory , and the franchisee shall not enter into any arrangement or agreement with any third party for establish or operate any gaming and 
 entertainment centre identical or similar to smaaash centre , in the territory except as otherwise provide in this agreement; provide , however , 
 that franchisor may continue to use the trademark in the territory in connection with the operation of franchisor ’s entertainment center already 
 set up as of the effective date in the territory . the restriction contain in this agreement shall apply on the party throughout the term . 
 3.3 form of use . unless otherwise provide herein or agree by the party in writing , franchisee shall use the trademark that 
 be register in the territory in their register form . 
 4 . compliance with law franchisee shall ensure that the smaaash centre shall be set up , establish , operate , manage , advertise , 
 market , promote , publicize and otherwise exploit , in accordance with all applicable law and regulation in the territory , include without 
 limitation , all custom requirement and country of origin regulation . 
 5 . marketing and promotional activity 
 5.1 good effort . 
 ( a ) franchisee shall exercise its good effort to effectively market , promote , and publicise the smaaash centre throughout the 
 territory . franchisee shall also be obligate to identify suitable location to set up the smaaash centre . franchisee shall comply with , and ensure 
 that the third party sub - franchisee comply with the standard prescribe by franchisor ( as provide in the operating manual which shall be 
 share by franchisor with franchisee ) with respect to the service , product and operation of the smaaash centre and shall operate the smaaash 
 centre in strict conformity with such standard and specification as franchisor may from time to time prescribe to franchisee . franchisee shall 
 refrain from deviate from such standard and specification without franchisor ’s prior write consent and from otherwise operate in any 
 manner which reflect adversely on the trademark and smaaash centre . 
 ( b ) unless otherwise agree by franchisor in writing , throughout the term , franchisee shall maintain , and shall ensure that the 
 third party sub – franchisee maintain an organizational structure or local management reasonably necessary to adequately support the advertising , 
 marketing and promotion of the smaaash centre and the service and product offer by smaaash centre throughout the territory . the third 
 party sub – franchisee shall also be responsible for all employee relate compliance as per the relevant applicable law . towards this purpose , 
 franchisee shall appoint a qualified chief operating officer , in consultation with franchisor , to undertake and manage the obligation of franchisee 
 as set out in this agreement . franchisor shall also be entitle to designate and appoint personnel from its managerial team to assist and train the 
 personnel and staff of the franchisee or any other third party sub - franchisee in set up the smaaash centre , and far provide technical and 
 design knowledge to the third party sub - franchisee . 
 5.2 promotional material and product . franchisee shall submit to franchisor , for franchisor ’s prior write approval , sample of 
 all advertising and promotional material that franchisee desire to use to promote smaaash centre , include without limitation , print and online 
 advertising design , trade show display material , press release and interview for publication in any medium ( " promotional material " ) . franchisee 
 shall modify any disapprove promotional material to satisfy franchisor ’s reasonable objection so that it be acceptable to franchisor . franchisor 
 shall provide franchisee with the creative element of any promotional material that franchisor create or acquire for use in connection with the 
 advertising and sale of product outside the territory . 
 6 . intellectual property 
 6.1 ownership . 
 ( a ) franchisor be the sole owner of any and all intellectual property right relate to the smaaash centre and their product and 
 service exist as of the effective date , include , but not limit to , the trademark and all the goodwill relate thereto ( the " franchisor 
 property " ) . franchisee , or any third party franchisee , by reason of this agreement , have not and shall not acquire any right , title , interest or claim of 
 ownership in any of the franchisor property in the territory or elsewhere , except to the extent provide under the license grant under section 1 
 and 3 of this agreement . 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 ( b ) franchisee acknowledge that , ( i ) franchisor be the sole and exclusive owner of all right , title and interest in any franchisor 
 property; ( ii ) nothing contain in this agreement shall give to franchisee any right , title or interest in any franchisor property; and ( iii ) 
 franchisee ’s use of the franchisor property , and any associate goodwill , shall inure only to the benefit of franchisor and shall be deem to be 
 solely the property of franchisor should this agreement be terminate for any reason . 
 6.2 registration and cooperation . franchisee shall not , directly or indirectly , seek or obtain any new registration for franchisor 
 property ( include without limitation , any colorable imitation , translation , or transliteration thereof ) , anywhere in the world without franchisor ’s 
 prior write consent . if franchisee have obtain or obtain in the future , in any country , any right , title or interest in any franchisor property 
 notwithstanding the previous sentence ( include any colorable imitation , translation , or transliteration thereof ) , franchisee will be deem to 
 have so act as an agent and for the benefit of franchisor for the limited purpose of obtain such registration and assign they to 
 franchisor . franchisee shall execute , for no additional consideration , any and all document deem necessary by franchisor or its attorney to be 
 necessary to transfer such right , title or interest to franchisor . 
 6.3 no challenge . franchisee shall not do anything or suffer anything to be do which may adversely affect any right of 
 franchisor in and to any franchisor property , or any registration thereof or which , directly or indirectly , may reduce or dilute the value or 
 distinctiveness of such franchisor property , in particular the trademark , or disparage or detract from franchisor ’s reputation . franchisee shall not 
 challenge , directly or indirectly , franchisor ’s interest in , or the validity of , any franchisor property , or any application for registration or trademark 
 registration thereof or any right of franchisor therein . the provision of this section 6.3 shall survive the termination of this agreement . 
 7 . third party infringements; attack on use of the trademarks; cooperation 
 7.1 third party infringement . 
 ( a ) mutual information . each of the party shall inform the other without undue delay when such party become aware of any 
 infringement of any of the franchisor property in the territory . 
 ( b ) initiation of action . any action against infringer of any of the franchisor property , whether or not such action involve 
 litigation ( include any action take to oppose a third party application to register an infringe trademark or a cancellation action against a third 
 party ’ infringe trademark registration ) , shall be exclusively reserve to franchisor , unless otherwise agree by franchisor in writing . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , franchisor shall be under no obligation to initiate any such action . if request by franchisor , franchisee shall 
 support franchisor , at franchisor ’s expense , in any such proceeding and , if request by franchisor , franchisee shall promptly provide 
 franchisor with any relevant documentation in franchisee ’s possession . 
 7.2 attack on the use of the franchisor property . each of the party shall inform the other if it become aware of a claim by a 
 third party that the use of any of any of the franchisor property infringe on the right of such third party . if request by franchisor , franchisee 
 shall support franchisor , at franchisor ’s expense , in connection with franchisor ’s defense against any such third party claim . unless otherwise 
 agree by franchisor in writing , franchisor shall take the lead in any defense against a third party action , whether bring against franchisor 
 and/or franchisee . the decision whether or not a defense be appropriate shall be in franchisor ’s sole discretion . franchisee shall not settle any 
 third party claim against it regard its use of any of the franchisor property without the prior write consent of franchisor . 
 7.3 indemnity . the franchisee shall indemnify and hold the franchisor , its affiliate and their respective agent and employee 
 harmless from all claim , action , suit , damage , cost and expense in relation to or arise out of the breach of any representation , warranty , 
 covenant and obligation of the franchisee as set out in this agreement . the indemnification right of the franchisor shall be without prejudice 
 to , and independent of any other right and remedy that the franchisor may have at law or in equity , include the right to seek specific 
 performance , injunctive relief or restitution , none of which right or remedy shall be affect or diminish thereby . the provision of this section 
 7.3 shall survive the termination of this agreement . 
 8 . termination 
 8.1 termination by mutual agreement . this agreement may be terminate at any time upon the mutual write agreement of the 
 party . 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 8.2 termination by franchisor with notice . franchisor may terminate this agreement upon thirty ( 30 ) day write notice to 
 franchisee upon the occurrence of any of the following : 
 ( a ) franchisee fail to make any payment require under or in connection with this agreement; 
 ( b ) franchisee cease to operate or otherwise abandon the smaaash centre without the consent of franchisor , or otherwise 
 forfeit the right to do or transact business in the territory; 
 ( c ) franchisee fail to use its good effort to market and promote smaaash centre and the service and product offer by 
 smaaash centre within the territory and such failure be not cure within thirty ( 30 ) day of franchisor ’s notification to franchisee of such failure . 
 8.3 termination for cause . this agreement may be terminate by either party for " cause " without the need of provide a notice 
 period prior to such termination become effective . " cause " shall exist if circumstance occur which , take into consideration the substance and 
 purpose of this agreement , would make it unreasonable for one or both of the party to continue the contractual relationship and the other party 
 fail to cure the cause ( assume that such cause be susceptible to cure ) within thirty ( 30 ) day after the date of receipt of a corresponding write 
 notice ( " remedy notice " ) . if such cause by its nature be not curable , then no such remedy notice be require . without limit the generality of the 
 foregoing , a party may terminate this agreement for " cause”if : 
 ( a ) the other party to this agreement be in breach of one or more of its material obligations; or 
 ( b ) the other party to this agreement become insolvent , generally can not pay its obligation when due or otherwise suffer a 
 substantial deterioration of its financial situation , or if insolvency / bankruptcy proceeding be initiate against such party or such party initiate 
 any dissolution or liquidation of its business and/or asset . 
 8.4 effect of termination . 
 ( a ) upon the termination of this agreement , any indebtedness of franchisee to franchisor shall become immediately due and 
 payable . franchisee shall immediately cease to operate the smaaash centre and shall not thereafter , directly or indirectly , represent to the public or 
 hold itself out as a franchisee of franchisor . franchisor shall have the right to suspend the performance of any of their obligation under this 
 agreement . franchisor shall have the right to provide the right and license grant herein to franchisee to any other third party entity that 
 franchisor may deem fit . 
 ( b ) all benefit which may accrue by reason of the activity of franchisee hereunder shall be deem transfer automatically to 
 franchisor , and all license and other right grant to franchisee hereunder shall immediately cease . unless otherwise agree by franchisor in 
 writing , franchisee shall immediately discontinue the advertising and marketing of smaaash centre and the product and service offer by 
 smaaash centre . 
 ( c ) each of the party shall continue to maintain in confidence any and all confidential information receive from the other party . 
 at franchisor ’s election , franchisor may purchase from franchisee any material use by franchisee for the advertising , marketing , promotion , 
 publicizing or other exploitation of smaaash centre and the product and service offer by the smaaash centre , include all promotional 
 material , franchisor property , or any other material which contain any of the trademark . 
 ( d ) the termination of this agreement for any reason shall not affect obligation accrue prior to the effective date of such 
 termination of this agreement or any obligation which , either expressly or from the context of this agreement , be intend to survive the 
 termination of this agreement . 
 9 . notice and other communication all report , approval , request , demand , notice and other communication ( collectively 
 " communication " ) require or permit by this agreement shall be in writing and sign by a duly authorize officer of or such other individual 
 designate in writing by a party . communication will be duly give if deliver personally , if mail ( by registered mail , return receipt request ) or 
 if deliver by nationally - recognize courier or mail service which require the addressee to acknowledge , in writing , the receipt thereof , to the 
 party concern at the follow address ( or at any other address as a party may specify by notice in write to the other ): 
 if to franchisor : 
 smaaash entertainment private limited 
 trade view , level 2 
 kamala mill 
 low parel , mumbai 400013 , india 
 attention : mr . vishwanath kotian 
 if to franchisee : 
 1345 avenue of the america , 11th floor 
 new york , ny 101015 , usa 
 attention : mr . suhel kanuga 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 10 . miscellaneous 
 10.1 entire agreement . this agreement contain the entire understanding and agreement between the party with respect to its 
 subject matter , supersede all prior oral or write understanding and agreement relate thereto and may not be modify , discharge or 
 terminate , nor may any of the provision hereof be waive , orally . 
 10.2 right to inspect and request information . during the term , franchisor shall have the right to conduct audits of franchisee 
 with respect to the smaaash centre , and inspect the smaaash centre , after provide a write notice of 5 ( five ) day . franchisee shall be under 
 an obligation to provide any information as may be request by franchisor with respect to the smaaash centre , include the book of account 
 and other relevant document or record maintain in relation to the smaaash centre . 
 10.3 insurance . during the term , franchisee shall maintain policy of insurance as may be request by franchisor , subject to 
 applicable law , in relation to the smaaash centre . 
 10.4 representation and warranty . each of the party represent and warrant to the other party that , ( i ) the agreement 
 constitute a valid , legal and binding obligation of such party and be enforceable against such party in accordance with its term , ( ii ) it have the 
 power and authority to execute the agreement and perform all its term , and ( iii ) the execution and performance of this agreement shall not violate 
 any charter document of such party , contravene any provision of law as applicable to such party ( include any order , decree , injunction of any 
 competent court ) or conflict with the provision of any material agreement or contract execute by such party . the provision of this section 10.4 
 shall survive the termination of this agreement . 
 10.5 governing law . ( a ) the party hereto have expressly agree that this agreement shall be govern by , and construe in 
 accordance with , the law of the state of new york , applicable to contract execute and fully to be perform therein , to the exclusion of any other 
 applicable body of govern law . 
 ( b ) except as hereafter provide , the party hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the new york state supreme court , county of 
 new york or in the united states district court for the southern district of new york to resolve any dispute arise under this agreement . 
 ( c ) in the event of any litigation or other action arise out of this agreement , the court shall award to the substantially prevail 
 party all reasonable cost and expense include reasonable attorney ’s fee . 
 10.6 waiver of jury . the party hereby waive any right to trial by jury in any proceeding arise out 
 of or relate to this agreement or any of the transaction contemplate under this agreement , whether now 
 or exist or hereafter arising , and whether sound in contract , tort or otherwise . the party agree that 
 any of they may file a copy of this section with any court as write evidence of the knowing , voluntary and 
 bargain for agreement among the party irrevocably to waive the trial by jury court , and that any 
 proceeding whatsoever between they relate to this agreement shall instead be try in a court of 
 competent jurisdiction by a judge sit without a jury . 
 10.7 force majeure . the party will not be liable to each other for any failure or delay in performance , other than failure to make 
 timely payment due under this agreement , if it be because of earthquake , flood , fire , act of god , civil unrest , terrorism , act of any governmental 
 authority or any other reason beyond the reasonable control of either or both of the party ( " force majeure " ) . however , either party may terminate 
 this agreement by and upon notice to the other if the other be unable to perform any of its material obligation for a period of thirty ( 30 ) day by 
 reason of a force majeure . 
 10.8 no joint venture . nothing herein be intend to constitute the party as partner or as joint venturer , or either as agent of 
 the other , and neither party may obligate or bind the other . 
 10.9 heading , definition and other particular . heading and title of section and/or paragraph be for convenience only . the 
 definition in this agreement shall apply equally to both the singular and plural form of the term define . whenever the context may require , any 
 pronoun shall include the correspond masculine , feminine and neuter form . the use of " include " in this agreement shall be construe as 
 illustrative . 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 10.10 amendment . this agreement shall , from the effective date , bind the party to the term herein and can not be amend 
 without the consent of the party . far , this agreement can not be terminate by any party except in accordance with clause 8 of this 
 agreement . 
 10.11 assignment . the franchisor shall be entitle to assign , transfer , encumber or dispose of any of its right and or obligation 
 under this agreement , include to an affiliate , without the prior write consent of the franchisee . the franchisee shall not be entitle to assign , 
 transfer , encumber or dispose of any of its right and or obligation under this agreement , include to an affiliate , without the prior write 
 consent of the franchisor . 
 10.12 expense . the franchisee shall bear all the cost and expense in relation to the execution of this agreement and the 
 consummation of all the transaction hereunder . 
 10.13 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in two ( 2 ) or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an original , 
 but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument . the delivery of sign counterpart by facsimile transmission or electronic mail in 
 " portable document format " ( " .pdf " ) shall be as effective as sign and deliver the document in person . 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 in witness whereof , the party hereto have duly execute this agreement the day and year first above write . 
 smaaash entertainment private limit 
 by : 
 /s/ shripal morakhia 
 name : shripal morakhia 
 title : 
 I - be capital acquisition company 
 by : 
 /s/ f. jacob cherian 
 name : f. jacob cherian 
 title : 
 chief executive officer 
 ( exhibit follow ) 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018 
 exhibit a 
 trademark 
 separately annexed 
 source : simplicity esport & gaming co , 8 - k , 11/30/2018