exhibit   99.2 
 e - business   host   agreement 
 1.0 
 introduction 
 this   e - business   host   agreement   ( " agreement " )   between   international   business   machine   corporation   ( " ibm " )   and    the   quantum 
 group   inc . ,   ( " customer " ) ,   set   forth   the   term   and   condition   under   which   ibm   will   provide   host   and   relate   service   ( " service " )   to 
 customer .   the   agreement   include   the   term   and   condition   and   the   document   reference   herein   ( " base   term " )   and   the   follow 
 attachment : 
 attachment   a   -   services; 
 attachment   b   –   host   components;   and 
 attachment   c   –   charge 
 in   the   event   of   a   conflict   between   the   base   term   and   an   attachment   list   herein   ( " attachment " ) ,   the   base   term   will   prevail ,   except 
 where   an   attachment ,   or   a   provision   contain   therein   expressly   state   that   it   will   prevail   over   the   base   term . 
 2.0 
 definition 
 " acceptable   use   policy "   mean   the   acceptable   use   policy   for   ibm   e - business   service ,   locate   on   the   internet   at 
 www.ibm.com/services/e-business/aup.html ,   as   of   the   effective   date ,   and   any   subsequent   modification   in   accordance   with   section 
 13.2   below . 
 " affiliate "   mean   entity   that   control ,   be   control   by ,   or   be   under   common   control   with   a   party   to   this   agreement . 
 " base   component "   mean   the   hardware   and   software   that   ibm   make   available ,   if   any ,   as   specify   in   attachment   b. 
 " bandwidth "   mean   the   measurement   of   sample   of   usage   take   every   five   ( 5 )   minute   during   a   calendar   month   and   collect   two   ( 2 ) 
 reading   ( cumulative   of   inbound   feed   and   cumulative   of   outbound   feed   at   the   same   measure   point   in   time ) .   the   measurement   be 
 store   and   become   datum   point .   at   the   end   of   the   month ,   all   datum   point   take   during   the   month   be   rank   in   ascend   order .   ibm   will 
 discard   the   top   five   percent   ( 5 )   for   each   set   ( inbound   and   outbound )   of   datum   point .   the   high   remain   sample   of   the   two   ( 2 )   set 
 become   the   customer ’s   commit   or   burstable   usage   number   for   that   billing   cycle . 
 " burstable   bandwidth "   mean   the   bandwidth   consumption   in   excess   of   the   committed   bandwidth . 
 " commit   bandwidth "   mean   the   fix   circuit   capacity   that   ibm   will   make   available   to   customer   for   connectivity   to   the   internet . 
 customer ’s   datum   traffic   between   the   e - business   host   center   and   the   internet   may   not   exceed   commit   bandwidth ,   unless 
 otherwise   expressly   specify   in   an   attachment . 
 " content "   mean   information ,   software ,   and   datum   that   customer   provide ,   include ,   without   limitation ,   any   hypertext   markup   language 
 file ,   script ,   program ,   recording ,   sound ,   music ,   graphic ,   image ,   applet   or   servlet   that   customer   or   its   subcontractor   or 
 service   recipient   create ,   install ,   upload   or   transfer   in   or   through   the   e - business   host   environment   and/or   customer   component . 
 " content   administrator "   mean   an   employee   or   subcontractor   of   customer   who   be   authorize   by   customer   to   install ,   upload   and/or 
 maintain   content   use   a   user   identification . 
 " customer "   mean   ibm ’s   customer   to   whom   the   service   be   be   provide . 
 " customer   component "   mean   the   hardware ,   software   and   other   product ,   datum   and   content   that   customer   provide ,   include   those 
 specify   in   attachment   b. 
 " customer   initiate   change "   mean   patch   or   change   to   the   environment   dictate   to   be   instal   by   customer ,   and   instal   by 
 either   customer   or   by   ibm . 
 " customer   production   ready   date "   or   " cprd "   mean   the   date   ( follow   the   host   service   ready   date )   that   the   follow   item   have 
 be   complete :   ( 1 )   customer   have   notify   ibm   that   customer   have   complete   application   testing   and   loading   of   customer   content ,   and 
 ( 2 )   ibm   have   notify   customer   that   monitor   and   reporting   have   be   enable   and   end   user   may   now   begin   use   the   service . 
 commencing   on   the   customer   production   ready   date ,   customer   will   not   have   administrative   access   for   fully   manage   device ,   unless 
 specifically   request   for   a   limit   period   of   time   mutually   agree   between   the   party ,   use   the   establish   change   management 
 procedure . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 " direct   access   storage "   or   " das "   mean   datum   storage   device   that   be   directly   attach   to   a   server . 
 " e - business   host   environment "   mean   the   base   component   and   the   ibm   provide   internet   access   bandwidth ,   collectively . 
 " host   service   ready   date "   mean   a   date   when   ibm   notifie   customer   that   service   be   available   for   customer   use   and   ibm 
 installation   responsibility   have   be   complete   for   such   service .   service   may   be   initiate   in   stage   and   monthly   recur   charge 
 will   begin   for   any   portion   of   service   specify   in   such   notification . 
 " e - business   host   center "   mean   a   facility   use   by   ibm   to   provide   service . 
 " internet "   mean   the   public   worldwide   network   of   tcp / ip - base   network . 
 " local   storage "   have   the   same   definition   as   direct   access   storage 
 " logical   unit   number "   or   " lun "   mean   the   individual   component   in   the   san   storage   system   that   may   be   access .   each   disk   or   disk 
 partition   in   a   san   storage   system   array   have   a   lun   assign   to   it . 
 " manage   application   service "   mean   a   service   provide   by   ibm   that   include   the   service   define   in   attachment   a   as   manage 
 application   service . 
 " manage   application   solution "   mean   a   customer ’s   application   host   environment   consist   of   network ,   storage   and   server   device 
 and   include   manage   application   service   for   all   of   the   device .   a   manage   application   solution   can not   contain   any   manage   device 
 that   do   not   also   include   manage   application   service   in   order   to   qualify   for   a   service   level   agreement   as   define   in   attachment   a. 
 " manage   nas   storage   –   dedicate   environment "   mean   a   physical   nas   storage   controller   and   associate   disk ,   provision   by   ibm 
 or   customer   that   be   dedicate   to   a   customer   and   manage   by   ibm . 
 " manage   nas   storage   –   share   environment "   mean   a   physical   nas   storage   controller   and   associate   disk ,   provision   by   ibm , 
 that   be   share   between   customer   and   manage   by   ibm .   resource   be   allocate   by   ibm   base   on   requirement   from   the   customer 
 and   these   resource   be   dedicate   for   the   customer ’s   use . 
 " manage   san   storage   -   dedicate   environment "   mean   a   physical   san   storage   controller   and   associate   disk   that   be   dedicate   to 
 customer   ( not   share   with   other   ibm   customer )   and   manage   by   ibm .   resource   be   allocate   by   ibm   base   on   requirement   from 
 the   customer . 
 " manage   san   storage   –   share   environment "   mean   a   physical   san   storage   controller   and   associate   disk   that   be   share   between 
 two   or   more   ibm   customer   and   manage   by   ibm .   resource   be   allocate   by   ibm   base   on   requirement   from   the   customer . 
 " manage   server "   mean   a   physical   or   virtual   server   base   component   for   which   ibm   be   provide   setup ,   configuration ,   administration 
 and   management   service . 
 " material "   mean   literary   or   other   work   of   authorship   ( such   as   program ,   program   listing ,   programming   tool ,   documentation , 
 report ,   drawing   and   similar   work )   that   ibm   may   deliver   to   customer   as   part   of   service .    " material "   do   not   include   license 
 program   product   available   under   their   own   license   agreement   or   base   component . 
 " middleware "   mean   any   programming   that   serve   to   " glue   together "   or   mediate   between   two   separate   and   often   already   exist 
 program .   a   common   application   of   middleware   be   to   allow   program   write   for   access   to   a   particular   database   to   access   other 
 database .   the   systematic   tie   together   of   disparate   application ,   often   through   the   use   of   middleware ,   be   know   as   application 
 integration . 
 " network   interface   card   ( nic )   mean   a   computer   circuit   board   or   card   that   be   instal   in   a   computer   so   that   it   can   be   connect   to   a 
 network . 
 " operational   assistance "   mean   the   additional   operational   and   physical   assistance   service   provide   by   ibm . 
 " operational   event "   mean   the   activity   relate   to   physical   operation   of   an   unmanaged   customer   environment .   these   activity   can 
 include : 
 device   reboot   or   restart 
 change   a   tape 
 change   a   cd   or   a   disk   floppy 
 prepare   tape   for   send   they   offsite 
 vendor   management   for   hardware   repair   or   replacement 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 other   type   of   event   with   the   prior   approval   of   the   ibm   pm 
 " operate   system "   or   " os "   mean   the   master   control   program   ( for   example ,   window   or   aix )   that   manage   a   computer 's   internal 
 function   and   provide   a   mean   of   control   to   the   computer 's   operation   and   file   system . 
 " os   image "   mean   the   initial   binary   image   that   a   boot   loader   load   into   memory   and   transfer   control   to   start   an   operate   system .   the 
 os   image   be   typically   an   executable   contain   the   operate   system   kernel . 
 " os   instance "   mean   an   occurrence   of   the   os   image . 
 " ping "   mean   a   utility   to   determine   whether   a   specific   ip   address   be   accessible . 
 " require   consent "   mean   any   consent   or   approval   require   to   give   ibm   and   its   subcontractor   the   right   or   license   to   access ,   use 
 and/or   modify   in   electronic   form   and   in   other   form ,   include   derivative   work ,   the   customer   component ,   without   infringe   the 
 ownership   or   intellectual   property   right   of   the   provider ,   licensor ,   or   owner   of   such   customer   component . 
 " service   recipient "   mean   any   entity   or   individual   receive   or   use   the   service ,   or   the   result   or   product   of   the   service . 
 " smarthand "   mean   the   additional   system   administrative   and   technical ,   physical   and   logical   assistance   service   provide   by   ibm . 
 m. " system   administration "   mean   day - to - day   routine   task   perform   in   a   production   environment   by   a   system   administrator .   this   do 
 not   include ,   re - carve   storage   sub - system ,   re - building   enterprise   class   system ,   major   upgrade   to   the   environment ,   major   security 
 service ,   database   administration ,   application   development ,   system   integration   or   extensive   performance   tuning   responsibility . 
 " storage   area   network "   or   " san "   mean   the   storage   area   network   environment   consist   of   a   storage   area   network   fabric   compose   of 
 storage   area   network   switch ,   host   bus   adapter   and   cable   and   a   storage   area   network   storage   controller   and   associate   disk . 
 " system   image "   mean   the   file   relate   to   the   os   and   application ,   but   exclude   customer   datum   file . 
 " subcontractor "   mean   a   contractor ,   vendor ,   agent ,   or   consultant   select   and   retain   by   ibm   or   customer ,   respectively . 
 " tcp / ip "   mean   transmission   control   protocol / internet   protocol . 
 " time   and   material   ( t&m ) "   mean   the   additional   operational ,   system   administrative   and   technical ,   physical   and   logical   assistance 
 service   provide   by   ibm   that   be   not   include   with   the   service   set   forth   in   attachment   a   –   service 
 " user   identification "   or   " user   i d "   mean   a   string   of   character   that   uniquely   identify   a   content   administrator . 
 " virtual   local   area   network   ( vlan ) "   mean   a   logical   grouping   of   two   or   more   device   which   be   not   necessarily   on   the   same   physical 
 network   segment ,   but   which   share   the   same   network   segment . 
 " virtual   private   network   ( vpn ) "   mean   a   private   network   that   use   a   public   network   ( usually   the   internet )   to   connect   remote   site   or 
 user   together . 
 " virtual   server "   mean   an   instance   of   a   fully   functional   server   reside   with   other   instance   on   a   physical   server   and   isolate   from   other 
 instance   via   virtualization   software   ( such   as   vmware )   and   share   the   resource   of   the   physical   server .    the   virtualization   software 
 provide   resource   management   for   all   of   the   instance . 
 3.0 
 ibm   service   responsibility 
 ibm   will   perform   the   service   describe   in   attachment   a   and   other   applicable   attachment . 
 ibm   contact 
 ibm   will   designate   an   individual   to   whom   customer   will   address   communication   specific   to   the   provision   of   the   service   provide   under 
 this   agreement   ( " ibm   contact " ) . 
 4.0 
 term   and   termination 
 term 
 this   agreement   will   be   effective   beginning   on   12:01   a.m. ,   eastern   time ,   on   the   day   after   the   date   of   last   signature   to   these   base   term 
 ( " effective   date " ) .   this   agreement   will   remain   in   effect   for   thirty - six   ( 36 ) 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 month   follow   the   host   service   ready   date   ( " term " ) ,   unless   terminate   early   in   accordance   with   the   term   herein . 
 termination   for   cause 
 customer   or   ibm   may   terminate   this   agreement   for   material   breach   of   this   agreement   by   the   other   upon   write   notice   contain   the 
 specific   nature   and   date   of   the   material   breach .    the   breach   party   will   have   thirty   ( 30 )   day   from   receipt   of   notice   to   cure   such 
 breach ,   except   for   nonpayment   by   customer ,   which   must   be   cure   within   five   ( 5 )   day   from   receipt   of   notice .   if   such   breach   have   not 
 be   timely   cure ,   then   the   non - breaching   party   may   immediately   terminate   this   agreement   upon   write   notice . 
 termination   for   convenience 
 customer   may   terminate   this   agreement ,   or   any   portion   of   service   specify   herein ,   for   convenience   by : 
 provide   at   least   sixty   ( 60 )   day   prior   write   notice   to   ibm;   and 
 pay   the   applicable   early   termination   charge   specify   in   attachment   c. 
 effect   of   termination 
 upon   the   date   of   termination ,   all   customer   payment   obligation   accrue   hereunder   through   the   date   of   termination   will   become   due   and 
 payable . 
 5.0 
 charge   and   payment 
 charge 
 customer   will   pay   to   ibm   all   applicable   charge   specify   in   attachment   c.   charge   may   be   specify   as   one - time ,   recur ,   or   usage . 
 ibm   will   invoice   such   charge   when   they   begin   or   be   due   as   set   forth   in   attachment   c. 
 payment 
 ibm   invoice   will   specify   the   amount   due .   payment   be   due   and   payable   by   month   end   for   any   invoice   receive   by   the   10th   of   the   month , 
 otherwise   payment   be   due   thirty   ( 30 )   day   from   receipt   of   invoice .   customer   agree   to   pay   accordingly ,   include   any   late   payment   fee . 
 payment   will   be   make   in   united   state   dollar . 
 taxis 
 customer   will   pay   or   provide   appropriate   exemption   documentation   for   all   taxis ,   duty ,   levy ,   and   any   other   fee   ( except   for   taxis 
 base   upon   ibm ’s   net   income )   relate   to   the   service   impose   by   any   governmental   authority .   charge   specify   herein   be   exclusive 
 of   any   such   taxis ,   duty ,   levy   or   fee . 
 6.0 
 warranty   and   disclaimer 
 ibm   representation   and   warranty 
 ibm   represent   and   warrant   that : 
 it   will   perform   the   service   use   reasonable   care   and   skill   and   in   accordance   with   this   agreement;   and 
 it   have   the   requisite   corporate   power   and   authority   to   execute ,   deliver   and   perform   its   obligation   under   this   agreement . 
 exclusivity   of   warranty 
 the   warranty   in   section   6.1   be   the   exclusive   warranty   from   ibm .    they   replace   all   other 
 warranty ,   include ,   without   limitation ,   the   imply   warranty   of   merchantability ,   and   fitness   for   a 
 particular   purpose . 
 security 
 customer   acknowledge   that   ibm   offer   numerous   security   option ,   and   it   be   customer ’s   responsibility   to   select   the   set   of   security 
 option   that   it   determine   meet   customer ’s   need .   ibm   will   implement   the   security   option   specify   herein . 
 customer   acknowledge   that   ibm   do   not   control   the   transfer   of   datum   over   telecommunication   facility ,   include   the   internet .   ibm 
 do   not   warrant   secure   operation   of   the   service   or   that   it   will   be   able   to   prevent   third   party   disruption   of   the   e - business   host 
 environment   or   customer   component . 
 customer   agree   that   ibm   shall   have   no   liability   for   any   provision   of   security - relate   service   or   advice   that   ibm   may   voluntarily   provide 
 outside   the   scope   of   service   specify   herein . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 other   disclaimer 
 ibm   do   not   warrant   uninterrupted   or   error - free   operation   of   any   service   or   that   ibm   will   correct   all   defect . 
 ibm   do   not   make   any   representation   or   warranty   with   respect   to   customer 's   responsibility   set   forth   in   section   11.6 . 
 ibm   provide   material ,   non - ibm   product ,   and   non - ibm   service    without   warranty   of   any   kind .    however ,   non - ibm 
 manufacturer ,   supplier ,   or   publisher   may   provide   their   own   warranty   to   you . 
 ibm   do   not   operate   as   a   provider   of   service   regulate   by   the   federal   communication   commission   ( fcc )   or   state   regulatory 
 authority   ( state   regulator ) ,   and   do   not   intend   to   provide   any   service   which   be   regulate   by   the   fcc   or   state   regulator .   if   the 
 fcc   or   any   state   regulator   impose   regulatory   requirement   or   obligation   on   any   service   provide   by   ibm   hereunder ,   ibm   may 
 change   the   way   in   which   such   service   be   provide   to   customer   to   avoid   the   application   of   such   requirement   or   obligation   to   ibm 
 ( e.g. ,   by   act   as   customer ’s   agent   for   acquire   such   service   from   a   third   party   common   carrier ) . 
 7.0 
 confidentiality 
 all   information   exchange   between   the   party   be   non - confidential .    if   either   or   both   party   require   the   exchange   of   confidential 
 information ,   such   information   will   be   exchange   under   the   term   and   condition   of   a   separate   write   confidentiality   agreement .   with 
 respect   to   any   confidential   information   contain   in   or   travel   through   the   e - business   host   environment   or   customer   component , 
 as   be   contemplate   herein ,   the   provision   of   section   6 ,   9 ,   and   10   herein   will   prevail   to   the   extent   of   any   inconsistent   provision   in   the 
 confidentiality   agreement . 
 8.0 
 indemnification 
 indemnification   by   ibm 
 if   a   third   party   claim   that   material   or   base   component   ibm   provide   to   customer   infringe   that   party ’s   patent   or   copyright ,   ibm   will 
 defend   the   customer   and   its   employee ,   officer ,   and   director   against   that   claim   at   ibm ’s   expense   and   pay   all   cost ,   damage ,   and 
 reasonable   attorney '   fee   that   a   court   finally   award   ( or   which   ibm   agree   in   any   final   settlement ) ,   provide   that   customer : 
 promptly   notifie   ibm   in   writing   of   the   claim;   and 
 allow   ibm   to   control ,   and   cooperate   with   ibm   in ,   the   defense   and   any   relate   settlement   negotiation . 
 if   such   a   claim   be   make   or   appear   likely   to   be   make ,   customer   agree   to   permit   ibm   to   enable   customer   to   continue   to   use   the 
 material   or   base   component ,   or   to   modify   they ,   or   replace   they   with   non - infringing   material   or   base   component   that   be   at   least 
 functionally   equivalent .   if   ibm   determine   that   none   of   these   alternative   be   reasonably   available ,   customer   agree   to   return   the   material 
 or   base   component   ( if   in   customer ’s   possession )   to   ibm   on   ibm ’s   write   request .    ibm   will   give   customer   a   credit   equal   to   the 
 amount   customer   pay   ibm   for   the   applicable   material   or   for   use   of   the   applicable   base   component   up   to   a   maximum   of   twelve   ( 12 ) 
 month   of   applicable   charge .   this   be   ibm ’s   entire   obligation   to   customer   with   regard   to   any   claim   of   infringement .   notwithstanding   the 
 foregoing ,   ibm   be   not   responsible   for   third   party   claim   base   on : 
 anything   customer   provide   which   be   incorporate   into   the   materials; 
 customer ’s   modification   of   the   materials; 
 the   combination ,   operation ,   or   use   of   the   material   with   any   product ,   datum ,   or   apparatus   that   ibm   do   not   provide;   or 
 non - ibm   hardware ,   software ,   or   datum ,   include   those   that   may   be   in   the   base   component . 
 indemnification   by   customer 
 customer   will   defend   ibm   and   its   affiliate   and   their   employee ,   officer ,   and   director ,   at   customer ’s   expense ,   and   pay   all   cost , 
 damage ,   and   reasonable   attorney '   fee   that   a   court   finally   award   ( or   which   customer   agree   in   any   final   settlement )   for   any   third 
 party   claim : 
 that   content   or   customer ’s   use   of   the   service   violate   a   customer ’s   obligation   in   section   11.3(b )   or   11.5   ( b); 
 that   customer   component   infringe   that   party ’s   patent   or   copyright; 
 that   be   bring   by   a   service   recipient   and   be   related ,   directly   or   indirectly ,   to   the   services;   or 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 arise   out   of   or   relate   to   a   mechanic '   lien   customer   be   require   to   cancel   and   discharge   pursuant   to   this   agreement . 
 for   indemnification   under   this   section   8.2 ,   ibm   will : 
 promptly   notify   customer   in   writing   of   the   claim;   and 
 allow   customer   to   control ,   and   will   cooperate   with   customer   in ,   the   defense   and   any   relate   settlement   negotiation . 
 9.0 
 limitation   of   ibm ’s   liability 
 circumstance   may   arise   where ,   because   of   a   default   on   ibm ’s   part   or   other   liability ,   customer   be   entitle   to   recover   damage   from   ibm . 
 regardless   of   the   basis   on   which   customer   be   entitle   to   claim   damage   from   ibm   ( include   fundamental   breach ,   negligence , 
 misrepresentation ,   or   other   contract   or   tort   claim ) ,   ibm   be   liable   for   no   more   than : 
 indemnification   payment   as   provide   in   section   8.1; 
 damage   for   bodily   injury   ( include   death )   and   damage   to   real   property   and   tangible   personal   property;   and 
 the   amount   of   any   other   actual   direct   damage ,   up   to   the   great   of   100,000   or   the   charge   pay   by   customer   to   ibm   for   the   service 
 in   the   twelve   ( 12 )   month   immediately   precede   the   accrual   of   the   first   claim   relate   to   the   service .   the   forego   limit   also   apply   to 
 any   of   ibm ’s   affiliate   and   subcontractor .    it   be   the   cumulative   maximum   for   which   ibm   and   its   affiliate   and   subcontractor   be 
 collectively   responsible .   under   no   circumstance   be   ibm ,   its   affiliate   or   its   subcontractor   liable   for   any   of   the   following : 
 third   party   claim   against   customer   for   damage   ( other   than   those   expressly   provide   in   subsection   9.0(a )   and   9.0(b));   or 
 loss   of ,   or   damage   to ,   customer ’s   or   any   other   entity ’s   record   or   datum . 
 10.0 
 disclaimer   of   consequential   damage 
 in   no   event   will   either   party   be   liable   to   the   other   for   special ,   incidental ,   or   indirect   damage   or   for   any   consequential   damage   ( include 
 lose   profit   or   saving ) ,   even   if   they   be   inform   of   the   possibility;   provide   that   this   section   10.0   do   not   apply   to   customer ’s   failure   to 
 pay   any   amount   owe   to   ibm   under   this   agreement   ( include   amount   owe   for   service   that   would   have   be   render   but   for 
 customer ’s   breach   of   this   agreement ) .  
 11.0 
 other   customer   obligation 
 customer   contact 
 customer   will   designate   an   individual   to   whom   all   of   ibm ’s   communication   will   be   address   and   who   have   the   authority   to   act   and 
 make   decision   for   customer   in   all   aspect   of   the   service ,   include   request   change ,   problem   resolution ,   service   request , 
 assignment   of   customer   focal   point   with   authority   over   specific   service ,   and   designation   of   customer   authorize   representative 
 ( " customer   contact " ) . 
 service   support 
 customer   will   comply   with   its   responsibility   to   support   the   service   as   specify   in   applicable   attachment .   such   obligation   be   to   be 
 perform   at   no   charge   to   ibm .   ibm ’s   obligation   be   contingent   on   customer   meeting   such   support   obligation . 
 representation   and   warranty 
 customer   represent   and   warrant   that : 
 it   have   the   requisite   corporate   power   and   authority   to   execute ,   deliver   and   perform   its   obligation   under   this   agreement;   customer   have 
 no   contractual   or   other   obligation   that   ( i )   restrict   or   prohibit   customer 's   execution   or   performance   of   this   agreement ,   or   ( ii )   customer 
 will   breach   in   connection   with   the   execution   or   performance   of   this   agreement;   and 
 its   use   of   the   service   and   all   content   will   comply   with   the   acceptable   use   policy . 
 suspect   violation 
 ibm   reserve   the   right   to   investigate   potential   violation   of   the   representation   and   warranty   in   subsection   11.3(b ) .   if   ibm   reasonably 
 determine   that   a   breach   of   any   such   warranty   have   occur ,   then   ibm   may ,   in   its   sole   discretion : 
 restrict   customer ’s   access   to   the   services; 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 remove   or   require   removal   of   any   offend   content; 
 terminate   this   agreement   for   cause;   and/or 
 exercise   other   right   and   remedy ,   at   law   or   in   equity . 
 except   in   an   emergency   or   as   may   otherwise   be   require   by   law ,   before   undertake   the   activity   in   subsection   11.4(a )   or   11.4(b ) ,   ibm 
 will   attempt   to   notify   customer   by   any   reasonably   practical   mean   under   the   circumstance ,   such   as ,   without   limitation ,   by   telephone 
 or   e - mail . 
 customer   will   promptly   notify   ibm   of   any   event   or   circumstance   relate   to   this   agreement ,   customer ’s   use   of   the   service ,   or   content 
 of   which   customer   become   aware   that   could   lead   to   a   claim   or   demand   against   ibm   and   customer   will   provide   all   relevant   information 
 relate   to   such   event   or   circumstance   to   ibm   at   ibm ’s   request . 
 customer   component 
 customer   ( or   its   affiliate   or   third   party )   retain   all   right ,   title ,   and   interest   or   license   in   and   to   the   customer   component . 
 customer   hereby   grant   to   ibm ,   its   affiliate   and   subcontractor   all   right   and   license   to ,   or   agree   to   promptly   obtain   and   keep   in 
 effect   require   consent   for   all   customer   component ,   necessary   for   ibm   to   perform   all   of   its   obligation   as   set   forth   in   this 
 agreement .    upon   request ,   customer   will   provide   to   ibm   evidence   of   any   such   right ,   license ,   or   require   consent .    ibm   will   be 
 relieve   of   its   obligation   to   the   extent   that   they   be   affect   by   customer ’s   failure   to   promptly   obtain   and   provide   to   ibm   any   such 
 right ,   license ,   or   require   consent .   ibm   will   adhere   to   reasonable   term   and   condition   pertain   to   customer   component   as 
 notify   in   writing   to   ibm . 
 ibm   agree   not   to   remove   or   alter   any   copyright   or   other   proprietary   notice   on   or   in   any   customer   component   without   customer ’s 
 consent . 
 capacity   planning 
 customer   acknowledge   it   be   its   responsibility   to   determine   whether   the   service ,   e - business   host   environment ,   customer 
 component   and   their   combination   will   meet   customer ’s   capacity ,   performance ,   or   scalability   need .    customer   be   responsible   for 
 planning   for   and   request   change   to   the   e - business   host   environment ,   include   any   additional   capacity   require   to   support 
 anticipate   peak   in   demand   that   may   significantly   increase   web   site   hit ,   transaction   volume ,   or   otherwise   increase   system   resource 
 utilization . 
 content 
 customer   be   solely   responsible   for : 
 all   content   include ,   without   limitation ,   its   selection ,   creation ,   encryption ,   transmission ,   transfer ,   design ,   licensing ,   installation , 
 accuracy ,   maintenance ,   testing ,   backup   and   support; 
 all   copyright ,   patent   and   trademark   clearance   in   all   applicable   jurisdiction   and   usage   agreement   for   any   and   all   content; 
 the   selection   and   implementation   of   control   on   the   access   and   use   of   content;   and 
 the   selection ,   management ,   separate   storage   of   key ,   and   use   of   any   public   and   private   key   and   digital   certificate   it   may   use   with   the 
 service . 
 12.0 
 other   license   and   right 
 license   for   base   component 
 ibm   ( or   its   affiliate   or   subcontractor )   retain   all   right ,   title ,   and   interest   in   base   component . 
 ibm   grant   customer   a   nonexclusive ,   nontransferable ,   revocable   license   to   access   and   use   the   base   component   solely   in   connection 
 with   the   service   as   provide   under   this   agreement .   customer   agree   not   to   download   or   otherwise   copy ,   reverse   assemble ,   reverse 
 compile ,   decompile ,   or   otherwise   translate   the   software   portion   of   the   base   component ,   other   than   to   make   one   copy   for   backup 
 purpose . 
 if   ibm   provide   as   a   base   component   a   microsoft   corporation   product ,   the   term   and   condition   of   the   microsoft 
 customer   license   term   will   also   apply   for   such   product .    such   term   be   locate   on   the   internet   at 
 http://www.ibm.com/services/e-business/hosting/microsoftlicense.html . 
 customer   agree   not   to   remove   or   alter   any   copyright   or   other   proprietary   notice   on   or   in   any   base   component   without   ibm ’s   consent . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 no   sale   or   lease   of   good 
 as   between   customer   and   ibm ,   ibm   retain   all   right ,   title   and   interest   in   the   base   component .   no   good   be   sell   or   lease   by   ibm 
 under   this   agreement .   if   customer   desire   to   purchase   or   lease   good   from   ibm ,   such   purchase   or   lease   will   be   govern   by   a   separate 
 mutually   acceptable   write   agreement   between   customer   and   ibm   or   an   ibm   affiliate . 
 no   lease   of   real   property 
 this   agreement   be   a   service   agreement   and   not   a   lease   of   any   real   property . 
 13.0 
 change 
 service   description 
 ibm ,   in   its   reasonable   discretion ,   may   change   the   term   and   condition   of   attachment   a   upon   at   least   ninety   ( 90 )   day   prior   notice   to 
 customer   if   such   change   be   the   result   of : 
 law ,   regulation ,   or   similar   governmental   action; 
 a   ruling   by   a   court   of   competent   jurisdiction;   or 
 change   in   the   method   of   service   delivery   that   affect   similar   ibm   e - business   host   customer . 
 change   as   a   result   of   a ,   b ,   or   c   above   will   be   effective   on   the   date   ibm   specifie   in   the   notice . 
 acceptable   use   policy 
 ibm ,   in   its   reasonable   discretion ,   may   modify   the   acceptable   use   policy   upon   thirty   ( 30 )   day '   prior   notice   to   customer .    if   such 
 modification   have   a   material   adverse   effect   on   the   customer ’s   use   of   the   service   and   provide   such   modification   be   not   require   by   law , 
 regulation ,   or   similar   governmental   action ,   or   a   ruling   by   a   court   of   competent   jurisdiction ,   customer ’s   sole   remedy   be   to   terminate   this 
 agreement   without   the   payment   of   termination   charge   provide   customer   give   ibm   notice   of   its   intent   to   terminate   within   ninety   ( 90 ) 
 day   of   the   effective   date   of   such   modification . 
 project   change   control   procedure 
 this   agreement   may   be   amend   only   by   a   writing   sign   by   authorize   representative   of   both   party .   request   for   such   amendment 
 ( " project   change   request "   or   " pcr " )   should   be   submit   in   writing   by   the   request   party .   the   pcr   should   reference   this   agreement , 
 describe   in   a   reasonable   level   of   detail   the   propose   change ,   the   rationale   for   the   change ,   and   the   impact   the   propose   change   may 
 have   on   the   agreement .   the   party   will   review   the   pcr   and   will   do   one   of   the   following : 
 authorize   the   change   by   sign   the   pcr; 
 agree   in   writing   to   submit   the   pcr   for   further   investigation .   in   such   case ,   customer   agree   to   pay   ibm   for   its   reasonable   charge ,   if 
 any ,   for   such   investigation .   the   investigation   will   determine   the   technical   merit   and   the   effect   on   the   charge ,   schedule ,   and   other 
 term   and   condition   that   may   result   from   the   implementation   of   the   pcr .   the   party   will   then   decide   either   to   accept   or   to   reject   the 
 pcr;   or 
 reject   the   pcr .   if   the   pcr   be   reject ,   the   reject   party   will   inform   the   request   party   of   the   reason   for   the   rejection . 
 a   mutually   sign   pcr   will   be   deem   an   amendment   to   this   agreement .   any   modification   of   this   agreement   request   by   customer 
 as   a   result   of   law   applicable   to   customer   will   be   consider   a   pcr   cover   by   this   subsection .   until   a   change   be   agree   in   writing , 
 both   party   will   continue   to   act   in   accordance   with   the   late   agree   version   of   the   agreement . 
 14.0 
 general 
 heading 
 the   heading   of   the   various   section   of   this   agreement   have   be   insert   for   convenience   only   and   shall   not   affect   the   interpretation   of 
 this   agreement . 
 survival 
 any   of   these   term   and   condition   which   by   their   nature   extend   beyond   the   agreement   termination   or   expiration   remain   in   effect   until 
 fulfil ,   include ,   without   limitation ,   section   4.4 ,   5 ,   6 ,   7 ,   8 ,   9 ,   10 ,   11.3 ,   11.4 ,   11.7 ,   12.2 ,   12.3 ,   and   14 ,   and   apply   to   both   customer ’s 
 and   ibm ’s   respective   successor   and   assignee . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 choice   of   law 
 this   agreement   will   be   govern   by   the   substantive   law   of   the   state   of   new   york ,   without   regard   for   its   conflict   of   law   provision . 
 waiver   of   jury   trial 
 the   party   waive   any   right   to   a   jury   trial   in   any   proceeding   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   this   agreement . 
 severability 
 if   any   provision   of   this   agreement   shall   be   hold   by   a   court   of   competent   jurisdiction   to   be   invalid ,   illegal ,   or   unenforceable ,   the   validity , 
 legality ,   and   enforceability   of   the   remain   provision   of   this   agreement   shall   in   no   way   be   affect   or   impair   thereby ,   so   long   as   the 
 remain   provision   of   this   agreement   still   express   the   original   intent   of   the   party .    if   the   original   intent   of   the   party   can   not   be 
 preserve ,   this   agreement   shall   either   be   renegotiate   or   terminate . 
 publicity   and   trademark 
 neither   party   grant   the   other   the   right   to   use   its   or   any   of   its   affiliate '   trademark ,   trade   name ,   or   other   designation   in   any 
 promotion ,   publication ,   or   web   site   without   prior   write   consent .   except   as   may   be   require   by   law   or   as   may   be   require   by   ibm   to 
 perform   the   service ,   neither   party   may   disclose   to   any   third   party   the   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement ,   without   prior   write 
 consent . 
 no   third - party   beneficiary 
 except   as   expressly   provide   in   section   8 ,   this   agreement   do   not   create   any   intend   third   party   beneficiary   right . 
 personnel 
 each   party   be   responsible   for   the   supervision ,   direction ,   and   control   of   its   respective   personnel .   ibm   reserve   the   right   to   determine   the 
 assignment   of   its   personnel .   ibm   may   subcontract   portion   of   the   service   to   subcontractor   and   affiliate   select   by   ibm . 
 no   agency 
 this   agreement   do   not   create   an   agency ,   joint   venture ,   or   partnership   between   the   party . 
 assignment 
 neither   party   may   assign   this   agreement ,   in   whole   or   in   part ,   without   the   prior   write   consent   of   the   other .   any   attempt   to   do   so   be   void . 
 neither   party   will   unreasonably   withhold   such   consent .   the   assignment   of   this   agreement ,   in   whole   or   in   part ,   to   any   affiliate   in   the 
 united   state   or   to   a   successor   organization   by   merger   or   acquisition   do   not   require   the   consent   of   the   other .   ibm   be   also   permit   to 
 assign   its   right   to   payment   under   this   agreement   without   obtain   customer ’s   consent .   it   be   not   consider   an   assignment   for   ibm 
 to   div   a   portion   of   its   business   in   a   manner   that   similarly   affect   all   of   its   customer . 
 no   resale 
 customer   shall   not   resell   the   service ,   in   whole   or   in   part .    this   do   not   prevent   customer   from   make   their   content   available   to 
 customer ’s   end   user . 
 risk   of   loss 
 risk   of   loss   for   all   base   component   shall   at   all   time   remain   with   ibm .   risk   of   loss   for   all   customer   component   shall   at   all   time 
 remain   with   customer . 
 force   majeure 
 except   for   payment   obligation   hereunder ,   neither   party   be   responsible   to   fulfill   its   obligation   to   the   extent   due   to   cause   beyond   its 
 control . 
 action   period 
 neither   party   will   bring   a   legal   action   relate   to   this   agreement   more   than   two   year   after   the   cause   of   action   accrue . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 waiver 
 the   failure   of   one   party   to   insist   upon   strict   adherence   to   any   term   of   this   agreement   on   any   occasion   shall   not   be   consider   a   waiver , 
 nor   shall   it   deprive   that   party   of   the   right   to   insist   later   on   adherence   thereto .   any   waiver   must   be   in   writing   and   sign   by   an   authorize 
 representative   of   the   waive   party . 
 freedom   of   action 
 each   party   be   free   to   enter   into   similar   agreement   with   other . 
 limitation   of   license 
 each   of   we   grant   only   the   license   or   right   expressly   specify   herein .   no   other   license   or   right   ( include   license   or   right   under 
 patent )   be   grant ,   either   directly ,   by   implication ,   estoppel ,   or   otherwise . 
 material 
 for   material   that   ibm   deliver   to   customer   that   be   create   during   the   performance   of   service   or   otherwise   ( such   as   those   that 
 preexist   the   service ) ,   ibm   or   third   party   have   all   right ,   title ,   and   interest   ( include   ownership   of   copyright ) .   ibm   will   deliver   one   copy   of 
 the   material   to   customer .   ibm   grant   customer   an   irrevocable ,   nonexclusive ,   worldwide ,   pay - up   license   to   use ,   execute ,   reproduce , 
 display ,   and   perform   copy   of   such   material   and   distribute   within   customer ’s   affiliate   only .    customer   agree   to   reproduce   the 
 copyright   notice   and   any   other   legend   of   ownership   on   any   copy   make . 
 business   contact   information 
 customer   agree   to   allow   ibm   and   its   affiliate   to   store   and   use   customer ’s   business   contact   information ,   include   name ,   business 
 phone   number ,   and   business   e - mail   address ,   anywhere   they   do   business .   such   information   will   be   process   and   use   in 
 connection   with   our   business   relationship ,   and   may   be   provide   to   contractor   act   on   ibm ’s   behalf ,   ibm   business   partner   who 
 promote ,   market ,   and   support   certain   ibm   product   and   service ,   and   assignee   of   ibm   and   it ’s   affiliate   for   use   consistent   with   our 
 business   relationship . 
 datum   protection 
 for   personal   information   process   by   ibm   on   customer ’s   behalf   as   part   of   the   service ,   ibm   will   act   in   accordance   with   customer ’s 
 instruction   by   follow   such   processing   and   security   obligation   as   be   contain   in   this   agreement .    customer   also   confirm   that 
 customer   be   solely   responsible   for   ensure   that   any   processing   and   security   obligation   comply   with   applicable   datum   protection   law . 
 customer ’s   contact   information   shall   not   be   consider   personal   information   process   on   customer ’s   behalf . 
 geographic   scope 
 the   party   agree   that   while   service   recipient   outside   of   the   united   state   of   america   may   access   the   service ,   customer ’s   right 
 and   ibm ’s   obligation   arise   out   of   the   agreement   be   valid   only   in   the   united   state   of   america . 
 notice 
 any   notice   require   or   permit   hereunder   will   be   effective   upon   receipt   and   will   be   personally   delivered;   mail   via   the   postal   service; 
 send   by   reliable   overnight   courier;   or   transmit   by   confirm   facsimile .   except   for   notice   under   section   11.4 ,   all   notice   will   be   in 
 writing   and   address   to   the   applicable   party ’s   designate   representative   at   the   address   specify   in   this   agreement .    except   as   to 
 notice   permit   or   require   under   section   4   or   8 ,   the   party   agree   that   electronic   mail   message   send   between   they   use   security 
 procedure   sufficient   to   reasonably   authenticate   they   will   be   deem   writing .   in   addition ,   ibm   may   provide   notice   under   section   13.2 
 by   a   posting   to   the   web   site   identify   in   section   2.0   ( a ) . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
 in   enter   into   this   agreement ,   customer   be   not   rely   upon   any   representation   make   by   or   on   behalf   of   ibm   that   be   not   specify   in   the 
 agreement ,   include   without   limitation ,   the   charge   to   be   pay   or   the   result   of   any   of   the   service   to   be   provide   under   this   agreement . 
 by   signing   below ,   customer   and   ibm   agree   that   this   agreement ,   include   these   base   term   and   attachment ,   be   the   complete 
 agreement   between   the   party   relate   to   this   subject   matter .   once   sign ,   1 )   any   reproduction   of   this   agreement   or   an   attachment 
 make   by   reliable   mean   ( for   example ,   photocopy   or   facsimile )   be   consider   an   original   and   2 )   all   service   order   under   this   agreement 
 be   subject   to   it . 
 after   signing ,   please   return   a   copy   of   this   agreement   to   the   ibm   or   partner   sale   representative   list   above . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 attachment   a   –   service 
 1.0 
 description 
 ibm   will   provide   a   host   infrastructure   and   relate   service   in   an   e - business   host   center   as   describe   herein   ( " manage   host 
 service " ) .    ibm   shall   have   sole   root   access   ( privilege   access   with   authority   to   perform   system - level   function   or   security 
 administration )   for   all   base   component ,   except   for   partially   manage   server   ( " partially   manage   server " )   specify   in   attachment   b. 
 ibm ’s   schedule   maintenance   hour   for   the   e - business   host   center   be   each   sunday   between   3:00   a.m.   and   6:00   a.m.   local   time . 
 manage   host   service   may   not   be   available   during   this   time .    ibm   reserve   the   right   to   interrupt   manage   host   service   to 
 perform   emergency   maintenance   as   need .    in   any   such   circumstance ,   ibm   will   use   commercially   reasonable   measure   to   notify 
 customer .   schedule   maintenance   hour   may   change   upon   notice . 
 2.0 
 base   component   software 
 ibm   will   provide   the   follow   base   component   software : 
 base   component   software   select   by   ibm   for   server   monitoring   and   management; 
 base   component   software   select   by   ibm   for   antivirus   scanning   of   window   2003   servers; 
 base   component   software   select   by   ibm   to   enable   backup   and   restoration   services;   and 
 base   component   software   specify   in   attachment   b. 
 upon   expiration   or   termination   of   this   attachment ,   customer   will   certify   in   writing   to   ibm   that   all   use   of   software   base   component   by 
 customer   have   cease   and   that   customer   have   retain   no   copy   of   such   software . 
 3.0 
 customer   component 
 customer   will   provide   customer   component   identify   in   attachment   b ,   subject   to   the   follow   provision : 
 the   provision   for   and   expense   of   installation   and   maintenance   for   customer   component   be   the   responsibility   of   customer .    upon 
 customer ’s   request ,   ibm   will   schedule   maintenance ,   notify   customer   of   the   schedule ,   provide   access   to   the   e - business   host   center 
 for   customer ’s   authorize   maintenance   vendor   as   require ,   and   escort   authorize   maintenance   personnel   while   on   premise   at   an   e- 
 business   host   center; 
 customer   be   responsible   for   obtain   and   maintain   personal   property   insurance   sufficient   to   cover   the   value   of   customer 
 components; 
 customer   be   responsible   for   any   shipping   or   temporary   storage   cost   incur   during   the   delivery   of   customer   component   to   the   e- 
 business   host   center   or   removal   of   customer   component   from   the   e - business   host   center ,   unless   otherwise   expressly   set   forth 
 in   an   attachment; 
 customer   be   responsible   for   authorize   its   content   administrator   to   access   and   modify   content   by   provide   user   identification   to 
 such   content   administrator   and   for   the   control   and   distribution   of   user   identification   and   any   misuse   of   such   user   identifications;   and 
 on   or   before   five   ( 5 )   day   follow   expiration   or   termination   of   this   attachment ,   customer   will   erase   customer   component   from   any 
 server   and   disk   space   that   ibm   provide   as   base   component .   on   or   before   fifteen   ( 15 )   day   follow   expiration   or   termination   of   this 
 attachment ,   customer   will   remove   all   customer   component   and   any   other   customer   property   from   the   e - business   host   center 
 ( exclude   any   base   component   and   other   ibm   property ) .   if   customer   do   not   remove   or   erase   customer   component   and   its   other 
 property   within   such   period ,   ibm   have   the   option   to : 
 move   any   and   all   customer   component   and   other   customer   property   to   storage   and   charge   customer   all   associate   costs; 
 liquidate   customer   component   and   other   customer   property   in   any   reasonable   manner   and   charge   customer   all   associate   costs; 
 and 
 erase   all   customer   component   from   server   and   disk   space   that   ibm   provide   as   base   component . 
 4.0 
 service   provide   by   ibm 
 ip   address   service 
 ibm   will   provide   the   number   of   register   primary   ip   address   specify   in   attachment   b. 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 transition   management 
 ibm   will   assign   a   transition   manager   to   manage   and   oversee   the   installation   and   integration   of   base   and/or   customer   component 
 specify   in   attachment   b   and   prepare   for   ongoing   operation .   the   project   manager   will : 
 participate   in   a   pre - boarding   call   with   customer   to   review   customer ’s   host   environment   and   identify   information   need   for 
 installation; 
 report   installation   status   to   customer; 
 schedule   and   conduct   a   boarding   call   with   customer   to   confirm   that   installation   of   customer ’s   host   environment   be   complete   and   that 
 it   be   ready   for   use   ( host   service   ready   date);   and 
 be   available   to   assist   customer   with   question   and   issue   during   normal   business   hour   for   the   e - business   host   center   ( monday 
 through   friday ,   8:00   a.m.   -   6:00   p.m. ,   exclude   national   holiday ) . 
 steady   state   support 
 ibm   will   assign   a   project   manager   who   will   be   a   single   point   of   contact   during   the   ongoing   provision   of   service   to   assist   customer   with 
 implementation   of   additional   service   and   resolution   of   problem .   the   account   support   representative   will : 
 notify   customer   of   plan   or   emergency   e - business   host   center   maintenance; 
 assist   with   change   requests;   and 
 be   available   to   assist   customer   with   question   and   issue   during   normal   business   hour   for   the   e - business   host   center   ( monday 
 through   friday ,   8:00   a.m.   -   6:00   p.m. ,   exclude   national   holiday ) . 
 management   segment 
 ibm   will   provide   a   local   area   network   connection   that   will   enable   ibm   to   manage   base   and/or   customer   component   and   provide   other 
 service   at   the   e - business   host   center .    ibm   will   implement   a   vlan   and   any   routing   and   switch   configuration   within   the   ibm 
 host   infrastructure   that   be   need   to   support   a   management   segment . 
 4.4.1 
 backup   segment 
 ibm   will   provide   a   gigabit   local   area   network   connection   that   will   enable   ibm   to   manage   the   backup   of   the   system   image   and   will   also 
 provide   a   san   connection   to   manage   the   backup   of   customer   datum .   ibm   will   implement   a   backup   vlan   and   any   routing   and   switch 
 configuration   within   the   ibm   host   infrastructure   that   be   need   to   support   a   backup   segment . 
 internet   connectivity 
 ibm   will   provide   a   primary   connection   between   the   e - business   host   center   and   the   internet   with   internet   commit   bandwidth   in 
 increment   of   one   ( 1 )   mbps   as   select   by   customer   and   specify   in   attachment   b.    customer   will   provision   and   manage   all   ssl 
 certificate . 
 ibm   will   assign   private   ip   address   for   customer 's   server   at   the   e - business   host   center .   customer   be   responsible   for   work   with 
 ibm   during   the   technical   discovery   phase   to   ensure   that   these   ip   address   do   not   pose   any   conflict   with   customer 's   exist   ip 
 address   schema .   during   the   term   ibm   shall   not   change   the   public   ip   address(s )   assign   to   the   customer   without   the   customer ’s 
 prior   write   consent . 
 customer ’s   datum   traffic   between   the   ibm   e - business   host   center   and   the   internet   may   exceed   commit   bandwidth ,   if   capacity   be 
 available   from   the   ibm   e - business   host   center   network   infrastructure . 
 each   calendar   month ,   ibm   will   measure   customer ’s   actual   bandwidth   usage   by   sample   the   inbound   and   outbound   datum   traffic   volume 
 between   the   ibm   e - business   host   center   and   the   internet   every   five   ( 5 )   minute .   at   the   end   of   the   month ,   ibm   will   discard   the   five 
 percent   ( 5 )   of   the   sample   with   the   high   datum   traffic   volume .   customer ’s   " peak   bandwidth   usage "   for   that   month   be   the   remain 
 sample   with   the   high   datum   traffic   volume .    if   customer ’s   peak   bandwidth   usage   for   the   month   exceed   committed   bandwidth , 
 customer   will   incur   a   peak   bandwidth   usage   charge ,   for   the   amount   of   usage   that   exceed   committed   bandwidth ,   at   the   rate   specify 
 in   attachment   c. 
 in   addition ,   ibm   will   provide   access   to   bandwidth   utilization   report   through   a   customer   accessible   web   portal . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 manage   switch ,   firewall   and   load   balance 
 ibm   will   provide   the   installation   and   ongoing   management   of   switch ,   firewall   and   load   balance   component   specify   in   attachment   b. 
 ibm   will : 
 install   the   switch   and   firewall   component   define   in   attachment   b ,   implement   switch   and   firewall   setting   request   by   customer ,   and 
 test   one   ( 1 )   path   to   each   network   interface   card   ( include   secondary )   in   each   component; 
 operate   and   provide   support   for   all   switch   and   firewall   component   request   in   the   attachment   b   and   monitor   their   availability   7x24 
 every   day   of   the   year; 
 provide   on - call   technical   support   7x24   every   day   of   the   year   for   switch   and   firewall   component   that   may   include : 
 assistance   with   problem   determination; 
 reboot / power - on   of   fail   switch   and   firewall   component   and   provide   customer   notification;   and 
 implementation   of   change   to   switch   and   firewall   setting   request   by   customer . 
 back   up   of   customer - request   switch   and   firewall   setting   and   the   restoration   of   setting   in   the   event   of   a   failure; 
 provide   customer   daily   status   of   firewall   via   a   customer   accessible   ibm   web   portal; 
 provide   customer   daily   status   of   their   network   via   the   customer   accessible   ibm   web   portal; 
 ibm   will   assign   private   ip   address   in   the   range   of   10.200.x.x   for   the   private   network   for   component   server   at   the   host   facility . 
 customer   be   responsible   for   work   with   ibm   during   the   technical   due   diligence   period   to   ensure   that   these   ip   address   do   not   pose 
 any   conflict   with   customer 's   exist   ip   address   schema; 
 in   case   of   a   conflict ,   customer   will   provide   network   address   translation   ( nating )   for   the   ip   address   in   conflict;   and 
 the   ipsec   tunnel   for   the   vpns   will   be   base   on   ipsec   3 - des   technology . 
 support   the   follow   load   balance   technique .    the   actual   technique   to   be   use   for   customer   will   be   determine   during 
 implementation   and   document   in   the   operation   run   book   maintain   by   ibm . 
 round   robin   ( default   load   balance   technique ) 
 connection   be   distribute   evenly   across   all   member   in   the   pool . 
 ratio 
 member   -   connection   be   send   to   a   member   with   a   high   ratio   number   more   often   than   a   member   with   a   low   ratio   number . 
 node   address   -   the   total   number   of   connection   send   to   a   member   in   the   pool   be   determine   by   the   weight   number   you   assign   the   node 
 address . 
 least   connection 
 member   -   connection   be   send   to   the   member   with   the   least   active   connection . 
 node   address   -   connection   be   send   to   the   node   serve   the   least   amount   of   connection . 
 observe 
 0 . member   -   connection   be   send   to   a   member   base   on   a   combination   of   the   number   of   current   connection   and   the   response   time   of 
 the   member .   the   load   balancer   analyze   the   performance   of   the   member   over   time   and   send   connection   to   the   member   base   on 
 the   trend . 
 . node   address   -   connection   be   send   to   a   node   base   on   a   combination   of   the 
 number   of   current   connection   and   the   response   time   of   the 
 node .   the   load   balancer   analyze   the   performance   of   the   node   over   time   and   send   connection   to   the   node   base   on   the   trend . 
 2 . predictive 
 3 . member   -   connection   be   send   to   a   member   base   on   a   combination   of   the   number   of   current   connection   and   the   response   time   of 
 the   member   over   time . 
 4 . node   address   -   connection   be   send   to   a   node   base   on   a   combination   of   the   number   of   current   connection   and   the   response   time   of 
 the   node   over   time . 
 5 . fast   node   address   -   connection   be   send   to   the   node   that   respond   most   quickly . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 security   management 
 the   security   management   specify   in   this   section   be   include   as   part   of   the   switch   &   firewall   service   specify   above . 
 ibm   will : 
 be   responsible   for   day - to - day   logical   security   management   for   the   firewall(s ) ,   switch   and   server   dedicate   to   customer ’s   e - business 
 host   environment; 
 assist   in   logically   connect   ( at   osi   layer   3 )   customer   network   to   the   ibm   manage   network   only   when   the   connection   be 
 specifically   identify   and   agree   to   in   advance   by   both   party   in   writing; 
 implement   and   administer   technical   and   procedural   control   to   prevent   unauthorized ,   logical   access; 
 report   incident   of   security   breach   or   suspect   security   breach   to   customer; 
 replace   software   vendor - supply   default   password   setting   with   unique   secure   passwords; 
 implement   network   intrusion   detection / event   log   mechanisms; 
 host   base   intrusion   for   an   additional   fee ,   if   request   by   customer; 
 perform   regular   vulnerability   scan   of   instal   base   component   software   for : 
 know / report   component   vulnerability 
 available   security   patch / fixes; 
 include   firewall   and   all   ip   enable   device   in   the   network   both   inside   as   well   as   outside   the   firewall; 
 scan   external   connection   to   the   customer 's   environment; 
 scan   the   internal   connection   to   the   customer 's   servers; 
 scan   the   connection   to   the   supplier   management   and   backup   segments; 
 update   list   of   common   vulnerability   signature   weekly; 
 update   list   of   security   patch   by   device   and   os   weekly; 
 perform   weekly   scan   of   all   ip   enable   devices; 
 0 . post   weekly   exception   report   to   the   customer   accessible   web   portal; 
 . recommend   corrective   action; 
 2 . notify   customer   of   all   critical   vulnerability   discover   during   the   scan; 
 3 . notify   customer   of   all   repeat   vulnerability   that   have   not   be   correct   or   acknowledge   by   the   customer; 
 4 . outage   cause   by   customer   not   approve   supplier   recommend   vulnerability   fix   will   not   be   eligible   for   sla . 
 5 . know / report   component   vulnerabilities;   and 
 6 . install   available   security   patch / fix   at   the   early   opportunity   afford   by   the   change   control   process; 
 install   available   security   patch / fix   use   the   change   control   process ,   as   approve   by   the   customer   in   writing; 
 establish   rule   for   password   selection   and   control ,   for   example : 
 password   must   be   robust   and   not   incremental ,   easily   discern ,   and   change   on   regular   interval   such   as   90   days; 
 user   id   /   password   should   be   disable   after   a   predefine   number   of   unsuccessful   access   attempt   or   after   a   period   of   prolong 
 inactivity; 
 if   support   by   the   operate   system / application ,   the   software   should   enforce   password   syntax   and   change   interval; 
 define   and   implement   clear   procedure   for   detecting ,   recording   and   report   security   incident   and   issue . 
 fully   manage   server 
 ibm   will   provide   installation   and   ongoing   management   of   server   base   and/or   customer   component   specify   ( as   fully   manage 
 server )   in   attachment   b ,   24x7   everyday   of   the   year .   follow   installation   and   prior   to   ibm   begin   ongoing   management ,   customer 
 may   request   root   access   for   a   limit   period   of   time ,   solely   for   the   purpose   of   load   and   configure   customer   content .   it   be   require 
 that   the   customer 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 will   not   modify   or   change   any   of   the   administrative   area   ( for   example ,   unix   / ,   /etc ,   /bin ,   /usr / sbin ,   or   /var )   without   write   consent   from 
 ibm .    ibm   will   not   begin   ongoing   server   management   until   customer   return   sole   root   access   to   ibm   and   ibm   verifie   that   the 
 environment   be   stable   and   supportable . 
 ibm   will : 
 install   the   manage   server   request   in   a   attachment   b   include   infrastructure   relate   software   object   module   consist   of   a 
 predefine   combination   of   operate   system ,   applicable   fix ,   select   security   /   virus   patch   for   window   base   system , 
 management   tool   and   agents; 
 test   network   connectivity   path   to   server   component   request   in   a   attachment   b; 
 perform   the   operation   event   and   predefine   action   for   manage   server   request   in   a   attachment   b; 
 provide   technical   support ,   include   problem   determination ,   for   the   device   hardware   and   os .    ibm   will   install   agent   to   monitor   and 
 report   on   only   the   follow : 
 network   interface   up / down 
 physical   memory   utilization 
 processor   utilization   –   overall 
 disk   space   utilization 
 os   service   and/or   daemon 
 provide   routine   server   administration   for   the   manage   server   request   in   the   applicable   attachment   a; 
 perform   one   ( 1 )   weekly   full   and   six   ( 6 )   daily   incremental   backup   of   system   image   during   the   schedule   maintenance   window   unless 
 otherwise   set   forth   in   the   applicable   attachment   a.   the   system   image   will   capture   the   information   necessary   to   be   able   to   perform   a 
 successful   single   step   bare   metal   restore . 
 provide   retention   in   the   ibm   library   for   weekly   full   backup   of   system   image   for   a   period   of   fourteen   ( 14 )   calendar   day   unless   otherwise 
 set   forth   in   the   applicable   attachment   b; 
 restore   system   image   at   no   additional   charge   up   to   two   ( 2 )   time   per   month   per   manage   server   per   customer .   this   exclude   bare 
 metal   restore .   bare   metal   restore   may   be   perform   for   an   additional   charge   use   smarthand   rate . 
 provide   offsite   storage   for   weekly   backup   of   system   image .   such   backup   shall   be   send   offsite   once   a   week   and   be   retain   offsite   for 
 a   period   of   twenty - eight   ( 28 )   calendar   day   unless   otherwise   set   forth   in   the   applicable   attachment   b;   provide   daily   status   of   the   state 
 of   the   customer   environment   use   a   customer   accessible   ibm   web   portal; 
 provide   detail   and   a   monthly   summary   of   the   threshold   be   monitor   use   a   customer   accessible   ibm   web   portal; 
 provide   detail   and   a   monthly   summary   of   the   utilization   of   manage   server   component   such   as   cpu ,   memory   and   disk .   report   will 
 be   provide   use   the   customer   accessible   ibm   web   portal; 
 provide   detail   of   trouble   ticket   and   their   status   and   action   take   to   resolve   the   trouble   ticket   use   a   customer   accessible   ibm   web 
 portal; 
 identify   maintenance   release   for   support   o / s   technology   outline   in   attachment   d   ( support   technology )   and   provide 
 assessment   and   notification   to   customer; 
 apply   os   maintenance   release   that   be   approve   by   ibm; 
 identify   security   patch / hotfixe   for   support   o / s   technology   outline   in   attachment   d   ( support   technology )   and ,   for   critical 
 patch ,   provide   assessment   and   notification   to   customer   and   the   ibm   pe   and   ibm   pm   within   seventy - two   ( 72 )   hour   of   release   from 
 vendor; 
 apply   patch   to   the   os   that   be   approve   by   ibm   or   customer;   and 
 provide   device   availability   statistic   for   manage   server   use   a   customer   accessible   ibm   web   portal . 
 in   addition ,   the   follow   will   apply   for   manage   server : 
 when   ibm   own   administrative   right ,   then   follow   installation   and   prior   to   ibm   begin   ongoing   management ,   customer   may 
 request   root   access   for   a   limit   period   of   time ,   solely   for   the   purpose   of   load   and   configure   customer   content .   it   be   require   that 
 the   customer   will   not   modify   or   change   any   of   the   administrative   right   ( e.g.   linux   / ,   /etc ,   /bin ,   /usr / sbin ,   /var ,   etc;   microsoft   local 
 administrator   account / group ,   user   right   assignment ,   system   file / directory   permission ,   etc )   without   write 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 consent   from   ibm .   ibm   will   not   begin   ongoing   server   management   until   customer   return   sole   root   access   to   ibm   and   ibm   verifie   that 
 the   environment   be   stable   and   supportable . 
 when   ibm   own   administrative   right ,   customer   may   request   temporary   administrative   right   in   writing   during   ongoing   management .   it 
 be   require   that   the   customer   will   not   modify   or   change   any   of   the   administrative   right   ( e.g.   linux   / ,   /etc ,   /bin ,   /usr / sbin ,   /var ,   etc; 
 microsoft   local   administrator   account / group ,   user   right   assignment ,   system   file / directory   permission ,   etc )   without   write 
 consent   from   ibm .   during   this   period   the   sla   will   be   suspend . 
 if   customer   choose   to   own   administrative   right ,   sla   for   those   manage   server   will   be   suspend   for   the   term   of   the   attachment   b. 
 ibm   may   request   temporary   administrative   right   to   deploy   patch   and   other   administrative   task . 
 although   there   be   no   limitation   on   the   number   of   change   request ,   the   number   of   emergency   request   will   be   limit   to   three   ( 3 ) 
 request   per   month ,   per   customer   at   no   additional   charge .   additional   request   shall   be   at   the   smarthand   rate . 
 customer   must   test   their   application   and   approve   the   ibm   apply   maintenance   release   for   their   os   such   that   the   environment   be 
 always   within   two   maintenance   release .   all   sla   will   be   suspend   and   service   will   be   provide   on   a   good   effort   basis   for   any 
 environment   that   do   not   comply   with   this   requirement . 
 ibm   will   support   the   current   release   ( " n " )   and   the   release   immediately   precede   the   current   release   ( " n-1 " )   of   the   operate   system 
 software .   ibm   and   ibm   will   work   jointly   to   determine   when   operate   system   and   micro   code   upgrade   and   fix   be   apply . 
 ibm   will   not : 
 setup   and   maintain   customer   end   users; 
 install ,   maintain   or   support   customer   applications; 
 provide   application   troubleshoot   service   unless   manage   application   service   or   t&m   service   have   be   purchased; 
 perform   logical   database   administration;   and 
 perform   backup   of   customer   content .   such   backup   be   provide   as   part   of   the   storage   service   as   outline   in   this   attachment   a. 
 monitoring   of   fully   manage   server 
 ibm   will   install   software   component   to   enable   monitoring   of   the   base   and/or   customer   component   specify   in   attachment   b.   on   a 
 24x7   everyday   of   the   year   basis ,   ibm   will : 
 monitor   all   network   interface   card   ( nic); 
 monitor   select   operate   system   threshold ,   log   and   processes; 
 respond   to   exception   and   alert .   ibm   will   execute   any   internal   standard   operate   procedure   ( sop )   or   a   reasonable   sop   provide 
 by   customer .   additionally ,   ibm   will   make   the   initial   determination   as   to   whether   the   issue   fall   within   the   operational / system / network 
 area   or   be   an   application   issue; 
 determine   if   there   be   patch   available   for   the   os; 
 apply   patch   to   the   os   that   be   approve   by   ibm   in   writing; 
 make   the   initial   determination   as   to   whether   the   issue   fall   within   the   operational / system / network   area; 
 immediately   notify   the   customer   of   severity   1   and   2   incidents; 
 monitor   for   hardware   predictive   failure   analysis   alert   when   use   ibm   servers;   and 
 notify   customer   in   writing   when   customer   intervention   or   decision   be   require . 
 customer   may   request ,   in   writing ,   the   granting   of   temporary   administrative   right   after   the   customer   environment   have   be   turn   over 
 to   ibm   for   monitoring .   ibm   will   not   monitor   the   affect   component   while   customer   have   administrative   right   and   any   sla   provision 
 will   be   suspend   during   this   period . 
 ibm   will   provide   customer   with   information   on   the   web   portal   that   show   monitoring   statistic   that   include   daily   and   historical   information 
 ( maintain   for   a   one   ( 1 )   month   period ) .   these   report   will   include   the   utilization   of   the   component   include   in   the   threshold   monitoring , 
 such   as   cpu ,   memory   and   disk . 
 monitoring   of   the   base   and/or   customer   component   with   associate   alert   will   not   be   activate   from   ibm ’s   production   monitoring 
 system   until   the   customer   production   ready   date .   customer   shall   not   be 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 eligible   for   an   availability   credit   until   the   first   full   calendar   month   follow   the   customer   production   ready   date .  
 basic   monitoring   service   ( ping   monitoring ) 
 ibm   will   provide   basic   ping   monitoring   of   the   base   and/or   customer   component   on   a   24x7   everyday   of   the   year   basis .   ibm   will   provide 
 installation   and   ongoing   monitoring   for   server   and   non - server   partially   manage ,   monitor   base   and/or   customer   component . 
 customer   will   own   administrative   right   for   the   device   to   be   monitor .   however ,   ibm   may   request   and   will   be   grant   temporary 
 administrative   right   in   order   to   install ,   setup ,   or   maintain   any   agent   require   to   perform   the   monitoring . 
 ibm   reserve   the   right   to   adjust   the   threshold   for   any   monitor   event   in   order   to   reduce   the   instance   of   false   positive .   customer   will 
 be   notify   in   of   the   change . 
 ibm   reserve   the   right   to   take   a   basic   monitor   server   offline   if   it   be   deem   by   ibm   to   be   a   security   risk   for   the   rest   of   the   ibm 
 environment .   ibm   will   inform   the   customer ,   the   ibm   pe   and   the   ibm   pm   of   such   action . 
 ibm   will : 
 monitor   all   network   interface   card   ( nic); 
 request   the   temporary   root   access   privilege   from   customer   if   require 
 provide   customer   with   a   user   i d   and   password   to   a   secure   portal   for   view   of   real - time   monitoring   status   and   alert   history; 
 send   an   administrative   alert   via   electronic   mail   to   a   customer - supply   address   if   a   nic   fail   to   respond   to   a   ping; 
 notify   customer   in   writing   when   customer   intervention   or   decision   be   require . 
 maintain   and   monitor   system   use   to   provide   monitoring; 
 test   and   apply   patch   to   monitor   system   as   needed;   and 
 provide   monitoring   statistic   on   the   ibm   web   portal . 
 ibm   will   not : 
 respond   to   exception   and   alerts; 
 monitor   any   hardware ,   application ,   database ,   network ,   or   operate   system   component   other   than   those   specify   above; 
 provide   third - party   monitor   agents;   and 
 provide   any   reporting   either   in   hard - copy   or   electronic   form   other   than   what   be   available   through   the   customer   portal . 
 monitoring   of   the   base   and/or   customer   component   with   associate   alert   will   not   be   activate   from   ibm ’s   production   monitoring 
 system   until   the   customer ’s   customer   production   ready   date .   customer   shall   not   be   eligible   for   an   availability   credit   until   the   first   full 
 calendar   month   follow   the   customer   production   ready   date . 
 in   addition ,   the   follow   will   apply   for   basic   monitoring   service : 
 follow   the   initial   installation ,   customer   will   be   give   root   access   to   the   base   components; 
 ibm   will   provide   space ,   power   and   cool   for   the   base   and/or   customer   components; 
 ibm   will   include   up   to   five   ( 5 )   operational   event   per   month; 
 customer   content   backup   be   not   include   in   the   base   offering   and   can   be   provide   at   an   additional   cost; 
 customer   system   image   backup   be   not   include   in   the   base   offering   and   can   be   provide   at   an   additional   cost; 
 system   administration   be   not   include   in   the   base   offering; 
 patch   management   be   not   include   in   the   base   offering; 
 the   status   of   all   server   base   and/or   customer   component   base   solely   on   the   ping   monitoring   of   the   network   interface   card   will   be 
 show   on   the   web   portal   and   the   customer   will   also   be   notified;   and 
 ibm   will   issue   the   ping   command   for   each   server   base   component   at   least   every   fifteen   ( 15 )   minute . 
 advance   monitor   service 
 ibm   will   provide   24x7   advanced   device   monitoring   of   the   server   and   non - server   base   and/or   customer   component . 
 customer   will   own   administrative   right   for   the   device   to   be   monitor .   however ,   ibm   may   request   and   will   be   grant   temporary 
 administrative   right   in   order   to   install ,   setup ,   or   maintain   native   snmp   agent   as   require   to   perform   the   monitoring . 
 ibm   reserve   the   right   to   adjust   the   threshold   for   any   monitor   event   in   order   to   reduce   the   instance   of   false   positive .   customer   will 
 be   notify   in   of   the   change . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 ibm   will : 
 monitor   all   network   interface   card   ( nic); 
 monitor   the   follow   operate   system   metric : 
 cpu   utilization; 
 memory   and   swap   utilization; 
 disk   and   filesystem   utilization; 
 monitor   for   hardware   predictive   failure   analysis   alert   when   use   ibm   servers; 
 define   and   set   threshold   for   all   monitor   event   base   on   industry   standard   good   practices; 
 provide   customer   with   a   user   i d   and   password   to   a   secure   portal   for   view   of   real - time   monitoring   status   and   alert   history; 
 send   an   administrative   alert   via   electronic   mail   to   a   customer - supply   address   for   all   event   that   exceed   the   maximum   allowable 
 threshold; 
 notify   customer   in   writing   when   customer   intervention   or   decision   be   require . 
 maintain   and   monitor   system   use   to   provide   monitoring; 
 test   and   apply   patch   to   monitor   system   as   need 
 ibm   will   not : 
 respond   to   exception   and   alerts; 
 monitor   any   application ,   database ,   network ,   or   operate   system   component   other   than   those   specify   above; 
 provide   third - party   monitor   agents; 
 provide   any   reporting   either   in   hard - copy   or   electronic   form   other   than   what   be   available   through   the   customer   portal . 
 ibm   will   provide   customer   with   information   on   the   ibm   web   portal   that   show   monitoring   statistic   that   include   daily   and   historical 
 information   ( maintain   for   additional   one   ( 1 )   month   period ) .   these   report   will   include   the   utilization   of   the   component   include   in   the 
 threshold   monitoring ,   such   as   cpu ,   memory   and   disk .   this   historical   information   may   optionally ,   for   an   additional   fee ,   include   one   year 
 of   history .   the   report   for   iserie   may   be   different   from   those   available   for   other   platform . 
 monitoring   of   the   base   and/or   customer   component   with   associate   alert   will   not   be   activate   from   ibm ’s   production   monitoring 
 system   until   the   customer ’s   customer   production   ready   date .   customer   shall   not   be   eligible   for   an   availability   credit   until   the   first   full 
 calendar   month   follow   the   customer   production   ready   date . 
 virtual   server   for   microsoft   window   and   linux   os 
 customer   environment   can   consist   of   virtual   as   well   as   physical   device .   for   virtual   server ,   ibm   will   provide   the   follow   service : 
 service   define   under   manage   server   in   section   4.8   ( fully   manage   servers; 
 physical   server   need   to   operate   a   virtual   server   farm; 
 all   license   for   virtualization   software   and   management   tool   ( e.g.   vmware   esx3.0;   vmotion   and   other   as   needed); 
 capacity   management   for   the   physical   server   farm   to   ensure   each   virtual   server   have   resource   require   for   operation   as   specify   in 
 attachment   b; 
 restart   virtual   machine   in   the   event   of   a   virtual   or   physical   machine   failure;   and 
 include   twenty   ( 20 )   gb   of   virtual   disk   for   os   and   application   code   for   each   virtual   server . 
 storage   service   -   manage   san   fabric 
 ibm   will   provide   installation ,   configuration ,   ongoing   system   administration   and   management   support   service   for   the   san   fabric   base 
 and/or   customer   component   ( " san   fabric " )   identify   in   attachment   b   at   the   e - business   host   center .    ibm   will   zone   the   san 
 switch   as   necessary   for   security .   ibm   retain   sole   root / administrative   access   ( privilege   access   with   authority   to   perform   system - level 
 function   or   security   administration )   in   order   to   perform   installation   and   ongoing   management   service   for   the   san   fabric . 
 the   follow   item   apply   to   the   san   fabric : 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 the   manage   server   will   be   connect   to   the   san   storage   via   multiple   connection   to   the   san   switch   use   two   or   more   hbas   for 
 redundancy   in   each   server ,   as   describe   for   each   server   in   attachment   b. 
 the   storage   backup   medium   server   will   be   connect   to   the   san   storage   via   redundant   connection   to   the   san   switch   use   two   or 
 more   hbas   in   each   server . 
 in   the   event   that   additional   san   switch   be   require ,   customer   will   sign   a   new   pcr   for   the   additional   san   switch . 
 manage   san   storage   –   " share "   environment 
 ibm   will   provide   installation   and   ongoing   system   administration   and   management   support   service   for   the   share   san   storage   device 
 component   specify   in   attachment   b.   disk   space   will   be   allocate   by   ibm   base   upon   customer   provide   specification   from   a 
 common   pool   of   san   storage .   san   switch   with   zoning   dedicate   to   a   customer   and   dedicate   lun   will   be   use   to   securely 
 implement   individual   datum   storage   requirement .   manage   san   storage   apply   only   to   customer   datum   storage   and   exclude   system 
 image . 
 customer   will   be   responsible   for   populate   the   file   and   database   and   for   all   customer   content .   ibm   retain   sole   root / administrative 
 access   ( privilege   access   with   authority   to   perform   system - level   function   or   security   administration )   in   order   to   perform   installation   and 
 ongoing   management   service   for   san   storage . 
 the   follow   item   apply   to   the   san   storage   share   environment : 
 manage   server   will   be   connect   to   the   san   storage   via   redundant   connection   to   different   san   switch   use   two   ( 2 )   or   more 
 hbas   in   each   server; 
 the   storage   backup   medium   server   will   be   connect   to   the   san   storage   via   redundant   connection   to   the   san   switch   use   two   or 
 more   hbas   in   each   server;   and 
 if   additional   san   storage   capacity   be   require ,   customer   will   sign   a   project   change   request   for   additional   san   capacity . 
 virtual   private   network 
 ibm   will   configure   and   manage   the   number   of   vpns   identify   in   attachment   b.   the   vpns   will   consist   of   an   ipsec   tunnel   base   on   3- 
 des   shaw   technology   in   the   firewall   at   the   e - business   host   center .   ibm   will   configure   and   manage   the   vpn   tunnel   at   the   e - business 
 host   center .   customer   will   configure   and   manage   a   correspond   ipsec   tunnel   base   on   3 - des   shaw   technology   at   customer ’s 
 location . 
 the   ipsec   connection   will   be   from   specified   device   at   customer ’s   site   to   specify   device   at   the   e - business   host   center   as   define 
 by   customer . 
 physical   database   administration   ( microsoft   sql ) 
 ibm   will   provide   physical   and   operational   database   administration   support   for   micorsoft   sql ,   database   software   ( " database   software " ) 
 for   the   number   of   base   component   database   server   with   the   database   software   specify   in   attachment   b   ( " database   administration 
 server " ) . 
 customer   will   provide   all   database   software ,   and   any   require   license ,   as   a   customer   component . 
 ibm   will   install   database   software   on   the   database   administration   server . 
 ibm   will   provide   four   ( 4 )   hour   of   database   setup   support   for   each   of   the   database   administration   server . 
 each   month   ibm   will   provide   four   ( 4 )   hour   of   database   administration   support   for   each   of   the   database   administration   server . 
 additional   hourly   database   administration   and   setup   support   charge   will   be   at   the   additional   hourly   support   rate   specify   in 
 attachment   c ,   unless   otherwise   specify   in   a   project   change   request   between   customer   and   ibm . 
 ibm   will   not   provide   physical   or   logical   datum   base   administration   for   mysql . 
 customer   care 
 ibm   will   provide   a   toll   free   number   ( inside   the   we )   to   receive   problem   notification   and   service   request   7x24   each   day   of   the   year   from 
 authorize   customer   representative   regard   service   provide   under   this   agreement .   customer   representative   shall   be   identify   via 
 email   to   the   ibm   project   manager .   change   or   addition   to   the   customer   representative   will   also   be   make   to   the   ibm   project   manager 
 via   email . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 ill   assign   the   follow   priority   level   to   each   report   problem   as   list   in   the   table   below : 
 severity   1   –   critical   impact   problem   that   make   the   customer   environment   unavailable   or   degrade   to   a   level   where   customer   be   unable 
 to   conduct   business . 
 severity   2   –   major   impact .   customer   be   able   to   conduct   business   but   a   function   or   service   be   not   available . 
 severity   3   –   minor   impact .   the   customer   environment   be   not   seriously   affect . 
 severity   4   –   no   impact .   short   come ,   dissatisfaction ,   or   question . 
 emergency   –   ability   to   conduct   business   be   not   be   affect ,   however   due   to   other   business   drive   decision ,   the   request   need   to 
 be   treat   as   a   severity   1 . 
 ibm   will : 
 attempt   to   resolve   on   the   first   call   service   request   such   as   password   reset   for   administrative   i d ’s ,   access   control   for   authorize 
 customer   representative   follow   the   mutually   agree   process   and   start   and   stop   of   service . 
 document   customer   or   ibm   internally   generate   call   identification   datum   in   their   customer   care   ( technical   support )   system . 
 provide   monthly   report   show   service   request ,   resolution ,   call   age   datum ,   and   other   call   report   information   within   ten   ( 10 )   business 
 day   from   the   end   of   the   calendar   month .   the   report   will   be   provide   via   the   web   portal . 
 direct   customer   call ,   as   appropriate ,   to   an   ibm   technical   specialist ,   coordinate   problem   determination ,   attempt   resolution ,   perform   root 
 cause   analysis ,   make   ticket   history   available   via   the   web   portal   and   log   and   track   call   to   closure . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 will   assign   the   follow   priority   level   and   respond   to   each   report   problem   as   show   in   the   follow   table : 
 severity 
 initial   communication 
 recur 
 communication 
 communication 
 content 
 1   –   critical 
 impact 
 ibm   provide   notification 
 within   15   minute   of   a 
 confirm   outage . 
 ibm   support   be   available   24   x   7   for   the 
 duration   of   the   outage . 
 on - site   support   at   ibm   host   facility 
 within   four   ( 4 )   hour   when   ibm   on - site 
 support   be   request   by   customer . 
 · 
 current   status 
 · 
 estimate   resolution 
 time 
 · 
 next   activity   plan 
 2   –   major   impact ibm   provide   notification 
 within   30   minute   of   a 
 confirm   outage . 
 ibm   support   be   available   24   x   7   for   the 
 duration   of   the   outage . 
 · 
 current   status 
 · 
 estimate   resolution 
 time 
 · 
 next   activity   plan 
 3   –   minor   impact ibm   provide   notification 
 within   1   hour   of   a   confirm 
 outage . 
 ibm   support   be   available   24   x   7   for   the 
 duration   of   the   outage . 
 · 
 current   status 
 · 
 estimate   resolution 
 time 
 · 
 next   activity   plan 
 4   –   no   impact   or 
 a   question 
 ibm   provide   notification 
 within   24   hour . 
 ibm   support   be   available   24   x   7   for   the 
 duration   of   the   outage . 
 · 
 current   status 
 · 
 estimate   resolution 
 time 
 · 
 next   activity   plan 
 emergency 
 ibm   provide   notification 
 within   15   minute   of   a 
 confirm   outage 
 ibm   support   be   available   24   x   7   for   the 
 duration   of   the   outage . 
 each   customer   be   only   allow   three 
 ( 3 )   emergency   request   per   month . 
 · 
 current   status 
 · 
 estimate   resolution 
 time 
 · 
 next   activity   plan 
 customer   be   allow   up   to   three   ( 3 )   emergency   request   per   month   at   no   additional   charge .   additional   emergency   request   will   be 
 charge   at   the   additional   hourly   support   rate   specify   in   attachment   c. 
 relocation   of   manage   host   service 
 in   the   event   that   ibm   determine   that   it   be   necessary   to   relocate   manage   host   service   within   the   same   or   to   another   e - business 
 host   center ,   customer   will   cooperate   in   good   faith   with   ibm   to   facilitate   such   relocation ,   provide   that   such   relocation   be   base   on 
 reasonable   business   need   of   ibm   ( include   the   need   of   other   ibm   customer ) ,   or   the   expansion   of   the   space   requirement   of 
 customer .   ibm   will   use   commercially   reasonable   effort ,   in   cooperation   with   customer ,   to   minimize   any   interruption   to   service   in   the 
 event   of   such   relocation . 
 security   obligation 
 ibm   will : 
 implement   firewall   setting   and   other   security   parameter   as   define   by   customer   and   accept   by   ibm; 
 administer   firewall   specify   in   attachment   b; 
 perform   nightly   memory   and   file   system   anti - virus   scanning   and   install   virus   signature   definition   file   update ,   as   available ,   for   base 
 component   and   customer   component   with   window   operate   systems; 
 perform   regular   scanning   of   commonly   use   tcp   and   udp   port ,   on   base   and/or   customer   component   to   attempt   to   detect   port   and 
 service   that   may   be   vulnerable   to   intrusion .   ibm   will 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 use   reasonable   effort   to   inform   customer   of   intrusion   vulnerability   detect ,   and   schedule   and   apply   change   to   security   setting 
 agree   to   by   customer   to   attempt   to   mitigate   vulnerability .   ibm   make   no   representation   or   warranty   that   ibm ’s   monitoring   or   analysis 
 procedure   will   identify   all   intrusion   customer   may   encounter; 
 perform   monthly   security   parameter   status   check   and   identify   when   security   checking   find   parameter   status   to   be   different   from 
 what   be   originally   established;   and 
 authorize   root   access ,   administrator   access   or   their   equivalent   for   base   component   to   ibm - designate   personnel   only . 
 customer   must   comply   and   ensure   any   customer   subcontractor   comply   with   the   follow   security   obligation .   customer   will : 
 authorize   ibm   to   perform   the   service   describe   above   in   item   a.   of   security   obligations; 
 provide   firewall   set   requirement   ( port ,   filter ,   and   traffic   direction )   to   ibm   and   provide   the   number   of   node   require   for   ibm   to 
 perform   firewall   administration; 
 provide   ibm   with   security   parameter   and   setting .   security   parameter   and   setting   will   be   use   for   monthly   security   status   checking 
 and   be   subject   to   ibm ’s   review   and   acceptance; 
 not   access   or   attempt   to   access   ibm ’s   secure   internal   network   or   the   resource   or   information   of   other   ibm   customers; 
 when   perform   any   technical   security   integrity   review ,   penetration   test ,   or   vulnerability   scan   of    base   component   or   customer 
 component : 
 ) only   test ,   scan   or   review   the   ip   address   supply   by   ibm   to   customer   that   be   part   of   the   services; 
 ) only   test ,   scan ,   or   review   customer   dedicate   base   component   and   customer   components; 
 ) provide   ibm   at   least   one   week ’s   prior   write   notice   of   the   date   and   time   of   the   review; 
 ) provide   the   source   ip   address   information   and   reviewer   contact   information   to   ibm; 
 ) not   perform   such   review   more   than   once   per   calendar   quarter;   and 
 not   perform   or   simulate   denial - of - service   attacks; 
 not   administer   or   create   privileged   user   id   ( user   id   have   system   or   security   administrative   authority )   at   the   base   operate   system 
 level   or   on   subsystem   manage   by   ibm;   and 
 not   disclose   any   information   arise   out   of   ibm   or   customer   scanning   of   base   component   or   customer   component   to   any   other 
 entity   without   ibm 's   prior   write   consent . 
 ibm   strongly   recommend   that   customer   and   any   customer   subcontractor   comply   with   the   security   guideline   list   below ,   but 
 customer   may   deviate   from   such   guideline   after   prior   write   notice   to   ibm .   ibm   will   have   no   liability   for   any   damage   arise   out   of 
 customer ’s   or   customer ’s   subcontractor '   deviation   from   any   or   all   of   the   follow   guideline : 
 not   use   base   component   or   customer   component   as   a   relay   to   provide   internet   access   at   customer   locations; 
 initiate   connection   from   base   component   or   customer   component   to   customer   premise   equipment   use   either   caller   i d   or 
 challenge   handshake   authentication   protocol   ( chap); 
 only   initiate   traffic   flow   from   more   secure   to   less   secure   network   ( i.e. ,   from   the   customer   secure   network   to   the   e - business   host 
 environment   ) ; 
 access   server   in   the   e - business   host   environment   from   customer ’s   premise   by   establish   a   one   way   trust   relationship   with 
 password   when   use   windows; 
 not   initiate   nfs   traffic   through   the   internet   access   firewall; 
 only   use   nfs   within   a   single   layer ,   mean   nfs   traffic   will   not   cross   firewall   and   the   server   will   be   in   the   same   vlan; 
 not   place   nfs   export   file   in   the   same   file   structure   use   for   system   file   and   executable   file   in   customer   components; 
 when   create   cgi   program ,   such   program   will : 
 ) validate   input   to   construct   a   command   line .   the   input   character   string   will   have   to   be   validate   to   ensure   that   it   do   not   trigger   an 
 undesirable   system   response   include   the   ability   to   change   file   permissions; 
 ) do   not   run   in   privileged   mode; 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 ) do   not   create   file   in   any   system - relate   directory; 
 ) do   not   need   to   be   store   in   any   directory   other   than   a   designate   cgi - bin   directory   or   require   the   interpreter   be   store   in   the   cgi - bin 
 directory;   and 
 ) do   not   create   buffer   overflow   condition   or   other   problem   that   could   expose   the   server   to   unauthorized   access; 
 not   initiate   inbound   icmp   echo   request   or   reply   from   the   internet   to   the   base   component   or   customer   component   and   outbound 
 icmp   echo   reply   or   icmp   reply   for   traceroute   from   the   base   component   or   customer   component   to   the   internet   unless   customer 
 provide   ibm   with   source   ip   addresses;   and 
 0 . not   initiate   snmp   traffic   from   customer   premise   to   the   e - business   host   environment . 
 technical   due   diligence   period 
 a   two   ( 2 )   week   technical   due   diligence   period   commencing   within   two   ( 2 )   week   follow   the   execution   of   this   agreement   be   require . 
 during   this   technical   due   diligence   period   customer   and   ibm   technical   team   will   work   together   and   determine   more   specific   detail 
 regard   configuration ,   network ,   firewall ,   server ,   san ,   backup   and   monitor   installation ,   configuration   and   management   detail , 
 setting ,   rule ,   and   the   schedule   and   threshold   to   be   monitor . 
 any   change   as   a   result   of   the   technical   due   diligence   period   will   be   handle   as   follow : 
 any   delay   in   the   procurement   of   equipment   will   be   document   in   the   project   plan   by   the   ibm   project   manager   and   communicate   to 
 customer   in   a   timely   manner . 
 any   delay   in   the   schedule   will   be   document   in   the   project   plan   by   the   ibm   project   manager   and   communicate   to   customer   in   a 
 timely   manner;   and 
 ibm   and   customer   will   use   the   pcr   process   to   make   any   change   to   this   agreement   as   a   result   of   this   technical   due   diligence   period . 
 change   may   result   in   adjustment   to   price . 
 service   level   agreement 
 ibm   will   provide   an   availability   service   level   agreement   ( " server   availability   sla " )   for   qualifying   server   base   on   the   applicable   sla 
 target   percentage   ( as   such   term   be   define   below ) .   the   first   device   in   the   path   to   the   qualifying   server   must   be   an   ibm   manage 
 device ,   and   the   server   availability   sla   apply   up   through   and   include   the   last   ibm   manage   server . 
 definition 
 the   follow   definition   apply   to   this   server   availability   sla : 
 " actual   available   minute   ( aam ) "   mean   the   total   available   minute   minus   minute   of   qualified   outage . 
 availability   credit "   mean   an   amount   equal   to   five   percent   ( 5 )   of   monthly   recur   charge   for   manage   host   service .    such 
 credit   be   available   when   the   service   provide   for   the   affected   device   be   less   than   the   monthly   availability   percentage . 
 " ibm   manage   device "   mean   a   base   component   locate   in   an   ibm   e - business   host   center   for   which   ibm   be   perform 
 management   responsibility .   for   server ,   only   the   server   identify   as   fully   manage   server   in   exhibit   a   be   consider   an   ibm 
 manage   device . 
 " monthly   availability   percentage "   mean   the   amount   equal   to   the   total   number   of   minute   in   the   applicable   month   minus   the   qualifying 
 outage   minute   for   that   month ,   divide   by   the   total   number   of   minute   in   that   month . 
 " monthly   recur   charge "   mean   the   total   of   customer ’s   monthly   recur   charge . 
 " outage "   mean   the   period   ( measure   in   whole   minute )   from   the   time   indicate   in   a   trouble   ticket   ( when   the   outage   be   report   to 
 ibm )   to   the   outage   end   time   base   upon   the   problem   resolution   ( as   reflect   in   the   trouble   ticket   call   record ) .   for   cluster   device ,   all 
 of   the   device   in   the   cluster   must   not   be   available   for   use   by   customer . 
 " qualify   server "   mean   the   ibm   manage   server   that   have   be   select   by   customer   and   approve   by   ibm . 
 " qualify   outage   minute "   mean   the   aggregate   of   all   outage   in   a   month ,   minus   any   outage   in   that   month   result   from   any 
 exclusion   describe   in   section   8.6   below . 
 " sla   target   percentage "   mean   the   service   level   define   in   8.2   ( service   level ) . 
 " unqualified   outage(s ) "   mean   an   outage(s )   that   can   be   attribute   to   the   list   availability   exclusion   as   set   forth   in   section   8.6 
 ( exclusion ) . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 service   level 
 ibm   will   provide   the   follow   monthly   availability   service   level   agreement   ( " sla " )   for   the   service   provide   by   ibm : 
 for   manage   device   and   manage   server   ( include   firewall(s )   and   switch )   that   be   not   cluster   or   configure   in   a   high   availability 
 configuration ,   the   sla   be   a   minimum   of   99.7   percent . 
 for   manage   device   and   manage   server   ( include   firewall(s )   and   switch )   that   be   cluster   or   configure   in   a   high   availability 
 configuration ,   the   sla   be   a   minimum   of   99.9   percent . 
 for   manage   application   solution   ( include   firewalls(s )   and   switch )   that   be   cluster   or   configure   in   a   high   availability 
 configuration ,   the   sla   be   a   minimum   of   98.0   percent . 
 for   manage   application   solution   ( include   firewalls(s )   and   switch )   that   be   not   cluster   or   configure   in   a   high   availability 
 configuration ,   the   sla   be   a   minimum   of   99.5   percent . 
 for   basic   monitoring   service   the   sla   be   a   minimum   of   99.9   percent   applicable   only   for   the   core   infrastructure   component   ( include 
 power ,   cool ,   internet   connectivity ,   firewall ,   load   balancer ,   ssl   acceleration ,   network   intrusion   detection ,   vlan   segment , 
 switch ,   vpn   connection   at   the   host   center ,   and   all   relate   connection ) . 
 for   advanced   monitor   service   the   sla   be   a   minimum   of   99.9   percent   applicable   only   for   the   core   infrastructure   component 
 ( include   power ,   cool ,   internet   connectivity ,   firewall ,   load   balancer ,   ssl   acceleration ,   network   intrusion   detection ,   vlan 
 segment ,   switch ,   vpn   connection   at   the   host   center ,   and   all   relate   connection ) . 
 availability   credit 
 if   in   any   month   during   the   term   of   manage   host   service   the   monthly   availability   percentage   for   a   qualifying   server   be   less   than   the 
 sla   target   percentage   for   that   qualifying   server ,   customer   shall   be   eligible   to   receive   an   availability   credit ,   subject   to   section   8.3(b ) , 
 8.4 ,   8.5 ,   8.6   and   8.7 . 
 if   in   any   month   during   the   term   of   manage   host   service   the   monthly   availability   percentage   for   basic   monitoring   or   advanced 
 monitor   service   be   less   than   the   sla   target   percentage   for   basic   monitoring   or   advanced   monitor   service ,   customer   shall   be 
 eligible   to   receive   an   availability   credit ,   subject   to   section   8.3(b ) ,   8.4 ,   8.5 ,   8.6   and   8.7 . 
 customer   agree   to   contact   the   ibm   help   desk   to   report   problem   and   open   trouble   ticket   that   reflect   the   start   time   of   the   outage 
 event . 
 settlement   of   credit 
 availability   credit   will   be   aggregate   on   a   quarterly   basis   and   settle   by   the   last   day   of   the   first   month   follow   the   end   of   the   quarter 
 in   which   such   availability   credit   be   earn .   ( for   example ,   the   aggregate   availability   credit   earn   in   the   first   quarter   2007   will   be 
 apply   against   monthly   recur   charge   for   service   the   customer   incur   in   the   april   2007   invoice . )   any   availability   credit   owe   from 
 ibm   to   customer   upon   the   expiration   or   termination   of   the   service   will   be   pay   within   one   ( 1 )   month   follow   the   effective   date   of 
 expiration   or   termination .   if   the   monthly   recur   charge   for   a   subject   month   have   not   be   incur ,   or   for   any   other   reason   have   be 
 credit   or   waive ,   customer   shall   not   be   eligible   for   an   availability   credit   for   that   month .    customer   shall   receive   no   more   than   five 
 percent   ( 5 )   of   customer ’s   monthly   recur   charge   for   manage   host   service   as   an   availability   credit   in   a   give   month . 
 commencement   of   service   level   agreement 
 ibm   will   exercise   commercially   reasonable   effort   to   meet   the   sla   target   percentage .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   customer   shall 
 not   be   eligible   for   an   availability   credit   until   the   first   full   calendar   month   follow   the   host   service   ready   date . 
 exclusivity   of   remedy 
 customer   agree   that   its   sole   remedy   for   ibm ’s   failure   to   meet   an   sla   target   percentage   be   the   availability   credit   as   provide   in   this 
 attachment . 
 exclusion 
 ibm   be   not   responsible   for   any   outage   outside   of   its   control ,   include   but   not   limit   to ,   the   follow   example : 
 period   of   schedule   or   emergency   maintenance   activity   or   schedule   outage; 
 outage   due   to   problem   with   customer   provide   content   or   programming   error   include ,   but   not   limit   to ,   content   installation   and 
 integration; 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 outage   due   to   system   administration ,   command ,   file   transfer   perform   by   customer   representatives; 
 outage   due   to   work   perform   at   customer   request   ( for   example   t&m   assistance); 
 other   activity   customer    direct ,   denial   of   service   attack ,   natural   disaster ,   change   result   from   government ,   political ,   or   other 
 regulatory   action   or   court   order ,   strike   or   labor   dispute ,   act   of   civil   disobedience ,   act   of   war ,   act   against   party   ( include 
 carrier   and   ibm ’s   other   vendor ) ,   and   other   force   majeure   items; 
 lack   of   availability   or   untimely   response   time   of   customer   to   respond   to   incident   that   require   its   participation   for   source   identification 
 and/or   resolution ,   include   meeting   customer   responsibility   for   any   prerequisite   services; 
 outage   due   to   customer   breach   of   its   material   obligation   under   the   base   terms; 
 outage   cause   by   customer   content   or   customer   initiate   patches; 
 outage   cause   by   customer   not   approve   apply   ibm   recommend   os   patches; 
 outage   cause   by   the   customer   not   approve   applying   of   os   maintenance   releases; 
 period   where   the   customer   may   have   be   grant   system   administration   rights; 
 customer   deny   ibm   recommend   software   patch ,   hardware   and/or   os   changes; 
 . outage   due   to   failure   of   non - ibm   manage   customer   component   hardware   or   software; 
 power   outage   cause   by   customer   not   provide   dual   power   equipment; 
 power   outage   cause   by   improperly   configure   power   supplies; 
 power   outage   cause   by   incorrectly   connected   power   supplies; 
 power   outage   cause   by   customer   configure   and   manage   equipment   that   result   in   over   utilization   of   power   circuits;   and 
 customer ’s   performance   of   any   technical   security   integrity   review ,   penetration   test ,   or   vulnerability   scan   pursuant   to   security   obligation 
 set   forth   herein . 
 open   source   software   additional   term 
 if   request   by   customer ,   ibm   will   procure   red   hat   linux   software   on   behalf   of   customer .   the   red   hat   software   will   be   provide   as   a 
 customer   component   ( " customer   component   linux   software " )   license   by   red   hat ,   inc .   ( " red   hat " )   to   customer   under   red   hat 's 
 subscription   agreement   ( accessible   at   http://www.redhat.com/license ) .    customer   agree   to   the   term   and   condition   of   red   hat 's 
 subscription   agreement   and   agree   that   red   hat 's   subscription   agreement   for   the   customer   component   linux   software   shall   be 
 between   red   hat   and   customer .   the   linux   operate   system   customer   component   software   will   be   ship   to   customer ,   not   ibm .   ibm 
 be   not   a   party   to   such   license .    ibm ’s   provision   of   service   hereunder   shall   not   constitute   a   distribution   of   the   customer   component 
 linux   software   by   ibm . 
 if   request   by   customer ,   ibm   will   install   customer   component   linux   software   " as   be "   and   make   no   representation   or   warranty , 
 either   express   or   imply ,   with   respect   to   the   customer   component   linux   software   or   any   open   source   software   and   do   not 
 indemnify   against   any   claim   that   customer   component   linux   software   or   any   open   source   software   infringe   a   third   party 's   intellectual 
 property   right .   under   no   circumstance   shall   ibm   be   liable   for   any   damage   arise   out   of   customer ’s   use   of   the   customer   component 
 linux   software   or   any   open   source   software .   customer   receive   no   express   or   imply   patent   or   other   license   from   ibm   with   respect   to 
 the   customer   component   linux   software   or   any   open   source   software .   customer   and   ibm   agree   that   any   modification   or   creation   of 
 derivative   work   of   linux   or   open   source   software   be   outside   the   scope   of   this   agreement . 
 linux   and   any   other   open   source   software   ( " oss " ) ,   include   patch ,   fix ,   and   update ,   which   ibm   install ,   configure ,   update , 
 operate   or   otherwise   assist   in   procure   on   customer ’s   behalf   as   a   result   of   provide   service   under   this   agreement   be   license   and 
 distribute   to   you   by   linux   and   oss   distributor   and/or   respective   copyright   and   other   right   holder ,   include   red   hat ,   inc .   ( " right 
 holder " )   under   the   right   holder '   term   and   condition .    ibm   be   neither   a   party   to   the   right   holder '   term   and   condition   nor   a 
 distributor   of   linux   or   oss   and   merely   do   the   work   describe   in   this   agreement   on   your   behalf   upon   your   specification .   you   receive 
 no   express   or   imply   patent   or   other   license   from   ibm   with   respect   to   linux   or   any   oss .   ibm   install   linux   and   oss   " as   be "   and 
 make   no   representation   or   warranty ,   either   express   or   imply ,   with   respect   to   linux   or   oss ,   and   do   not   indemnify   against   any 
 claim   that   linux   or   oss   infringe   a   third   party 's   intellectual   property   right .   under   no   circumstance   shall   ibm   be   liable   for   any   damage 
 arise   out   of   your   use   of   linux   or   oss . 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 both   of   we   agree   that   any   modification   or   creation   of   derivative   work   of   linux   or   oss   be   outside   the   scope   of   this   agreement . 
 responsibility   of   ibm   and   customer 
 overall   –   ( with   physical   database   administration   support ) 
 responsibility 
 ibm 
 customer 
 -   installation   - 

 designate   an   individual   to   whom   all   of   ibm ’s   communication   will   be   address   and 
 who   have   the   authority   to   act   and   make   decision   for   customer   in   all   aspect   of   the 
 service ,   include   request   change ,   problem   resolution ,   service   request , 
 assignment   of   customer   focal   point   with   authority   over   specific   service ,   and 
 designation   of   customer   authorize   representative   ( " customer   contact " ) 

 perform 
 designate   an   individual   to   whom   customer   will   address   communication   specific   to 
 the   provision   of   the   service .   ibm ’s   call   management   center   may   be   the   ibm   contact 
 for   some   service   ( " ibm   contact " ) 
 perform 

 assign   authorize   representative   with   appropriate   functional   knowledge   and 
 technical   skill   who   may   submit   problem   or   service   request   to   the   ibm   call 
 management   center   by   call   an   ibm - provide   toll - free   telephone   number   or   by   e- 
 mail 

 perform 
 perform   the   installation   activity   specify   herein 
 perform 

 register   domain   name   with   an   accredit   domain   name   registrar   and   pay   all 
 charge   associate   with   such   registration 

 perform 
 install   customer   application 

 perform 
 perform   physical   dba   task   to   install   and   configure   the   database(s ) 
 perform 

 perform   all   logical   dba   task   to   install   and   configure   the   database 

 perform 
 provide   backup   and   restore   requirement   to   ibm 

 perform 
 perform   necessary   physical   database   administration   task   to   prepare   customer 
 database(s )   for   backup 
 perform 

 perform   necessary   logical   database   administration   task   to   prepare   customer 
 database   for   backup 

 perform 
 provide   e - mail   address   for   customer   notification   of   threshold   exceed   or 
 process   exception 

 perform 
 procure   base   component   specify   in   attachment   b 
 perform 

 notify   customer   when   ibm   installation   activity   be   complete   ( host   service 
 ready   date ) 
 perform 

 provision   all   ssl   certificate 

 perform 
 inform   ibm   in   writing   within   five   ( 5 )   business   day   follow   ibm ’s   notification   of   the 
 completion   of   ibm   installation   activity ,   if   customer   believe   ibm   have   not 
 satisfactorily   complete   ibm   installation   activity 

 perform 
 -   ongoing   management   and   support   - 

 provide   the   ongoing   service   specify   herein 
 perform 

 provide   ongoing   administration ,   tailoring ,   monitoring ,   or   maintenance   of   customer 
 application 

 perform 
 provide   first   level   of   support   for   problem   with   customer   component   and   transfer 
 problem   relate   to   ibm ’s   responsibility   to   the   ibm   call   management   center 

 perform 
 assist   ibm   in   the   investigation   of   problem ,   to   the   extent   such   investigation   involve 
 customer ’s   or   its   subcontractor '   responsibility ,   and   exercise   commercially 
 reasonable   effort   to   resolve   problem   relate   to   such   responsibility 

 perform 
 provide   ongoing   physical   database   administration   for   the   database(s ) 
 perform 

 provide   ongoing   logical   database   administration 

 perform 
 perform   the   ibm   security   obligation   specify   herein 
 perform 

 perform   the   customer   security   obligation   specify   herein 

 perform 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 update   base   and/or   customer   component   with   applicable   fix   ( patch ,   hotfixe , 
 program   temporary   fix   and   service   pack )   as   determine   by   ibm 
 perform 

 maintain   responsibility   for   all   labor   and   expense   associate   with   full   version 
 operating   system   software   upgrade   ( to   be   eligible   for   continued   service ,   the 
 operating   system   version   run   on   the   manage   server   must   be   one   currently 
 support   by   the   manufacturer   of   that   operate   system ) 

 perform 
 maintain   copy   of   critical   content   and   establish   a   procedure   to   recover   such   content 
 without   resort   to   the   e - business   host   environment   or   service 

 perform 
 manage   all   ssl   certificate 

 perform 
 server 
 responsibility 
 ibm 
 customer 
 -   installation ,   configuration   and   setup   for   fully   manage   server 

 rack   and   stack   and   cable   the   equipment 
 perform 

 procure   and   install   base   component 
 perform 

 provision   cabinet   space 
 perform 

 provision   additional   power 
 perform 

 create   network   diagram 
 perform 

 assign   public   and   private   ip   address 
 perform 

 provision   internet   bandwidth 
 perform 

 procure   license   for   backup   tool   and   agent 
 perform 

 load   cd ,   if   request   by   customer 
 perform 

 configure   ip   address   on   the   server 
 perform 

 perform   connectivity   testing   of   base   and/or   customer   component 
 perform 

 identify   the   predefine   event   that   will   be   monitor 

 perform 
 configure   threshold   define   by   customer 
 perform 

 install   and   configure   monitor   tool 
 perform 

 install   and   configure   client   for   the   monitoring   tool 
 perform 

 perform   readiness   testing ,   include   test   the   flow   of   alert 
 perform 

 enable   switch   monitoring 
 perform 

 notify   customer   when   installation   activity   be   complete 
 perform 

 -   ongoing   management   and   support   for   fully   manage   server   - 

 perform   7   x   24   each   day   of   the   year   monitoring   of   the   manage   server   for   action   and 
 event 
 perform 

 maintain   require   documentation   for   server   management   and   operation 
 perform 

 research   os   patch 
 perform 

 provide   problem   determination   and   corrective   measure   and   support   for   alert   and 
 predefine   error   event   and   threshold 
 perform 

 use   reasonable   effort   to   update   base   and/or   customer   component   with   applicable 
 fix   approve   by   the   customer 
 perform 

 load   cd   if   request   by   customer 
 perform 

 call   ibm   service   if   need 
 perform 

 assist   ibm   in   the   investigation   of   problem   with   the   service   to   the   extent   such 
 investigation   involve   customer 's   or   its   subcontractor '   responsibility 

 perform 
 monthly   report   of   threshold   be   measure 
 perform 

 perform   root   cause   analysis   for   problem   relate   to   the   equipment   or   service   be 
 provide   by   ibm 
 perform 

  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 share   or   dedicate   san   storage 
 responsibility 
 ibm 
 customer 
 -   installation ,   configuration   and   setup   - 

 install   san   configuration   and   management   console   and   agent   on   the   san   storage 
 perform 

 provide   ibm   with   disk   configuration   specification   ( folder ,   directory ,   quorum   disk 
 layout ,   disk   space   size ,   and   raid   level ) 

 perform 
 configure   server   hbas   for   access   to   the   san   storage 
 perform 

 install   the   san   device 
 perform 

 connect   the   san   storage   device   to   the   san   switch   and   to   the   administration 
 segment 
 perform 

 define   storage   partition 

 perform 
 configure   the   san   storage   per   customer   provide   specification 
 perform 

 provide   documentation   which   detail   the   installation   parameter   for   the   server   and 
 san   storage   base   and/or   customer   component 
 perform 

 document   san   storage   configuration 
 perform 

 test   san   storage   functionality 
 perform 

 perform   connectivity   testing   of   the   san   storage 
 perform 

 perform   quality   assurance   review   on   all   operational   and   administrative   support 
 procedure 
 perform 

 identify   the   predefine   action   and   event   ( the   " action   and   event " )   ibm   will   perform 
 on   the   san   storage 
 perform 

 -   ongoing   management   and   support   - 

 maintain   require   documentation   for   the   san   storage   management   and   operation 
 perform 

 perform   7x24   everyday   of   the   year   monitoring   of   the   manage   san   storage   for 
 action   and   event 
 perform 

 provide   problem   determination   and   corrective   measure   support   for   action   and 
 event 
 perform 

 reallocate   san   base   lun   to   different   system   and   server   ( for   example : 
 rezone ,   import ,   recognition ,   and   file   system   remount ) ,   as   request   by   customer . 
 perform 

 assist   ibm   in   the   investigation   of   problem   with   the   service   to   the   extent   such 
 investigation   involve   customer ’s   or   its   subcontractor '   responsibility 

 perform 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 backup ,   restore   and   offsite   datum   storage 
 responsibility 
 ibm 
 customer 
 -   installation ,   configuration   and   setup   - 

 install   select   base   component ,   include   external   cable   connection   and   storage 
 server 
 perform 

 connect   the   tape   library   to   the   designate   backup   medium   server 
 perform 

 document   the   tape   library   and   backup   medium   server   configuration   and   setup 
 parameter 
 perform 

 test   hardware   functionality 
 perform 

 notify   ibm   of   any   specific   procedure   require   for   backup   of   customer   datum   file   and 
 the   schedule   backup   window 

 perform 
 creation   and   documentation   of   customer   backup   and   restore   procedure 
 perform 

 provide   list   of   file   to   be   back   up 

 perform 
 identify   and   maintain   list   of   customer   designate   datum   file   to   be   backup   up 
 perform 

 install   and   configure   the   storage   manager   software   provide   by   ibm 
 perform 

 verify   that   the   storage   manager   software   be   instal   and   configure   properly 
 perform 

 install   backup   software   client 
 perform 

 configure   backup   software   client   on   os   instance 
 perform 

 perform   a   test   backup   of   the   system   by   initiate   a   backup   of   customer   designate 
 datum   file 
 perform 

 -   ongoing   management   and   support   - 

 maintain   require   documentation   for   server   management   and   operation 
 perform 

 assist   ibm   in   the   investigation   of   problem   with   the   service   to   the   extent   such 
 investigation   involve   customer 's   or   its   subcontractor '   responsibility 

 perform 
 perform   daily   incremental   backup 
 perform 

 perform   weekly   full   system   backup 
 perform 

 keep   daily   backup   in   the   library   for   seven   ( 7 )   day   backup   ( actual   backup ,   retention 
 and   rotation   schedule   to   be   determine   by   customer   and   ibm ) 
 perform 

 create   a   copy   on   tape   of   the   weekly   full   system   backup   tape   and   send   offsite   for 
 storage   with   thirty   ( 30 )   day   retention 
 perform 

 examine   backup   log   for   result   of   daily   backup   activity 
 perform 

 take   action   to   alleviate   alert   and   error   message   during   the   backup 
 perform 

 call   the   ibm   help   desk   to   request   a   take   to   be   restore   from   the   library   or   from   offsite 
 storage . 

 perform 
 indicate   if   the   offsite   storage   recall   be   an   emergency   request   to   be   fulfil   within   six   ( 6 ) 
 hour   ( additional   charge   may   apply ) 

 perform 
 identify   datum   file   name   and   version   require   restore 

 perform 
 initiate   obtaining   of   the   tapes(s )   from   offsite   storage ,   if   necessary 
 perform 

 initiate   restore   of   customer   designate   back   up   file   as   request 
 perform 

 perform   root   cause   analysis   for   problem 
 perform 

  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 switch   and   firewall 
 responsibility 
 ibm 
 customer 
 -   installation ,   configuration   and   setup   - 

 configure   the   local   vlan 
 perform 

 specify   switch   and   firewall   setting   specific   to   the   application 

 perform 
 configure   vlan   and   zone   for   the   san   switch 
 perform 

 configure   firewall   setting 
 perform 

 test   a   single   path   to   switch   and   firewall   base   and/or   customer   component 
 perform 

 enable   switch   and   firewall   monitoring 
 perform 

 -   ongoing   management   and   support   - 

 operate   and   monitor   availability   of   the   switch   and   firewall   7x24   each   day   of   the 
 year 
 perform 

 assist   ibm   in   the   investigation   of   problem   with   the   service   to   the   extent   such 
 investigation   involve   ibm ’s ,   customer ’s   or   its   subcontractor '   responsibility 

 perform 
 request   change   to   switch   and   firewall   setting 

 perform 
 administer   change   to   switch   and   firewall 
 perform 

 perform   monthly   patch   scan   on   server   that   may   be   vulnerable   to   intrusion   or 
 need   hot   fix   apply 
 perform 

 inform   customer   of   hot   fix   and   vulnerability   detect   and   use   reasonable   effort 
 to   schedule   and   apply   change   to   setting ,   as   need 
 perform 

 backup   customer - specify   switch   and   firewall   setting   and   restore   setting   in   the 
 event   of   a   failure 
 perform 

 physical   database   administration   ( microsoft   sql ) 

 ibm 
 customer 
 -   implementation   - 

 provide   customer   with   database   survey   to   gather   support   requirement 
 perform 

 complete   database   survey 

 perform 
 acquisition   of   license   for   database   software 

 perform 
 configuration   of   database   software   in   accordance   with   customer   requirement   as 
 provide   in   the   database   survey 
 perform 
 assist 
 installation   and   configuration   of   application   software   and   content 

 perform 
 provide   documentation   specify   the   application   directory   structure ,   and/or   database 
 structure   include   table   definition ,   index   and   table   space 

 perform 
 establish   connectivity   between   database   instance   and   datum   server   and   notify   customer 
 when   database   software   be   ready   for   use   by   customer 
 perform 

 create   directory   structure   and/or   execute   database   definition 
 perform 

 enable   the   application   function ,   once   instal   and   configure ,   to   work   with   the 
 database   software   and   customer ’s   host   environment 
 assist 
 perform 
 establish   standard   database   availability   monitoring   to   assess   the   availability   of 
 database   component 
 perform 

 provide   documentation   for   application   and   database   component   to   be   monitor   for 
 availability 

 perform 
 acquire   any   necessary   certificate   or   key   necessary   for   authentication   function 
 associate   with   the   database   software 

 perform 
 install   any   certificate   or   key   provide   by   customer   necessary   for   authentication 
 function   associate   with   the   database   software 
 perform 

 retain   control   and   management   of   the   database   software   support / administration 
 id / object   owner   id 
 perform 

 -   ongoing   management   and   support   - 

  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 provide   application   software   troubleshooting ,   problem   determination ,   and   problem 
 resolution .   note ,   where   the   application   software   be   third   party   software ,   ibm ’s 
 responsibility   will   be   limit   to   coordinate   with   the   applicable   vendor   and   manage 
 such   vendor   resolution . 
 perform 

 provide   system   software   troubleshooting ,   problem   determination ,   and   problem 
 resolution 
 perform 

 assist   customer   with   database   software   in   problem   determination   of   application 
 problem   and   notify   customer   once   a   problem   be   suspect   to   be   an   application 
 problem 
 perform 
 assist 
 provide   database   troubleshooting   and   problem   determination 
 perform 

 contact   appropriate   ibm   support   organization   for   all   database   relate   problem   after 
 problem   have   be   record   in   the   problem   management   system   with   key   problem- 
 relate   datum   by   ibm ’s   call   management   center 
 perform 

 determine   backup / recovery   plan 

 perform 
 implement   backup / recovery   plan   to   allow   point   in   time   recovery   or   version   recovery   as 
 determine   by   customer 
 perform 
 assist 
 provide   application - level   assistance   in   problem   determination   of   database   software 
 problem 

 perform 
 assist   customer   in   application   problem   resolution   through   the   implementation   of 
 database   change   require   by   customer 
 perform 
 assist 
 apply   fix ,   ptfs   and   patch   provide   by   customer   to   correct   database   problem ,   as 
 necessary ,   within   the   framework   of   the   project   change   control   procedure 
 perform 

 install   database   software   minor   release   upgrade   for   an   already   instal   version   of 
 each   database   product   use   the   ibm   standard   change   control   procedure   ( " minor 
 release   upgrade "   be   any   change   in   the   release   number   to   the   right   of   the   point   by   the 
 software   manufacturer   –   e.g. :   x.y ) 
 perform 

 provide   any   code   promotion   for   application   software   code   and   all   content   update 

 perform 
 install   application   software   configuration   change ,   upgrade   and   patch ,   and   any 
 update   to   content .   notify   ibm   of   any   require   database   configuration   change   need 
 as   a   result   of   the   change ,   upgrade   and   patch ,   and/or   update 

 perform 
 install   system   software   configuration   change ,   upgrade   and   patch ,   and   update . 
 perform 

 implement   any   require   database   configuration   change   base   on   customer ’s 
 recommendation 
 perform 

 provide   all   end   user   support   include   administration   of   application   user   id   and   group 
 and   end   user   password   reset 

 perform 
 provide   requirement   for   pruning ,   rotation   and/or   archiving   of   any   application   and 
 database   log   file 

 perform 
 implement   any   require   pruning ,   rotation   and/or   archiving   of   any   application   and 
 database   log   file 
 perform 

 provide   documentation   for   performance   relate   parameter / configuration   setting 

 perform 
 implement   initial   database   performance   tuning   and   provide   additional   performance 
 tuning   base   on   analysis   of   performance   metric   provide   by   customer 
 perform 
 assist 
 provide   documentation   on   performance   metric   and   performance   result   that   the 
 application   and   database   should   be   measure   against ,   include   any   necessary   tool 
 and/or   script   to   collect   performance   datum 

 perform 
 implement   automate   performance   monitoring   and   datum   collection 
 perform 
 assist 
 monitor   database   software   component   for   availability   and/or   their   presence   in   memory 
 ( up / down   status ) 
 perform 

 assist   customer   in   testing   effort   and   monitoring   of   customer - provide   performance 
 tool   and   metric   to   determine   if   environment   be   properly   tune 
 perform 
 assist 
 collection   of   performance   and   capacity   datum   as   provide   by   customer ’s   application(s ) 
 software 
 assist 
 perform 
 implement   performance   enhancement   to   the   specific   database   software   base   on 
 document   tune   parameter   and   procedure   supply   by   customer   and   specific   to 
 customer   application(s ) 
 perform 

 collection   of   performance   and   capacity   datum   as   provide   by   system   software 
 perform 

 notify   ibm   within   fifteen   ( 15 )   minute   of   a   suspect   a   database   software   component 
 problem 

 perform 
 monitoring   application   health   and   availability   and   functional   testing   of   application 

 perform 
 establish   ibm   as   single   point   of   contact   with   database   software   manufacturer 

 perform 
 procure   and   keep   current   service   contract   with   the   database   software   manufacturer   for 
 24x7   maintenance   and   support   include   upgrade   and   update / fix .   ibm   will   be 
 name   as   a   primary   contact   in   the   service   agreement(s ) 

 perform 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 provide   the   appropriate   support   information   for   customer   contact   and   database 
 software   manufacturer   support   contact   ( id ,   contact   name ,   telephone   number , 
 license   number ,   etc . ) 

 perform 
 implementation   of   any   database   software   product   major   version   upgrade   ( " major 
 version   upgrade "   be   any   change   in   the   version   number   to   the   leave   of   the   point   by   the 
 software   manufacturer   -   e.g. :   x.y ) 

 perform 
 establish   single   point   of   contact   with   application   software   vendor 

 perform 
 attachment   b   –   host   component 
 part   I   –   ibm   provide   infrastructure 
 e - business   host   center :   atlanta 
 internet   bandwidth 
 internet   access   commit   bandwidth 
 3   mbps 
 number   of   register   ip   address 

 virtualize   firewall 
 quantity 

 model 
 cisco   virtualize   firewall 
 failover   configuration 
 yes 
 number   ipsec   vpn   tunnel   to   be   set   up   at 
 the   ibm   datum   center   ( customer   to   set   up   and 
 manage   the   corresponding   vpn   tunnel   at 
 their   site ) 

 virtual   firewall   switch   port   and   vpn   tunnel 
 quantity   of   pair   of   active   /   passive   virtual 
 firewall 

 virtual   firewall   and   switch   port   for   virtual 
 server ,   include   firewall   port 

 additional   remote   client   for   vpn   session 

 additional   site - to - site   vpn   tunnel 

 private   dedicate   backend   connection 

  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 part   ii   -   ibm-   manage   base   component 
 server   base   component 
 e - business   host   center :   atlanta 
 fully   manage   server   base   component 
 server 
 quantity 

 model 
 x3650 
 processor 
 2   x   dual - core   intel   xeon   processor 
 x5260   ( 3.33ghz   6 mb   1333mhz   80w ) 
 memory 
 8   gb 
 local   disk   drive 
 · 
 2   x   73   gb   disk   for   os   use   for   os ,   not 
 customer   datum 
 o  
 linux   redhat   as 
 san   connection ? 
 no 
 nas   connection ? 
 no 
 fully   manage ? 
 yes 
 administrative   right   own   by 
 ibm   during   steady   state ? 
 yes 
 quantity 

 model 
 x3850 
 processor 
 2   slot ,   4x   3   ghz   cpus 
 memory 
 8   gb 
 local   disk   drive 
 · 
 3   x   73   gb   2.5 "   disk-   2   os   +   1   hot   spare 
 os  
 win2003   ( qty   6 ) ,   linux   redhat   as   ( qty   4 ) . 
 san   connection ? 
 yes 
 na   connection ? 
 no 
 fully   manage ? 
 yes 
 administrative   right   own   by 
 ibm   during   steady   state ? 
 yes 
 san   fabric   and   san   storage   base   component   –   share   environment 
 san   fabric 
 number   of   server   connect   to   the   san 

 number   of   san   switch   port 

 san   storage   base   component   –   share   environment 
 san   storage   -   share 
 amount   of   usable   space   to   be   allocate ,   in 
 gb 
 1600   gb 
 raid   level 
 raid5   ( standard ) 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 part   iii   -   customer   component 
 customer   will   provide   all   content   and   all   component   not   specify   as   ibm   provide   infrastructure   or   ibm   provide   base   component   in 
 part   I   or   part   ii   of   this   attachment   b. 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009 
 attachment   c   –   charge 
 one - time   charge 
 one - time   charge   for   manage   host   service   of   81,217.00   will   be   invoice   in   january   2009   and   payable   in   accordance   with   section 
 5.2   payment . 
 monthly   recur   charge 
 monthly   recur   charge   for   manage   host   service   of   37,000.00   will   begin   on   the   host   service   ready   date   and   may   be 
 prorate   base   on   the   date   during   the   month   that   manage   host   service   commence ,   change ,   or   end . 
 usage   charge 
 additional   hourly   support 
 operational   assistance 
 per   hour 
 89.10 
 smarthand   ( system   administrative   and   technical   assistance ) 
 per   hour 
 188.02 
 operational   dba 
 per   hour;   ms   sql 
 204.37 
 charge   for   additional   hourly   support   request   by   customer ,   if   any ,   ( support   that   be   outside   the   scope   of   service   include   in   the 
 monthly   recur   charge   specify   above )   will   be   due   as   incur .   ibm   will   charge   for   additional   hourly   support   in   fifteen   ( 15 )   minute 
 increment . 
 b.   peak   bandwidth   usage 
 peak   bandwidth   usage   charge   for   datum   traffic   in   excess   of   committed   bandwidth   be   due   as   incur .    ibm   will   determine   peak 
 bandwidth   usage   charge   each   month   by   subtract   the   committed   bandwidth   from   the   peak   bandwidth   usage   for   that   month   and 
 multiply   the   difference   by   the   peak   bandwidth   usage   rate   of   147.14.00   per   mbps . 
 c.   smarthand   hourly   support 
 charge   for   smarthand   hourly   support   request   by   customer ,   if   any ,   will   be   due   as   incur .   ibm   will   charge   for   smarthand   hourly 
 support   in   fifteen   ( 15 )   minute   increment . 
 d.   additional   hourly   database   support 
 charge   for   additional   hourly   database   support   ( " additional   hourly   database   support " )   request   by   customer ,   if   any ,   ( database   support 
 that   be   outside   the   scope   of   database   support   hour   include   in   the   monthly   recur   charge )   will   be   due   as   incur .   ibm   will   charge 
 for   additional   hourly   database   support   in   fifteen   ( 15 )   minute   increment . 
 termination   charge 
 in   the   event   the   customer   elect   to   terminate   this   agreement ,   or   any   portion   of   the   service   describe   herein ,   for   convenience , 
 customer   will   pay   the   applicable   termination   charge   as   set   forth   in   the   table   below . 
 3 - year   ( thirty   six   ( 36 )   month )   term : 
 for   termination : 
 for   any   terminate   service , 
 customer   will   be   charge : 
 prior   to   first   anniversary   of   the   host   service   ready   date four   ( 4 )   month '   applicable   recur   monthly   charge   plus 
 any   unpaid   one   time   charge 
 from   the   first   anniversary   of   the   host   service   ready 
 date   and   prior   to   the   second   anniversary   of   the   host 
 service   ready   date 
 three   ( 3 )   month '   applicable   recur   monthly   charge 
 from   the   second   anniversary   of   the   host   service   ready 
 date   and   prior   to   the   expiration   of   this   agreement 
 two   ( 2 )   month ’s   applicable   recur   monthly   charge 
  of   36 
 source : quantum group inc /fl , 8 - k , 1/20/2009