exhibit 10.4 
 intellectual property agreement 
 by and between 
 nuance communication , inc . 
 and 
 cerence inc . 
 date as of september 30 , 2019 
 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 table of content 
 page 
 article i 
 definition 
 section 1.01 . 
 definition 

 article ii 
 recordation of intellectual property right assignment agreement 
 section 2.01 . 
 intellectual property assignment agreement 

 section 2.02 . 
 recordation 

 section 2.03 . 
 security interest 

 article iii 
 license and covenant from nuance to spinco 
 section 3.01 . 
 license grant 

 section 3.02 . 
 other covenant 

 article iv 
 license and covenant from spinco to nuance 
 section 4.01 . 
 license grant 

 section 4.02 . 
 other covenant 

 article v 
 additional intellectual property relate matter 
 section 5.01 . 
 ownership 

 section 5.02 . 
 assignment and license 

 section 5.03 . 
 no imply right 

 section 5.04 . 
 no obligation to prosecute or maintain patent 

 section 5.05 . 
 no technical assistance 

 section 5.06 . 
 group member 

 article vi 
 confidential information 
 section 6.01 . 
 confidentiality 

 section 6.02 . 
 disclosure of confidential technical information 

 section 6.03 . 
 compulsory disclosure of confidential technical information 

 article vii 
 limitation of liability and warranty disclaimer 
 I 
 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 section 7.01 . 
 limitation on liability 

 section 7.02 . 
 disclaimer of representation and warranty 

 article viii 
 transferability and assignment 
 section 8.01 . 
 no assignment or transfer without consent 

 section 8.02 . 
 divest business 

 article ix 
 termination 
 section 9.01 . 
 termination by both party 

 section 9.02 . 
 termination prior to the distribution 

 section 9.03 . 
 effect of termination; survival 

 article x 
 further assurance 
 section 10.01 . 
 further assurance 

 article xi 
 miscellaneous 
 section 11.01 . 
 counterparts; entire agreement; corporate power 

 section 11.02 . 
 dispute resolution 

 section 11.03 . 
 govern law; jurisdiction 

 section 11.04 . 
 waiver of jury trial 

 section 11.05 . 
 court - order interim relief 

 section 11.06 . 
 specific performance 

 section 11.07 . 
 third - party beneficiary 

 section 11.08 . 
 notice 

 section 11.09 . 
 import and export control 

 section 11.10 . 
 bankruptcy 

 section 11.11 . 
 severability 

 section 11.12 . 
 expense 

 section 11.13 . 
 heading 

 section 11.14 . 
 survival of covenant 

 section 11.15 . 
 waiver of default 

 section 11.16 . 
 amendment 

 section 11.17 . 
 interpretation 

 schedule a 
 – 
 field of use 
 schedule b 
 – 
 nuance datum 
 schedule c 
 – 
 spinco datum 
 schedule d 
 – 
 spinco patent 
 schedule e 
 – 
 spinco id 
 schedule f 
 – 
 spinco trademark 
 ii 
 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 schedule g 
 – 
 spinco domain name 
 schedule h 
 – 
 technology asset 
 schedule I 
 – 
 oem technology 
 exhibit a1 
 – 
 patent assignment agreement 
 exhibit a2 
 – 
 trademark assignment agreement 
 exhibit a3 
 – 
 domain name assignment agreement 
 exhibit a4 
 – 
 invention disclosure assignment agreement 
 iii 
 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 intellectual property agreement , date as of september 30 , 2019 ( this " agreement " ) , by and between nuance communication , 
 inc . , a delaware corporation ( " nuance " ) , and cerence inc . , a delaware corporation ( " spinco " ) . 
 recital 
 whereas , in connection with the contemplated spin - off of spinco and concurrently with the execution of this agreement , nuance and spinco 
 be enter into a separation and distribution agreement ( the " separation agreement”); 
 whereas , pursuant to the separation agreement and the other ancillary agreement , as of the distribution date , the nuance ip have be 
 allocate to the nuance group and the spinco ip have be allocate to the spinco group; 
 whereas , the party wish to record the transfer of any registration or application of nuance ip and spinco ip , as applicable , to the extent the 
 ownership thereof have transfer from a member of the nuance group to a member of the spinco group , or vice versa , pursuant to the separation 
 agreement or any other ancillary agreement; 
 whereas , pursuant to the separation agreement and the other ancillary agreement , as of the distribution date , the nuance ip allocate to the 
 nuance group include the nuance patent , the nuance share technology asset and the nuance datum , and the spinco ip allocate to the spinco 
 group include the spinco patent , the spinco share technology asset and the spinco data; 
 whereas , it be the intent of the party that nuance grant a license to spinco under the nuance patent and the nuance share technology 
 asset , and provide certain right or service to the spinco group with respect to the nuance datum , in each case for the spinco field of use , subject to 
 the term and condition set forth in this agreement; and 
 whereas , it be the intent of the party that spinco grant a license to nuance under the spinco patent and the spinco share technology 
 asset , and provide certain right or service to the nuance group with respect to certain of the spinco datum , in each case for the nuance field of use , 
 subject to the term and condition set forth in this agreement . 
 now , therefore , in consideration of the mutual agreement , provision and covenant contain in this agreement , the party , intend to be 
 legally bind , hereby agree as follow : 
 article I 
 definition 
 section 1.01 . definition . as use in this agreement , the follow term have the meaning set forth below and herein , and the term define in 
 schedule shall have the meaning set forth therein . capitalize term use , but not define in this agreement shall have the meaning ascribe to such 
 term in the separation agreement or any other ancillary agreement , as applicable . 
 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 " bankruptcy code " have the meaning set forth in section 11.10 . 
 " confidential technical information " mean , with respect to each disclosing party , any confidential datum , trade secret or technology source code 
 within the nuance ip or spinco ip , as applicable , that be in the receive party ’s possession or that the receive party obtain pursuant to the term of 
 this agreement , together with any tangible or electronic expression or embodiment thereof; provide , that " confidential technical information " shall 
 not include information that be or be ( i ) publicly know at the time of disclosure or thereafter without any breach of this agreement by the receiving 
 party or its group or ( ii ) subsequently make known to the receive party or its group from a source unconnected with either party or its group . 
 " copyright " mean copyright , work of authorship ( include all translation , adaptation , derivation and combination thereof ) , mask work , 
 design and database right , include , in each case , any registration and application therefor . 
 " datum " mean all datum , database and collection and compilation of datum , in any form or medium . 
 " disclose party " mean each party in its capacity as the discloser of confidential technical information , as applicable . 
 " divest entity " have the meaning set forth in section 8.02 . 
 " domain name assignment agreement " have the meaning set forth in section 2.01 . 
 " domain name " mean internet domain name , include top level domain name and global top level domain name , url , social medium 
 identifier , handle and tag . 
 " intellectual property assignment agreement " have the meaning set forth in section 2.01 . 
 " intellectual property right " or " ipr " mean any and all intellectual property right exist anywhere in the world associate with any and all ( i ) 
 patent , ( ii ) trademark , ( iii ) copyright , ( iv ) domain name , ( v ) right in technology , ( vi ) right in trade secret , ( vii ) right in datum , ( viii ) all tangible 
 embodiment of the foregoing in whatever form or medium and ( ix ) any other legal protection and right relate to any of the foregoing . " intellectual 
 property right " specifically exclude contractual right ( include license grant from third party ) . 
 " invention disclosure assignment agreement " have the meaning set forth in section 2.01 . 
 " nuance datum " mean any datum that be ( i ) own by a third party and license to the nuance group as of immediately prior to the distribution 
 pursuant to a nuance datum agreement or ( ii ) own by the nuance group as of immediately prior to the distribution but subject to a nuance datum 
 agreement , in each case ( i ) and ( ii ) , which datum be use in the spinco business as of immediately prior to the distribution . 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 " nuance datum agreement " mean each contract identify in schedule b. 
 " nuance field of use " have the meaning set forth in schedule a. 
 " nuance ip " mean all intellectual property right own by the nuance group or the spinco group as of immediately prior to the distribution , 
 other than the spinco ip . 
 " nuance patent " mean all patent include within the nuance ip . 
 " nuance share technology asset " mean ( i ) the nuance technology asset identify on schedule h-2 and ( ii ) any other nuance technology 
 asset not identify on schedule h-2 that be use in the spinco business as of immediately prior to the distribution; provide that the " nuance share 
 technology asset " exclude any oem technology . 
 " nuance technology asset " mean all of the technology own by the nuance group or the spinco group as of immediately prior to the 
 distribution , exclude the spinco technology asset . for the avoidance of doubt , the " nuance technology asset " include the technology identify 
 on schedule h-1 . 
 " nuance trademark " mean the trademark include in the nuance ip . 
 " oem technology " mean the technology identify on schedule I , each of which shall be subject to a separate agreement . 
 " party " mean either party hereto , and " party " mean both party hereto . 
 " patent assignment agreement " have the meaning set forth in section 2.01 . 
 " patent " mean patent ( include all reissue , divisional , continuation , continuation - in - part , reexamination , supplemental examination , inter 
 part review , post - grant opposition , cover business method review , substitution and extension thereof ) , patent registration and application , 
 include provisional application , statutory invention registration , invention disclosure and invention . 
 " permit recipient " have the meaning set forth in section 6.02 . 
 " receive party " mean each party in its capacity as the recipient of confidential technical information , as applicable . 
 " software " mean any and all ( i ) computer program and application , include any and all software implementation of algorithm , model and 
 methodology , whether in source code , object code , human readable form or other form , include operating software , network software , firmware , 
 middleware , design software , design tool , asp , html , dhtml , shtml and xml file , cgi and other script , apis and web widget , ( ii ) description , 
 flow chart and other work product use to design , plan , organize and develop any of the foregoing , screen , user interface , report format , firmware , 
 development tool , template , menu , button and icon , ( iii ) all documentation include user manual and other training documentation relate to any 
 of the foregoing and ( iv ) all tangible embodiment of the foregoing in whatever 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 form or medium now know or yet to be create , include all disk , diskette and tapes; provide , that " software " do not include datum . 
 " spinco copyright " mean unregistered copyright that be own by the nuance group or the spinco group and exclusively relate to the 
 spinco business as of immediately prior to the distribution; provide , that the " spinco copyright " do not include any technology or spinco datum . 
 " spinco data " mean any datum that be ( i ) own by a third party and license to the nuance group or spinco group as of immediately prior to the 
 distribution pursuant to a spinco datum agreement or ( ii ) own by the nuance group or spinco group as of immediately prior to the distribution but 
 subject to a spinco datum agreement and ( iii ) datum own by the nuance group or spinco group and exclusively related to the spinco business as of 
 immediately prior to the distribution . 
 " spinco datum agreement " mean each contract identify in schedule c. 
 " spinco domain name " mean the domain name identify on schedule g , in each case exclude any trademark contain " nuance " or any 
 transliteration or translation thereof or any version of the " nuance and design " logo . 
 " spinco field of use " have the meaning set forth in schedule a. 
 " spinco id " mean the invention disclosure identify on schedule e. 
 " spinco ip " mean ( i ) the spinco patent , ( ii ) the spinco copyright , ( iii ) the spinco domain name , ( iv ) the spinco trade secret , ( v ) the spinco 
 trademark , ( vi ) the spinco id , ( vii ) the spinco technology asset and ( viii ) the spinco data . 
 " spinco patent " mean the patent identify on schedule d. 
 " spinco share technology asset " mean the spinco technology asset identify on schedule h-4 . for the avoidance of doubt , the " spinco 
 share technology asset " exclude any oem technology . 
 " spinco technology asset " mean the technology identify on schedule h-3 . 
 " spinco trade secret " mean the trade secret know to the party that be own by the nuance group or spinco group and exclusively 
 relate to the spinco business as of immediately prior to the distribution; provide , that the " spinco trade secret " do not include any technology or 
 spinco datum . 
 " spinco trademark " mean the trademark identify on schedule f. 
 " technology " mean software , technical documentation , specification , schematic , design , user interface , test report , bill of material , build 
 instruction , lab notebook , prototype , sample , program , routine , subroutine , tool , material , apparatus , and all recording , graph , drawing , 
 report , analysis , other writing , disk , diskette and tape , 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 together with all intellectual property right ( other than patent and trademark ) in the foregoing . 
 " third party " mean any person ( include any governmental authority ) who be not a member of the nuance group or the spinco group . 
 " trade secret " mean all information , in any form or medium , to the extent that the owner thereof have take reasonable measure to keep such 
 information secret and the information derive independent economic value , actual or potential , from not be generally know to , and not be readily 
 ascertainable through proper mean by , the public . 
 " trademark assignment agreement " have the meaning set forth in section 2.01 . 
 " trademark " mean trademark , service mark , trade name , logo , slogan , trade dress or other source identifier , include any registration or 
 any application for registration therefor , together with all goodwill associate therewith . 
 article ii 
 recordation of intellectual property right assignment agreement 
 section 2.01 . intellectual property assignment agreement . in order to carry out the intent of the party with respect to the recordation of the 
 transfer of any registration or application of nuance ip or spinco ip , as applicable , to the extent the ownership thereof have transfer from a member 
 of the nuance group to a member of the spinco group , or vice versa , pursuant to the separation agreement or any other ancillary agreement , the 
 party shall execute intellectual property assignment in a form substantially similar to that attach as exhibit a1 ( the " patent assignment agreement " ) , 
 exhibit a2 ( the " trademark assignment agreement " ) , exhibit a3 ( the " domain name assignment agreement " ) and exhibit a4 ( the " invention 
 disclosure assignment agreement " ) as well as such additional case specific assignment as deem appropriate or necessary under applicable law 
 ( collectively , the " intellectual property assignment agreement " ) for recordation with the appropriate governmental authority . 
 section 2.02 . recordation . the relevant assignee party shall have the sole responsibility , at its sole cost and expense , to file the intellectual 
 property assignment agreement and any other form or document with the appropriate governmental authority as require to record the transfer of 
 any registration or application of nuance ip or spinco ip that be allocate under the separation agreement , as applicable , and the relevant assignor 
 party hereby consent to such recordation . 
 section 2.03 . security interest . prior to , on and after the distribution date , each party shall cooperate with the other party , without any further 
 consideration and at no expense to the other party , to obtain , cause to be obtain or properly record the release of any outstanding security interest 
 attach to any nuance ip or spinco ip that be subject to assignment from one party or its group to the other party or its group hereunder , as applicable , 
 and to take , or cause to be take , all action as the other party may reasonably be request to take in order to obtain , cause to be obtain or properly 
 record such release . 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 article iii 
 license and covenant from nuance to spinco 
 section 3.01 . license grant . 
 ( a ) patent . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , as of the distribution date , nuance hereby grant to spinco and the 
 member of the spinco group a worldwide , non - exclusive , fully pay - up , perpetual and irrevocable , transferable ( subject to article viii ) , sublicensable 
 ( subject to section 3.01(g ) ) license under the nuance patent , solely to the extent that claim of the nuance patent cover product or service of the 
 spinco business in the spinco field of use , together with natural extension and evolution thereof , in each case to make , have make , use , sell , offer for 
 sale , import and otherwise exploit such product and service , together with natural extension and evolution thereof . 
 ( b ) technology . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , as of the distribution date , nuance hereby grant to spinco and 
 the member of the spinco group a worldwide , non - exclusive , fully pay - up , perpetual and irrevocable , transferable ( subject to article viii ) , 
 sublicensable ( subject to section 3.01(g ) ) license to install , access , use , reproduce , perform , display , modify ( include the right to create improvement 
 and derivative work ) , far develop , sell , manufacture , distribute and market product and service base on , use or incorporate the nuance 
 share technology asset within the spinco field of use , together with natural extension and evolution thereof . 
 ( c ) other nuance share ip . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , as of the distribution date , nuance hereby grant to 
 spinco and the member of the spinco group a worldwide , non - exclusive , fully pay - up , perpetual and irrevocable , transferable ( subject to article 
 viii ) , sublicensable ( subject to section 3.01(g ) ) license to continue to use any nuance ip ( other than nuance patent , nuance technology asset , 
 nuance trademark and nuance datum ) , in each case solely as and to the extent that it be use by the spinco group in connection with product and 
 service of the spinco business within the spinco field of use , together with natural extension and evolution thereof . 
 ( d ) trademark . the party acknowledge and agree that no right be grant to the spinco group in this agreement with respect to any 
 trademark or domain name , provide that certain right and obligation with respect to the use by the spinco group of certain nuance trademark 
 and relate domain name shall be set forth in the transitional trademark license agreement . to the extent there be a conflict between the term of this 
 agreement and the transitional trademark license agreement , the term of the transitional trademark license agreement shall control . 
 ( e ) nuance datum . the party acknowledge and agree that certain right and obligation with respect to the use or benefit by the spinco 
 group of certain nuance datum shall be as provide in schedule b. 
 ( f ) oem technology . notwithstanding the foregoing , the party acknowledge and agree that this section 3.01 do not grant any right or 
 license to any oem technology , which be subject to certain separate agreement between the party , and to the 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 extent there be a conflict between this agreement and such separate agreement , such separate agreement shall control . 
 ( g ) sublicense . the license grant in section 3.01(a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) to the spinco group include the right to grant sublicense within the 
 scope of such license only to member of the spinco group and , without any further right to sublicense , to their respective ( i ) contractor , distributor , 
 manufacturer and reseller , in each case solely for the benefit of the spinco business , and ( ii ) end user and customer , in each case solely in 
 connection with the use of product and service of the spinco business . notwithstanding the forgo , subject to section 3.02(b ) and article vi , 
 member of the spinco group may only sublicense the nuance share technology asset pursuant to term and condition as protective as those 
 under which it license its own technology of a similar nature and value , and in any event term and condition that provide for commercially reasonable 
 protection for the source code , structure and other confidential and proprietary element of the nuance share technology asset . the spinco group 
 shall remain liable for any breach or default of the applicable term and condition of this agreement by any of its sublicensee . 
 section 3.02 . other covenant . 
 ( a ) spinco hereby acknowledge nuance ’s right , title and interest in and to the nuance ip . spinco agree that it will not ( i ) oppose , 
 challenge , petition to cancel , contest or threaten in any way , or assist another party in oppose , challenging , petition to cancel , contesting or 
 threaten in any way , any application or registration by nuance or its affiliate or their respective licensee for any nuance ip , ( ii ) engage in any act , or 
 purposefully omit to perform any act , that impairs or adversely affect the right of nuance or any member of the nuance group in and to any nuance ip 
 or ( iii ) apply for any registration ( include federal , state and national registration ) with respect to the nuance ip . 
 ( b ) with respect to the nuance share technology asset , spinco agree that it will not ( i ) engage in any act , or purposefully omit to 
 perform any act , that impairs or adversely affect the right of nuance or any member of the nuance group in and to any nuance share technology 
 asset , ( ii ) use the nuance share technology asset on a service bureau , time sharing or similar basis , or for the benefit of any other person , ( iii ) 
 remove any proprietary marking in the nuance share technology asset , ( iv ) incorporate or otherwise combine or integrate any open source software 
 with or into the nuance share technology asset such that the nuance share technology asset , or any part thereof , become subject to any " open 
 source , " " copyleft " or similar type of license term ( include , without limitation , any license that be or be recognize as an open source software license 
 by the open source initiative ) , ( v ) reverse engineer , reverse assemble or decompile the nuance share technology asset or any software component of 
 the nuance share technology asset or ( vi ) disclose , distribute or otherwise provide or permit access to source code of any nuance share 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 technology asset other than to commercial source code escrow provider who be only permit to make such source code available to third party 
 that have enter into an escrow agreement with a member of the spinco group and escrow provider . 
 article iv 
 license and covenant from spinco to nuance 
 section 4.01 . license grant . 
 ( a ) patent . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , as of the distribution date , spinco hereby grant to nuance and the 
 member of the nuance group a worldwide , non - exclusive , fully pay - up , perpetual and irrevocable , transferable ( subject to article viii ) , sublicensable 
 ( subject to section 4.01(g ) ) license under the spinco patent , solely to the extent that claim of the spinco patent cover product or service of the 
 nuance business in the nuance field of use , together with natural extension and evolution thereof , in each case to make , have make use , sell , offer for 
 sale , import and otherwise exploit such product and service , together with natural extension and evolution thereof . 
 ( b ) technology . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , as of the distribution date , spinco hereby grant to nuance and 
 the member of the nuance group a worldwide , non - exclusive , fully pay - up , perpetual and irrevocable , transferable ( subject to article viii ) , 
 sublicensable ( subject to section 4.01(g ) ) license to install , access , use , reproduce , perform , display , modify ( include the right to create improvement 
 and derivative work ) , far develop , sell , manufacture , distribute and market product and service base on , use or incorporate the spinco 
 share technology asset within the nuance field of use , together with natural extension and evolution thereof . 
 ( c ) other spinco share ip . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , as of the distribution date , spinco hereby grant to 
 nuance and the member of the nuance group a worldwide , non - exclusive , fully pay - up , perpetual and irrevocable , transferable ( subject to article 
 viii ) , sublicensable ( subject to section 4.01(g ) ) license to continue to use any spinco ip ( other than spinco patent , spinco technology asset , spinco 
 trademark , spinco domain name and spinco datum ) , in each case solely as and to the extent that it be use by the nuance group in connection with 
 product and service of the nuance business within the nuance field of use , together with natural extension and evolution thereof . 
 ( d ) trademark . the party acknowledge and agree that no right be grant to the nuance group in this agreement with respect to any 
 trademark or domain name . 
 ( e ) spinco datum . the party acknowledge and agree that certain right and obligation with respect to the use or benefit of the nuance 
 group of certain spinco datum shall be as provide in schedule c. 
 ( f ) oem technology . notwithstanding the foregoing , the party acknowledge and agree that this section 4.01 do not grant any right or 
 license to any oem technology , which be subject to certain separate agreement between the party , and to the 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 extent there be a conflict between this agreement and such separate agreement , such separate agreement shall control . 
 ( g ) sublicense . the license grant in section 4.01(a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) to the nuance group include the right to grant sublicense within the 
 scope of such license only to member of the nuance group and , without any further right to sublicense , to their respective ( i ) contractor , distributor , 
 manufacturer and reseller , in each case solely for the benefit of the nuance business and ( ii ) end user and customer , in each case solely in 
 connection with the use of product and service of the nuance business . notwithstanding the forgo , subject to section 4.02(b ) and article vi , 
 member of the nuance group may only sublicense the spinco share technology asset pursuant to term and condition as protective as those 
 under which it license its own technology of a similar nature and value , and in any event term and condition that provide for commercially reasonable 
 protection for the source code , structure and other confidential and proprietary element of the spinco share technology asset . the nuance group 
 shall remain liable for any breach or default of the applicable term and condition of this agreement by any of its sublicensee . 
 section 4.02 . other covenant . 
 ( a ) nuance hereby acknowledge spinco ’s right , title and interest in and to the spinco ip . nuance agree that it will not ( i ) oppose , 
 challenge , petition to cancel , contest or threaten in any way , or assist another party in oppose , challenging , petition to cancel , contesting or 
 threaten in any way , any application or registration by spinco or its affiliate or their respective licensee for any spinco ip , ( ii ) engage in any act , or 
 purposefully omit to perform any act , that impairs or adversely affect the right of spinco or any member of the spinco group in and to any spinco ip or 
 ( iii ) apply for any registration ( include federal , state and national registration ) with respect to the spinco ip . 
 ( b ) with respect to the spinco share technology asset , nuance agree that it will not ( i ) engage in any act , or purposefully omit to 
 perform any act , that impairs or adversely affect the right of spinco or any member of the spinco group in and to any spinco share technology 
 asset , ( ii ) use the spinco share technology asset on a service bureau , time sharing or similar basis , or for the benefit of any other person , ( iii ) 
 remove any proprietary marking in the spinco share technology asset , ( iv ) incorporate or otherwise combine or integrate any open source software 
 with or into the spinco share technology asset such that the spinco share technology asset , or any part thereof , become subject to any " open 
 source , " " copyleft " or similar type of license term ( include , without limitation , any license that be or be recognize as an open source software license 
 by the open source initiative ) , ( v ) reverse engineer , reverse assemble or decompile the spinco share technology asset or any software component of 
 the spinco share technology asset or ( vi ) disclose , distribute or otherwise provide or permit access to source code of any spinco share 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 technology asset other than to commercial source code escrow provider who be only permit to make such source code available to third party 
 that have enter into an escrow agreement with a member of the nuance group and escrow provider . 
 article v 
 additional intellectual property relate matter 
 section 5.01 . ownership . the party receive the license hereunder acknowledge and agree that the party ( or the applicable member of its group ) 
 grant the license be the sole and exclusive owner of the intellectual property right so licensed . 
 section 5.02 . assignment and license . any assignment , other transfer or license by either party or any member of its group of any intellectual 
 property right license to the other party or any member of its group pursuant to article iii or article iv , respectively , shall be subject to the 
 applicable license , covenant and restriction set forth herein . 
 section 5.03 . no imply right . nothing contain in this agreement shall be construe as confer any right ( include the right to 
 sublicense ) by implication , estoppel or otherwise , under any intellectual property right , other than as expressly grant in this agreement , and all other 
 right under any intellectual property right license to a party or the member of its group hereunder be expressly reserve by the party grant the 
 license . 
 section 5.04 . no obligation to prosecute or maintain patent . except as expressly set forth in this agreement , no party or any member of its group 
 shall have any obligation to seek , perfect or maintain any protection for any of its intellectual property right . without limit the generality of the 
 foregoing , except as expressly set forth in this agreement , no party or any member of its group shall have any obligation to file any patent application , to 
 prosecute any patent , or secure any patent right or to maintain any patent in force . 
 section 5.05 . no technical assistance . except as expressly set forth in this agreement , in the separation agreement or any other mutually execute 
 agreement between the party or any of the member of their respective group , no party or any member of its group shall be require to provide the 
 other party with any technical assistance or to furnish any other party with , or obtain on their behalf , any intellectual property right - relate document , 
 material or other information or technology . 
 section 5.06 . group member . each party shall cause the member of its group to comply with all applicable provision of this agreement . 
 article vi 
 confidential information 
 section 6.01 . confidentiality . without limit section 6.02 , all confidential information of a party disclose to the other party under this agreement 
 shall be deem confidential and proprietary information of the disclosing party , shall be subject to the provision of section 7.09 of the separation 
 agreement and may be use by the receive party pursuant to this agreement for the sole and express purpose of effect the license grant herein . 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 section 6.02 . disclosure of confidential technical information . except as expressly permit by this agreement , include in section 3.02(b)(vi ) or 
 section 4.02(b)(vi ) , the receive party shall not , and shall not permit any other person to , disclose any confidential technical information to any person 
 without prior write consent of the disclosing party , except that the receive party may disclose the confidential technical information solely to those 
 employee and contractor of the receive party who have a need to know the confidential technical information in connection with designing , 
 develop , distributing , marketing , test and support any product or service of the receive party within the nuance field of use or spinco 
 field of use , as applicable ( collectively , the " permit recipients”); provide , that prior to such disclosure the receive party shall notify each such 
 permit recipient in writing of the use and disclosure restriction set forth in this agreement and ensure that such permit recipient be bind by 
 confidentiality obligation with respect thereto . the receive party shall take , at its sole expense , all reasonable measure to prevent any prohibit or 
 unauthorized disclosure or use of any confidential technical information , include by its permit recipient , and shall be liable for any breach of 
 this agreement by any of its permit recipient , in each case , as if commit by the receive party . 
 section 6.03 . compulsory disclosure of confidential technical information . if the receive party receive a request to disclose any confidential 
 technical information pursuant to a subpoena or other order of a governmental authority : ( i ) the receive party shall promptly notify in write the 
 disclose party thereof and reasonably consult with and assist the disclosing party in seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy to limit 
 such disclosure , ( ii ) in the event that such protective order or remedy be not obtain , the receive party shall disclose only that portion of the 
 confidential technical information which , in the write opinion of the receive party ’s legal counsel , be legally require to be disclose , and the 
 receive party shall use reasonable good effort to ensure confidential treatment of any such disclose confidential technical information and ( iii ) the 
 disclose party shall be give an opportunity to review any such confidential technical information prior to disclosure thereof . the party shall fully 
 cooperate , to the extent permit by law , in any action the disclosing party may take in seek to prevent or limit such disclosure . any confidential 
 technical information disclose under this section 6.03 shall continue to be deem confidential technical information for all purpose hereunder , 
 notwithstanding such disclosure . 
 article vii 
 limitation of liability and warranty disclaimer 
 section 7.01 . limitation on liability . without limit the term set forth in section 6.09 of the separation agreement , none of nuance , spinco or 
 any other member of either group shall in any event have any liability to the other or to any other member of the other ’s group under this agreement for 
 any indirect , special , punitive or consequential damage , whether or not cause by or result from negligence or breach of obligation hereunder and 
 whether or not informed of the possibility of the existence of such damage . 
 section 7.02 . disclaimer of representation and warranty . each of nuance ( on behalf of itself and each other member of the nuance group ) and 
 spinco ( on behalf of itself and each other member of the spinco group ) understand and agree that , except as expressly set forth in this agreement , no 
 party be represent or warrant in any way , include any 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 imply warranty of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , title , registerability , allowability , enforceability or non - infringement , as to any 
 intellectual property right license hereunder , as to the sufficiency of the intellectual property right license hereunder for the conduct and 
 operation of the spinco business or the nuance business , as applicable , as to the value or freedom from any security interest of , or any other matter 
 concerning , any intellectual property right license hereunder , or as to the absence of any defense or right of setoff or freedom from counterclaim 
 with respect to any claim or other intellectual property right of any such party , or as to the legal sufficiency of any assignment , document or instrument 
 deliver hereunder to convey title to any intellectual property right or thing of value upon the execution , delivery and file hereof or thereof . except 
 as may expressly be set forth herein , any such intellectual property right be be license on an " as be , " " where be " basis and the respective licensee 
 shall bear the economic and legal risk relate to the use of the nuance ip in the spinco business or the spinco ip in the nuance business , as applicable . 
 article viii 
 transferability and assignment 
 section 8.01 . no assignment or transfer without consent . except as expressly set forth in this agreement , neither this agreement nor any of the 
 right , interest or obligation under this agreement , include the license grant pursuant to this agreement , shall be assign , in whole or in part , by 
 operation of law or otherwise by either party without the prior write consent of the other party . any purport assignment without such consent shall 
 be void . notwithstanding the foregoing , if any party to this agreement ( or any of its successor or permit assign ) ( a ) shall enter into a consolidation 
 or merger transaction in which such party be not the survive entity and the survive entity acquire or assume all or substantially all of such party ’s 
 asset , ( b ) shall transfer all or substantially all of such party ’s asset to any person or ( c ) shall assign this agreement to such party ’s affiliate , then , in 
 each such case , the assign party ( or its successor or permit assign , as applicable ) shall ensure that the assignee or successor - in - interest 
 expressly assume in write all of the obligation of the assign party under this agreement , and the assign party shall not be require to seek 
 consent , but shall provide write notice and evidence of such assignment , assumption or succession to the non - assigning party . subject to the 
 precede sentence , this agreement will be bind upon , inure to the benefit of , and be enforceable by , the party and their respective successor and 
 assign . no assignment permit by this section 8.01 shall release the assign party from liability for the full performance of its obligation under this 
 agreement . for the avoidance of doubt , in no event will the license grant in this agreement extend to product , service or other activity of the 
 assignee exist on or before the date of the transaction describe in clause ( a ) or ( b ) of the precede sentence , except to the extent that they be 
 license under the term of this agreement prior to such transaction . 
 section 8.02 . divested business . in the event a party divest a line of business or line of product or service by ( a ) spin off a member of its 
 group by its sale or other disposition to a third party , ( b ) reduce ownership or control in a member of its group so that it no long qualifier as a 
 member of its group under this agreement , ( c ) selling or otherwise transfer such line of business , product or service to a third party or ( d ) form 
 a joint venture with a third party with respect to such line of business , product or service ( each such divest entity or line of business , product or 
 service , a " divested entity " ) , the divest entity 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 shall retain those license grant to it under this agreement , provide that the license shall be limit to the business , product or service ( as 
 applicable ) of the divest entity as of the date of divestment and such natural development thereof within the nuance field of use ( where nuance be the 
 divest party ) or spinco field of use ( where spinco be the divest party ) . the retention of any license grant be subject to the divested entity ’s 
 and , in the event it be acquire by a third party , such third party ’s execution and delivery to the non - transferring party , within 90 day of the effective 
 date of such divestment , of a duly authorize , write undertaking , agree to be bind by the applicable term of this agreement . for the avoidance of 
 doubt , ( i ) in no event will the license retain by a divested entity extend to product , service or other activity of a third party acquirer exist on or 
 before the date of the divestment , except to the extent that they be license under the term of this agreement prior to such divestment , and ( ii ) in the 
 event that a divest entity own any intellectual property right license to the other party under this agreement , such intellectual property right 
 may be transfer or assignment with such divest entity subject to the term and condition this agreement . 
 article ix 
 termination 
 section 9.01 . termination by both party . subject to section 9.02 , this agreement may not be terminate except by an agreement in writing sign 
 by a duly authorize officer of each of the party . 
 section 9.02 . termination prior to the distribution . this agreement may be terminate by nuance at any time , in its sole discretion , prior to the 
 distribution; provide , however , that this agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the separation agreement in accordance with 
 its term . 
 section 9.03 . effect of termination; survival . in the event of any termination of this agreement prior to the distribution , neither party ( nor any 
 member of their group or any of their respective director or officer ) shall have any liability or further obligation to the other party or any member of its 
 group under this agreement . except with respect to termination of the agreement under section 9.02 , notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the 
 contrary , article i , article vi , article vii , this section 9.03 and article xi shall survive any termination of this agreement . 
 article x 
 further assurance 
 section 10.01 . further assurance . 
 ( a ) in addition to the action specifically provide for elsewhere in this agreement , each of the party shall use reasonable good effort , 
 prior to , on and after the distribution date , to take , or cause to be take , all action , and to do , or cause to be do , all thing , reasonably necessary , 
 proper or advisable under applicable law and agreement to consummate , and make effective , the transaction contemplate by this agreement . 
 ( b ) without limit the foregoing , prior to , on and after the distribution date , each party shall cooperate with the other party , without any 
 further 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 consideration , but at the expense of the request party : ( i ) to execute and deliver , or use reasonable good effort to execute and deliver , or cause to be 
 execute and deliver , all instrument , include any instrument of conveyance , assignment and transfer as such party may reasonably be request to 
 execute and deliver by the other party; ( ii ) to make , or cause to be make , all filing with , and to obtain , or cause to be obtain , all consent of any 
 governmental authority or any other person under any permit , license , contract , indenture or other instrument; and ( iii ) to take , or cause to be take , all 
 such other action as such party may reasonably be request to take by the other party from time to time , consistent with the term of this agreement , 
 in order to effectuate the provision and purpose of this agreement and any transfer of intellectual property right or assignment and assumption 
 of liability relate thereto as set forth in the separation agreement . 
 article xi 
 miscellaneous 
 section 11.01 . counterparts; entire agreement; corporate power . 
 ( a ) this agreement may be execute in one or more counterpart , all of which counterpart shall be consider one and the same 
 agreement , and shall become effective when one or more counterpart have be sign by each party and deliver to the other party . this agreement 
 may be execute by facsimile or pdf signature and scan and exchange by electronic mail , and such facsimile or pdf signature or scan and 
 exchange copy shall constitute an original for all purpose . 
 ( b ) this agreement and the exhibit and schedule hereto contain the entire agreement between the party with respect to the subject 
 matter hereof and supersede all previous agreement , negotiation , discussion , writing , understanding , commitment and conversation with respect 
 to such subject matter , and there be no agreement or understanding between the party with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those set 
 forth or refer to herein or therein . in the event of conflict or inconsistency between the provision of this agreement or the separation agreement , the 
 provision of this agreement shall prevail . 
 ( c ) nuance represent on behalf of itself and each other member of the nuance group , and spinco represent on behalf of itself and each 
 other member of the spinco group , as follow : 
 ( i ) each such person have the requisite corporate or other power and authority and have take all corporate or other action necessary in 
 order to execute , deliver and perform this agreement and to consummate the transaction contemplate hereby; and 
 ( ii ) this agreement have be duly execute and deliver by it and constitute , or will constitute , a valid and bind agreement of it 
 enforceable in accordance with the term thereof . 
 section 11.02 . dispute resolution . in the event that either party , act reasonably , form the view that another party have cause a material breach 
 of the term of this agreement , then the party that form such a view shall serve write notice of the allege breach on the other party and the party 
 shall work together in good faith to resolve any such allege 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 breach within thirty ( 30 ) day of such notice ( a " dispute " ) . if any such allege breach be not so resolve , then a senior executive of each party shall , in 
 good faith , attempt to resolve any such allege breach within the following thirty ( 30 ) day of the referral of the matter to the senior executive . if no 
 resolution be reach with respect to any such allege breach in accordance with the procedure contain in this section 11.02 , then the party may seek 
 to resolve such matter in accordance with section 11.03 , section 11.04 , section 11.05 and section 11.06 
 section 11.03 . govern law; jurisdiction . any dispute relate to , arise out of or result from this agreement , include to its execution , 
 performance , or enforcement , shall be govern by , and construe in accordance with , the law of the state of delaware , regardless of the law that 
 might otherwise govern under applicable principle of conflict of law thereof . each party irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction , forum and 
 venue of the delaware court of chancery ( and if the delaware court of chancery shall be unavailable , any delaware state court or the federal court 
 sit in the state of delaware ) over any and all claim , dispute , controversy or disagreement between the party or any of their respective affiliate , 
 successor and assign under or relate to this agreement or any of the transaction contemplate hereby , include their execution , performance or 
 enforcement , whether in contract , tort or otherwise . each of the party hereby agree that it shall not assert , and shall hereby waive , any claim or right or 
 defense that it be not subject to the jurisdiction of such court , that the venue be improper , that the forum be inconvenient or any similar objection , claim or 
 argument . each party agree that a final judgment in any legal proceeding resolve in accordance with this section 11.03 , section 11.04 , section 11.05 and 
 section 11.06 shall be conclusive and may be enforce in other jurisdiction by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provide by applicable law . 
 section 11.04 . waiver of jury trial . each party hereby waive its right to a jury trial of any claim or cause of action 
 relate to , arise out of or result from this agreement or the transaction contemplate hereby , include 
 their execution , performance or enforcement , whether in contract , tort or otherwise . the scope of this waiver be 
 intend to be all - encompassing of any and all dispute that may be file in any court and that relate to the 
 subject matter of this transaction , include contract claim , tort claim ( include negligence ) , breach of duty 
 claim and all other common law and statutory claim . this section have be fully discuss by each of the party 
 and these provision will not be subject to any exception . 
 section 11.05 . court - order interim relief . in accordance with section 11.03 and section 11.04 , at any time after give notice of a dispute , each 
 party shall be entitle to interim measure of protection duly grant by a court of competent jurisdiction : ( 1 ) to preserve the status quo pende 
 resolution of the dispute; ( 2 ) to prevent the destruction or loss of document and other information or thing relate to the dispute; or ( 3 ) to prevent the 
 transfer , disposition or hiding of asset . any such interim measure ( or a request therefor to a court of competent jurisdiction ) shall not be deem 
 incompatible with the provision of section 11.02 , section 11.03 and section 11.04 . until such dispute be resolve in accordance with section 11.02 or final 
 judgment be render in accordance with section 11.03 and section 11.04 , each 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 party agree that such party shall continue to perform its obligation under this agreement and that such obligation shall not be subject to any defense 
 or setoff , counterclaim , recoupment or termination . 
 section 11.06 . specific performance . subject to section 11.02 and section 11.05 , in the event of any actual or threatened default in , or breach of , any 
 of the term , condition and provision of this agreement , the affected party shall have the right to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable 
 relief of its right under this agreement , in addition to any and all other right and remedy at law or in equity , and all such right and remedy shall be 
 cumulative . the other party shall not oppose the granting of such relief on the basis that money damage be an adequate remedy . the party agree that 
 the remedy at law for any breach or threaten breach hereof , include monetary damage , be inadequate compensation for any loss and that any 
 defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate be waive . any requirement for the securing or posting of any 
 bond or similar security with such remedy be waive . 
 section 11.07 . third - party beneficiary . except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or as otherwise may be provide in the separation 
 agreement with respect to the right of any nuance indemnitee or spinco indemnitee , in his , she or its respective capacity as such , ( a ) the provision of 
 this agreement be solely for the benefit of the party hereto and be not intend to confer upon any person except the party hereto any right or 
 remedy hereunder and ( b ) there be no third - party beneficiary of this agreement and this agreement shall not provide any third person with any 
 remedy , claim , liability , reimbursement , cause of action or other right in excess of those exist without reference to this agreement . 
 section 11.08 . notice . all notice or other communication under this agreement shall be in writing and shall be deem to be duly give ( a ) when 
 deliver in person , ( b ) on the date receive , if send by a nationally recognize delivery or courier service , ( c ) upon write confirmation of receipt after 
 transmittal by electronic mail or ( d ) upon the early of confirm receipt or the fifth ( 5th ) business day follow the date of mailing if send by registered or 
 certify mail , return receipt request , postage prepay and address as follow : 
 if to nuance , to : 
 nuance communication , inc . 
 1 wayside road , burlington , ma 01803 
 attn : wendy cassity , evp and chief legal officer 
 email : wendy.cassitynuance.com 
 with a copy to : david garfinkel , svp corporate development 
 email : david.garfinkelnuance.com 
 and 
 paul , weiss , rifkind , wharton & garrison llp 
 1285 avenue of the america 
 new york , ny 10019 - 6064 
 attn : scott a. barshay 
 steven j. williams 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 michael e. vogel 
 email : sbarshaypaulweiss.com 
 swilliamspaulweiss.com 
 mvogelpaulweiss.com 
 facsimile : 212 - 492 - 0040 
 if to spinco , to : 
 cerence inc . 
 15 wayside road , burlington , ma 01803 
 attn : leanne fitzgerald , general counsel 
 email : leanne.fitzgeraldcerence.com 
 with a copy to : mark gallenberger , chief financial officer 
 email : mark.gallenbergercerence.com 
 either party may , by notice to the other party , change the address and identity of the person to which such notice and copy of such notice be to be 
 give . each party agree that nothing in this agreement shall affect the other party ’s right to serve process in any other manner permit by law 
 ( include pursuant to the rule for foreign service of process authorize by the hague convention ) . 
 section 11.09 . import and export control . each party agree that it shall comply with all applicable national and international law and regulation 
 relate to import and/or export control in its country(ie ) , if any , involve any commodity , software , service or technology within the scope of this 
 agreement . 
 section 11.10 . bankruptcy . the party acknowledge and agree that all right and license grant by the other under or pursuant to this agreement 
 be , and shall otherwise be deem to be , for purpose of section 365(n ) of the united states bankruptcy code , as amend ( the " bankruptcy code " ) , 
 license of right to " intellectual property " as define under section 101 of the bankruptcy code . the party agree that , notwithstanding anything else 
 in this agreement , nuance and the member of the nuance group and spinco and the member of the spinco group , as licensee of such intellectual 
 property right under this agreement , shall retain and may fully exercise all of its right and election under the bankruptcy code ( include nuance ’s 
 and the nuance group member ' and spinco ’s and the spinco group member ' right 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 to the continue enjoyment of the right and license respectively grant by under this agreement ) . 
 section 11.11 . severability . if any provision of this agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance be determine by a court of 
 competent jurisdiction to be invalid , void or unenforceable , the remain provision hereof , or the application of such provision to person or 
 circumstance , or in jurisdiction other than those as to which it have be hold invalid or unenforceable , shall remain in full force and effect and shall in 
 no way be affect , impair or invalidated thereby , so long as the economic or legal substance of the transaction contemplate hereby be not affect in 
 any manner materially adverse to either party . upon any such determination , any such provision , to the extent determine to be invalid , void or 
 unenforceable , shall be deem replace by a provision that such court determine be valid and enforceable and that come close to express the 
 intention of the invalid , void or unenforceable provision . 
 section 11.12 . expense . except as set forth on schedule xxiv to the separation agreement , as otherwise expressly provide in this agreement or 
 the separation agreement , ( i ) all third - party fee , cost and expense incur by either the nuance group or the spinco group in connection with 
 effecting the spin - off prior to or on the distribution date , whether payable prior to , on or follow the distribution date ( but exclude , for the 
 avoidance of doubt , any financing fee or interest payable in respect of any indebtedness incur by spinco in connection with the spin - off ) , will be 
 bear and pay by nuance and ( ii ) all third - party fee , cost and expense incur by either the nuance group or the spinco group in connection with 
 effecting the spin - off follow the distribution date , whether payable prior to , on or follow the distribution date , will be bear and pay by the party 
 incur such fee , cost or expense . for the avoidance of doubt , this section 11.12 shall not affect each party ’s responsibility to indemnify nuance 
 liability or spinco liability , as applicable , arise from the transaction contemplate by the distribution . 
 section 11.13 . heading . the article , section and paragraph heading contain in this agreement , include in the table of content of this 
 agreement , be for reference purpose only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this agreement . 
 section 11.14 . survival of covenant . except as expressly set forth in this agreement , the covenant in this agreement and the liability for the 
 breach of any obligation in this agreement shall survive the spin - off and shall remain in full force and effect . 
 section 11.15 . waiver of default . no failure or delay of any party ( or the applicable member of its group ) in exercise any right or remedy under 
 this agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof , nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power , or any abandonment or 
 discontinuance of step to enforce such right or power , or any course of conduct , preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any 
 other right or power . waiver by any party of any default by the other party of any provision of this agreement shall not be deem a waiver by the 
 waive party of any subsequent or other default . 
 section 11.16 . amendment . no provision of this agreement shall be deem waive , amend , supplement or modify by any party , unless 
 such waiver , amendment , 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 supplement or modification be in writing and sign by the authorize representative of each party . 
 section 11.17 . interpretation . word in the singular shall be hold to include the plural and vice versa and word of one gender shall be hold to 
 include the other gender as the context require . the term " hereof , " " herein , " " herewith " and word of similar import , unless otherwise state , shall be 
 construe to refer to this agreement as a whole ( include all of the schedule hereto ) and not to any particular provision of this agreement . article , 
 section or schedule reference be to the article , section and schedule of or to this agreement unless otherwise specify . any capitalize term use 
 in any schedule to this agreement but not otherwise define therein shall have the meaning as define in this agreement . any definition of or reference 
 to any agreement , instrument or other document herein ( include any reference herein to this agreement ) shall , unless otherwise state , be construe as 
 refer to such agreement , instrument or other document as from time to time amend , supplement or otherwise modify ( subject to any restriction 
 on such amendment , supplement or modification set forth therein , include in section 11.16 above ) . the word " include " and word of similar import 
 when use in this agreement shall mean " include , without limitation , " unless the context otherwise require or unless otherwise specify . the word 
 " or " shall not be exclusive . the word " extent " in the phrase " to the extent " shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extend , and such 
 phrase shall not mean simply " if . " all reference to " " or dollar amount be to the lawful currency of the united states of america . in the event that an 
 ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arise , this agreement shall be construe as if draft jointly by the party , and no presumption or 
 burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavor either party by virtue of the authorship of any provision hereof . 
 [ signature page follow ] 

 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019 
 in witness whereof , the party have cause this intellectual property agreement to be execute by their duly authorize representative . 
 nuance communication , inc . 
 by : /s/ wendy cassity 
 name : wendy cassity 
 title : 
 executive vice president and chief legal officer 
 cerence inc . 
 by : /s/ leanne fitzgerald 
 name : leanne fitzgerald 
 title : 
 vice president and secretary 
 [ signature page to the intellectual property agreement ] 
 source : cerence inc . , 8 - k , 10/2/2019