exhibit 10.12.1 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 [ ] certain information in this document have be exclude because it both ( i ) be not material and ( ii ) would likely cause competitive harm to 
 the registrant if publicly disclose . 
 joint venture agreement 
 by and among 
 aizu fujitsu semiconductor limited 
 fujitsu semiconductor limited 
 and 
 transphorm , inc . 
 date 
 may 23 , 2017 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 table of content 
 page 
 article I definition 

 article ii representation and warranty of the party 

 2.1 
 representation and warranty of afsl and fsl 

 2.2 
 representation and warranty of tph - a and tph 

 article iii operation of the company 

 3.1 
 activity 

 3.2 
 cash requirement of the company 

 3.3 
 business plan 

 3.4 
 independent entity 

 article iv management of the company 

 4.1 
 board 

 4.2 
 composition of the board 

 4.3 
 board observer 

 4.4 
 meetings; quorum 

 4.5 
 personnel; representative director 

 4.6 
 statutory auditor 

 4.7 
 action require unanimous board approval 

 4.8 
 agreement regard board 

 4.9 
 procedure in the event of failure to agree 

 article v covenant 

 5.1 
 capital account 

 5.2 
 provision of support service 

 5.3 
 gan equipment 

 5.4 
 ancillary agreement 

 5.5 
 other exist agreement 

 5.6 
 ownership of ip 

 5.7 
 sufficiency of ip 

 5.8 
 cooperation 

 5.9 
 delivery of financial statements; inspection right 

 5.10 
 tph ' s stockholder approval 

 article vi right and obligation of fsl , tph and tph - a 

 6.1 
 fsl 

 6.2 
 tph 

 6.3 
 tph - a 

 article vii term and termination 

 7.1 
 termination prior to the effective date 

 -i- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 table of content 
 ( continue ) 
 .2 
 effect of termination prior to the effective date 

 7.3 
 termination after the effective date 

 7.4 
 dissolution and winding - up 

 7.5 
 shareholder call upon breach 

 7.6 
 shareholder call upon bankruptcy after the effective date 

 7.7 
 survival of provision after the effective date 

 7.8 
 cooperation 

 article viii transfer restriction 

 8.1 
 restriction on transfer 

 8.2 
 permissible transfer 

 article ix put option and call option 

 9.1 
 afsl ’s right to require the purchase of the share by tph or tph - a 

 9.2 
 tph - a ’s right to require the purchase of the share from fsl or afsl 

 9.3 
 condition to put option or call option close 

 9.4 
 other obligation 

 article x treatment of employee 

 10.1 
 new term and condition for employment 

 10.2 
 representation and warranty regard employment 

 article xi miscellaneous 

 11.1 
 no partnership 

 11.2 
 limitation on party ' authority 

 11.3 
 indemnification 

 11.4 
 confidentiality 

 11.5 
 access to company information after the put closing date or the call closing date 

 11.6 
 expense 

 11.7 
 notice 

 11.8 
 successor and assign 

 11.9 
 waiver 

 11.10 announcement 

 11.11 entire agreement 

 11.12 amendment 

 11.13 limitation on right of third person 

 11.14 govern law; language 

 11.15 resolution of dispute 

 11.16 severability 

 11.17 execution in counterpart 

 11.18 title and heading 

 11.19 counsel only to tph and tph - a 

 -ii- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 joint venture agreement 
 this joint venture agreement ( " agreement " ) be make as of this 23rd day of may , 2017 by and among aizu 
 fujitsu semiconductor limited ( " afsl " ) , a kabushiki kaisha incorporate in japan , with an address at no.4 kogyo danchi , 
 monden - machi , aizu wakamatsu , fukushima , japan , fujitsu semiconductor limited ( " fsl " ) , a kabushiki kaisha incorporate 
 in japan , with an address at shin - yokohama chuo building , 2 - 100 - 45 , shin - yokohama , kohoku - ku , yokohama , kanagawa , 
 japan , as a one hundred percent ( 100 ) shareholder of afsl , and transphorm , inc . ( " tph " ) , a corporation incorporate in 
 delaware , with an address at 75 castilian drive , goleta , california 93117 , u.s.a . ( collectively refer to as the " party " and 
 individually , a " party " ) . 
 w I t n e s s e t h : 
 whereas , aizu fujitsu semiconductor wafer solution limit ( " afsw " or the " company " ) , a kabushiki kaisha 
 incorporate in japan , with an address at no.3 kogyo danchi , monden - machi , aizu wakamatsu , fukushima , japan have be 
 engage with the business of 150 mm wafer foundry service and other service relate thereto ( the " business " ) . 
 whereas , prior to the effective date ( as define below ) , tph intend to incorporate a new wholly - own subsidiary 
 ( " tph - a " ) and make it a party hereto . 
 whereas , with the consent of the party and the board of director of the company , afsl have enter into the share 
 purchase agreement date may 23 , 2017 ( the " spa " ) , by and among the party hereof , pursuant to which afsl will sell and 
 transfer [ ] share of the issued and outstanding share in the company ( represent [ ] of the issued and outstanding share 
 in the company ) to tph - a; and 
 whereas , the party intend to regulate and agree upon the organization and operation of the company and each 
 party ’s right and obligation and other matter regard the company; and 
 now , therefore , for good and valuable consideration , the receipt and sufficiency of which be hereby acknowledge , 
 the party agree as follow : 
 article I 
 definition 
 as use in this agreement , the follow term shall have the following meaning : 
 1.1 " affiliate " of afsl , fsl , tph - a or tph , as the case may be , mean a person or group of person : ( a ) which own 
 or control , directly or indirectly , afsl , fsl , tph - a or tph; ( b ) which be own or control , directly or indirectly , by afsl , 
 fsl , tph - a or tph; or ( c ) which be own or control , directly or indirectly , by any person describe in section 1.1(a ) or ( b ) . 
 1.2 " afsw secondment agreement " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 1.3 " amend process development agreement " have the meaning ascribe to that term in section 2.1.7 . 
 1.4 " ancillary agreement " mean the spa , the afsw secondment agreement , the tph - j secondment agreement , 
 the wafer supply agreement , the joinder agreement , the process development amendment and the service agreement 
 amendment . 
 1.6 " board " mean the board of director of the company . 
 1.7 " business " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the recital . 
 1.8 " business day " mean any day other than a saturday , sunday or public holiday under the law of japan , or any 
 other day on which banking institution be authorize to close in tokyo , japan or in new york , new york , usa . 
 1.9 " business plan " have the meaning ascribe to that term in section 3.3.1 . 
 1.10 " call share " mean any and all share hold by afsl or fsl or any other person control by afsl or fsl , as 
 the case may be , on the date of the call exercise notice . 
 1.11 " change of control transaction " mean either ( a ) the acquisition of the company by an entity not affiliate with 
 fsl or tph by mean of any transaction or series of related transaction ( include , without limitation , any stock acquisition , 
 merger , demerger or share exchange but exclude any sale of stock for capital raise purpose ) other than a transaction or series 
 of related transaction in which the holder of the vote security of the company outstanding immediately prior to such 
 transaction or series of relate transaction retain , immediately after such transaction or series of related transaction , as a result of 
 share in the company hold by such holder prior to such transaction or series of related transaction , at least a majority of the 
 total voting power represent by the outstanding voting security of the company or such other surviving or result entity ( or if 
 the company or such other surviving or result entity be a wholly - own subsidiary ( hereinafter define ) immediately follow 
 such acquisition , its parent); or ( b ) a sale , lease , transfer , exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the asset 
 of the company and its subsidiary take as a whole by mean of any transaction or series of related transaction with a party 
 other than fsl or its affiliate or tph or its affiliate , except where such sale , lease , transfer , exclusive license or other disposition 
 be to a wholly own subsidiary of the company . 
 1.12 " company asset " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.13 " control " mean the power , right or authority to direct or cause the direction of the management or policy of a 
 person , or to elect a majority of the board of director or similar governing body of a person , whether through the ownership of 
 security or similar ownership interest , by contract or otherwise , and reference to " change of control " include the transfer , 
 disposition or relinquishment , whether directly or indirectly , of control . 
 1.14 " designate individual " have the meaning ascribe to that term in section 4.9 . 
 1.15 " designate nuclear waste " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 - 2- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 1.16 " director " have the meaning ascribe to that term in section 4.2 . 
 1.17 " effective date " mean the date that the initial closing occur . 
 1.18 " encumbrance " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.19 " fund work " have the meaning ascribe to that term in section 2.1.7 . 
 1.20 " gan equipment " have the meaning ascribe to that term in section 5.3 . 
 1.21 " gan wafer " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the amend process development agreement . 
 1.22 " governmental authority " mean any government , state ( or any subunit thereof ) , political subdivision or regulatory 
 authority , whether domestic , foreign or multinational , or any agency , authority , bureau , commission , department , or court of any 
 government state , political subdivision or regulatory authority or similar body or instrumentality thereof , or any federal state , local , 
 governmental , foreign or arbitral tribunal . 
 1.23 " governmental approval " mean all consent , approval , order , permit or authorization of , and registration , 
 declaration and filing with , and expiration of waiting period impose by , any court , legislative body , administrative agency , 
 commission or other governmental authority and require in connection with the transaction contemplate herein . 
 1.24 " harmful material " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.25 " initial closing " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.26 " intellectual property right " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.27 " japanese gaap " means generally accept accounting principle in japan . 
 1.28 " joinder agreement " have the meaning ascribe to that term in section 6.3 . 
 1.29 " joint venture " mean the operation of the company pursuant to this agreement from the effective date to the 
 early to occur of : ( i ) the put closing date ( hereinafter define ) , ( ii ) the call closing date ( hereinafter define ) , or ( iii ) termination 
 of this agreement pursuant to article vii hereof . 
 1.30 " law " mean law , statute , ordinance , rule requirement , decree , order or regulation . 
 1.31 " net book value " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.32 " option start date " mean february 1 , 2020 . 
 1.33 " person " include any individual , company , corporation , firm , partnership , joint venture , association , organization or 
 trust in each case whether or not have a separate legal identity . 
 - 3- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 1.34 " pro rata ownership " mean for any shareholder , the ratio equal to the total number of share hold by such 
 shareholder at any give time to the total number of outstanding share at such time . 
 1.35 " process development amendment " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.36 " put share " mean any and all share hold by afsl or fsl or any other person control by afsl or fsl , as 
 the case may be , on the date of the put exercise notice . 
 1.37 " sale share " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.38 " section " mean a section of this agreement . 
 1.39 " seller disclosure schedule " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.40 " service agreement amendment " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.41 " shareholder " mean each person that hold share . 
 1.42 " share " mean the share of authorized and outstanding capital of the company . 
 1.43 " share purchase price " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.44 " spa " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the recital . 
 1.45 " subsidiary " mean a person in which a party hereto beneficially own at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the equity 
 interest or voting power of such person . 
 1.46 " tax " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.47 " tax return " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.48 " tph - j " mean transphorm japan , inc . , a kabushiki kaisha incorporate in japan , which be a wholly - own 
 subsidiary of tph . 
 1.49 " tph - j secondment agreement " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 1.50 " wafer supply agreement " have the meaning ascribe to that term in the spa . 
 unless the context clearly require otherwise , reference to the singular shall include the plural , reference to the plural shall 
 include the singular and reference to a gender shall include all gender . 
 article ii 
 representation and warranty of the party 
 2.1 representation and warranty of afsl and fsl . afsl and fsl hereby represent and warrant to tph - a and tph 
 as of the date hereof and as of the effective date as follow : 
 - 4- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 2.1.1 organization . each of afsl and fsl be a kabushiki kaisha , duly organize , validly exist and in good 
 standing under the law of japan , and have the corporate power and authority to execute , deliver and perform its obligation under 
 this agreement . 
 2.1.2 authorization; execution and delivery; enforceability . all corporate action on the part of afsl and fsl 
 necessary for the authorization , execution and delivery of this agreement and for the performance of all of their respective 
 obligation hereunder have be take . this agreement have be duly execute and deliver by each of afsl and fsl and 
 constitute a valid and legally bind obligation of each of they . 
 2.1.3 government and other consent . no consent , authorization , license , permit , registration or approval of , or 
 exemption or other action by , any governmental authority , or any other person , be require in connection with afsl ’s or fsl ’s 
 execution , delivery and performance of this agreement . 
 2.1.4 effect of agreement . except as set forth in section 3.2.3 of the seller disclosure schedule , each of afsl ’s 
 and fsl ’s execution , delivery and performance of this agreement will not ( i ) violate the article of incorporation of either of they 
 or any provision of law , ( ii ) violate any judgment , order , writ , injunction or decree of any court applicable to afsl , fsl or the 
 company , ( iii ) result in the breach of , give rise to a right of termination , cancellation or acceleration of any obligation with respect 
 to ( presently or with the giving of notice , the passage of time or both ) , or otherwise be in conflict with any term of , or affect the 
 validity or enforceability of , any agreement or other commitment to which afsl , fsl or the company be a party and which would 
 materially and adversely affect either of they or the company , or ( iv ) result in the creation of any lien , pledge , mortgage , claim , 
 charge or encumbrance upon any asset of afsl , fsl or the company . 
 2.1.5 litigation . there be no action , suit or proceeding pende or , to either afsl ’s or fsl ’s knowledge , 
 threaten , against afsl or fsl before any governmental authority which question afsl ’s or fsl ’s right to enter into or 
 perform this agreement , or which question the validity of this agreement . 
 2.1.6 equipment . fsl ( as of the date hereof ) and the company ( as of the effective date ) have valid and perfect 
 ownership of all gan equipment , free and clear of any encumbrance . there be no third party agreement or license with 
 respect to any software or firmware require to operate any gan equipment . 
 2.1.7 sufficiency of ip . as of the effective date , the intellectual property right own by the company , together 
 with the intellectual property right license to tph pursuant to ( i ) that certain process technology development service 
 agreement , date as of november 28 , 2013 , by and between fsl and tph , and ( ii ) the process development amendment ( ( i ) 
 and ( ii ) collectively , the " amend process development agreement " ) , shall constitute all intellectual property right own 
 by fsl , afsl , fujitsu limited or their affiliate that be or will be necessary for the continued operation of the business for gan 
 wafer follow the effective date in the manner conduct as of the effective date . for the avoidance of doubt , the business 
 do not include the company ’s performance of the gan work commission and fund by fujitsu limited and its affiliate 
 - 5- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 ( include fujitsu laboratories ltd . , but exclude fsl and afsl ) to the company ( such work , the " fund work " ) . 
 2.2 representation and warranty of tph - a and tph . 
 2.2.1 tph hereby represent and warrant to afsl and fsl as of the date hereof and as of the effective date as 
 follow : 
 ( i ) organization . tph be a corporation , duly organize , validly exist and in good standing under the law 
 of the state of delaware , and have the corporate power and authority to execute , deliver and perform its obligation under this 
 agreement . 
 ( ii ) authorization; execution and delivery; enforceability . all corporate action on the part of tph 
 necessary for the authorization , execution and delivery of this agreement and for the performance of all its obligation hereunder 
 have be take . this agreement have be duly execute and deliver by tph and constitute a valid and legally bind 
 obligation of tph . 
 ( iii ) government and other consent . no consent , authorization , license , permit , registration or approval 
 of , or exemption or other action by , any governmental authority , or any other person , be require in connection with tph ’s 
 execution , delivery and performance of this agreement . 
 ( iv ) effect of agreement . tph ’s execution , delivery and performance of this agreement will not ( i ) violate 
 the certificate of incorporation or bylaw of tph , or any provision of law , ( ii ) violate any judgment , order , writ , injunction or 
 decree of any court applicable to tph , ( iii ) result in the breach of , give rise to a right of termination , cancellation or acceleration of 
 any obligation with respect to ( presently or with the giving of notice , the passage of time or both ) , or otherwise be in conflict with 
 any term of , or affect the validity or enforceability of , any agreement or other commitment to which tph be a party and which 
 would materially and adversely affect it or the company , or ( iv ) result in the creation of any lien , pledge , mortgage , claim , charge or 
 encumbrance upon any asset of tph . 
 ( v ) litigation . there be no action , suit or proceeding pende or , to tph ’s knowledge , threaten , 
 against tph before any governmental authority which question tph ’s right to enter into or perform this agreement , or which 
 question the validity of this agreement . 
 2.2.2 tph - a hereby represent and warrant to afsl and fsl as of the date of the joinder agreement and as of 
 the effective date as follow : 
 ( i ) organization . tph - a be a kabushiki kaisha , duly organize , validly exist and in good standing under 
 the law of japan , and have the corporate power and authority to execute , deliver and perform its obligation under this agreement . 
 ( ii ) authorization; execution and delivery; enforceability . all corporate action on the part of tph - a 
 necessary for the authorization , execution and delivery of the joinder agreement , and for the performance of all its obligation 
 thereunder and hereunder have be take . 
 - 6- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 the joinder agreement have be duly execute and deliver by tph - a and constitute a valid and legally bind obligation of 
 tph - a. 
 ( iii ) government and other consent . no consent , authorization , license , permit , registration or approval 
 of , or exemption or other action by , any governmental authority , or any other person , be require in connection with tph - a ’s 
 execution , delivery and performance of the joinder agreement and this agreement . 
 ( iv ) effect of agreement . tph - a ’s execution , delivery and performance of the joinder agreement and this 
 agreement , as applicable , will not ( i ) violate the article of incorporation of tph - a , or any provision of law , ( ii ) violate any 
 judgment , order , writ , injunction or decree of any court applicable to tph - a , ( iii ) result in the breach of , give rise to a right of 
 termination , cancellation or acceleration of any obligation with respect to ( presently or with the giving of notice , the passage of time 
 or both ) , or otherwise be in conflict with any term of , or affect the validity or enforceability of , any agreement or other commitment 
 to which tph - a be a party and which would materially and adversely affect it or the company , or ( iv ) result in the creation of any 
 lien , pledge , mortgage , claim , charge or encumbrance upon any asset of tph - a. 
 ( v ) litigation . there be no action , suit or proceeding pende or , to tph - a ’s knowledge , threaten , 
 against tph - a before any governmental authority which question tph - a ’s right to enter into or perform this agreement and the 
 joinder agreement , or which question the validity of this agreement and the joinder agreement . 
 article iii 
 operation of the company 
 3.1 activity . the company shall manufacture the semiconductor product for which afsl / fsl or tph - a / tph - j / tph 
 place an order to the company from time to time during the term of this agreement , use the technology make available by 
 afsl / fsl and tph - a / tph - j / tph , respectively . with the consent of the board in compliance with section 4.7 , the company 
 may manufacture semiconductor product directly for person who be not party to this agreement . 
 3.2 cash requirement of the company . all cash requirement of the company shall be satisfied from cash generate by 
 the operation of the company , from external financing ( on a non - recourse basis and without guarantee of the shareholder or 
 their affiliate ) procure by the company in its own name , from financing by the shareholder ( the burden of such financing shall 
 be allocate to a shareholder base on pro rata ownership ) and from the initial capitalization . 
 3.3 business plan . 
 3.3.1 conduct of business . the company shall conduct its business in conformity with a business plan jointly 
 prepare and agree to by the party on or prior to the effective date , as may be amend from time to time after the effective 
 date with the unanimous approval of the board ( the " business plan " ) . in case where the party have not agree on the business 
 plan as of the date hereof , then the party shall continue to discuss in good faith immediately follow the execution of this 
 agreement and agree on the business plan prior to the effective date . 
 - 7- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 3.3.2 treatment of the business plan . the party expect the company to comply with the business plan; 
 provide , however , deviation from the business plan that result in an increase or decrease of less than twenty percent ( 20 ) of 
 the original cost or revenue to the company attributable to such item as set forth in the business plan shall not require the consent 
 of the party , so long as all such deviation in any give quarter do not represent a deviation of more than ten percent ( 10 ) of 
 total revenue or total expense , as the case may be , in the aggregate for the quarter in which the deviation occur . no party shall , 
 however , have any assurance that the company will achieve the business plan , except as to the number of wafer that each of 
 fsl / afsl and tph / tph - a commit to purchase in the business plan . in the event that fsl / afsl or tph / tph - a , as 
 applicable , have fail to purchase its applicable number of wafer in accordance with the business plan , then such party shall 
 compensate the company for the shortfall in the actual revenue of the company attributable to its failure to purchase such wafer 
 versus its share of the plan revenue set forth in the business plan . as soon as it become practicable after the end of each 
 quarter , but not later than thirty ( 30 ) day thereafter , the party shall review the actual revenue of the company versus the 
 business plan base on the wafer loading by each of fsl / afsl and tph / tph - a for the previous quarter , and if there be any 
 shortfall in revenue from the business plan in such quarter , the compensation for such shortfall shall be make by a party who 
 cause such shortfall to the company within sixty ( 60 ) day after the end of the fiscal year of the company where such quarter 
 reside . for the avoidance of doubt , ( i ) if a party , its affiliate or another third party purchase such party ’s commit number of 
 wafer in the business plan , such party shall not be deem to have cause a shortfall in the revenue of the company and ( ii ) the 
 revenue attributable to a party ’s failure to purchase its number of wafer in accordance with the business plan shall equal ( a ) the 
 number of wafer not purchase , multiply by ( b ) the agree price ( as set forth in the business plan ) per wafer . 
 3.3.3 revise budget . the budget of the company shall be review quarterly and may be revise by the 
 company with the unanimous approval of the board . such revised budget shall be deem as the then - current business plan . 
 3.4 independent entity . the company shall be operate as an independent business entity , even though the party may 
 provide product , personnel and service . 
 article iv 
 management of the company 
 4.1 board . except where the approval of the shareholder be require by applicable law , the article of incorporation or 
 this agreement , the business and affair of the company shall be manage by the board . 
 4.2 composition of the board . the board shall consist of five ( 5 ) member ( each , a " director " ) , three ( 3 ) of whom shall 
 be nominate by afsl and two ( 2 ) of whom shall be nominate by tph - a , and each shareholder shall vote all of its share in 
 favor of the election of the director nominate by the other . each of afsl and tph - a shall have the right to nominate a 
 replacement for any director previously nominate by it , and each shall vote all of its share in favor of the election of such 
 replacement . a director nominate by afsl shall be a chairman of the board for all meeting . in the event that a shareholder 
 who be entitle to nominate a director seek to remove such 
 - 8- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 director by write notice to the company , all shareholder shall be obligate to vote their share in favor of such removal . 
 4.3 board observer . representative of tph and fsl may attend and participate in any meeting of the board , but shall 
 in all other respect be a nonvoting observer . 
 4.4 meetings; quorum . 
 4.4.1 regular meeting of the board shall be hold at least once per three ( 3 ) month at such place and time as set 
 forth in notice provide to the director at least ten ( 10 ) business day in advance of such meeting . special meeting of the 
 board shall be hold upon notice of not less than three ( 3 ) business day set forth an agenda or purpose for the meeting; 
 provide , however , that any director may waive compliance with such notice requirement before or after the meeting . special 
 meeting of the board may be call by at least two ( 2 ) director upon three ( 3 ) business day ' notice to the chairman , which 
 notice shall include an agenda for such meeting . 
 4.4.2 any director may propose item for the agenda of any meeting of the board whether in advance or at such 
 meeting . 
 4.4.3 a quorum shall be deem to exist for purpose of board action so long as at least a majority of the total 
 number of director then in office be present , provide that proper notice of such board meeting have be give , in accordance 
 with section 4.4.1 , to each of the director then in office . director may participate in board meeting in person or electronically 
 ( include video or audio conference ) in accordance with the japanese company act . 
 4.4.4 proceeding of board meeting shall be in japanese / english , as the case may be , and a record of each board 
 meeting shall be make in japanese and english , and send promptly to each shareholder . in the event of a conflict between the 
 english and japanese version , the japanese version shall control . 
 4.4.5 minute of the meeting of the board shall be place and duly maintain at the office of the company . 
 4.4.6 any action that may be take at a meeting of the board may be take in writing in accordance with the 
 company ’s article of incorporation . 
 4.5 personnel; representative director . one of the director to be nominate by afsl shall be the manager of the 
 company , who shall also be the representative director ( as define under the japanese company act ) . 
 4.6 statutory auditor . the company shall have one ( 1 ) statutory auditor . the statutory auditor shall be appoint by 
 afsl , subject to the approval of tph - a , which approval shall not be unreasonably withhold . 
 4.7 action require unanimous board approval . the party agree that the follow matter require the unanimous 
 approval of the director present at a properly - noticed board meeting , 
 - 9- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 and no shareholder shall convene a shareholder meeting with respect to the follow matter without the prior write consent of 
 the other shareholder : 
 4.7.1 revise the budget or business plan of the company; 
 4.7.2 make any capital contribution in excess of the capital require pursuant to the business plan; 
 4.7.3 manufacturing semiconductor product directly for person who be not party to this agreement; 
 4.7.4 selling , transferring , leasing , assign or otherwise dispose of the property or asset of the company , or 
 contracting to do so , whether in a single transaction or series of related transactions; 
 4.7.5 consummate a change of control transaction include without limitation merger , demerger , share 
 exchange , liquidate or dissolve the company , the enter into of a composition with creditor or the authorization of any filing 
 for bankruptcy by the company or the transformation of the company into another type of legal entity; 
 4.7.6 enter into any agreement to effect a change of control transaction or undertake any action which 
 effect a change of control transaction , except pursuant to the exercise of the put option or call option , call pursuant to 
 section 7.5 and 7.6 and transfer permit pursuant to section 8.1 and 8.2; 
 4.7.7 issue any share of the authorize capital of the company or the authorization or issuance of any new class 
 or series of capital of the company or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any class or series of capital of the 
 company; 
 4.7.8 recapitalize , reclassify , consolidate , subdivide or converting , or altering of any right attach to , any 
 class or series of authorize capital of the company; 
 4.7.9 enter into any joint venture , partnership or profit - share agreement with any third party; 
 4.7.10 purchasing or otherwise acquire , or agree to purchase or otherwise acquire material asset of any other 
 person or any share of capital stock of , or similar interest in , any other person , or any other asset or group of asset , in a single 
 transaction or series of related transactions; 
 4.7.11 remove any director during his / her term of office , unless such director be request to be remove by 
 the shareholder that nominate he / her; 
 4.7.12 amend or repeal any provision of the article of incorporation or other constituent document of the 
 company , include , without limitation , the changing of the business purpose of the company; 
 - 10- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 4.7.13 declare or pay any dividend or distribution; 
 4.7.14 adopt or change a significant tax or accounting practice or principle of the company or make any 
 significant tax or accounting election by the company; 
 4.7.15 make or change any election in respect of taxis , file any amendment to a tax return , enter into any 
 agreement in respect of taxis , settle , respond to , or make any filing or submission in respect of any audit , claim or 
 assessment in respect of taxis , or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or 
 assessment in respect of taxis , other than those approve by the director nominate by tph - a as immaterial or in the ordinary 
 course of the business , such approval not to be unreasonably withheld; 
 4.7.16 settle or abandon , on the part of the company or any party or affiliate of any party , any legal action 
 that be in the name of the company or that directly affect the company , which legal action ( a ) involve a claim or claim for 
 monetary damage , ( b ) involve a claim or claim by or against any governmental authority , ( c ) involve any claim raise 
 antitrust issue , or ( d ) involve a request for injunctive relief; 
 4.7.17 institute or determine the strategy of any legal action in the name of the company that ( a ) involve a 
 claim or claim for monetary damage , ( b ) involve a claim or claim by or against any governmental authority , ( c ) involve any 
 claim raise antitrust issue , or ( d ) involve a request for injunctive relief; 
 4.7.18 enter into or amend an agreement between the company and a party or its affiliate , other than ( a ) 
 as expressly contemplate by this agreement or the spa , or ( b ) such amendment that result in an increase or decrease of less 
 than 20 of the original cost or revenue to the company attributable to such agreement as set forth in the business plan , so long 
 as all such deviation in any give quarter do not represent a deviation of more than 10 of total revenue or total expense , as the 
 case may be , in the aggregate for the quarter in which the deviation occurs; 
 4.7.19 incorporate , liquidating , acquire or transfer any legal entities; 
 4.7.20 carry on any business other than the business and the business currently conduct by the company 
 as of the effective date; 
 4.7.21 creating , incur , assume or permit to exist any indebtedness , except to the extent consistent with the 
 then - current business plan; 
 4.7.22 create , incur , assume or permit to exist , directly or indirectly , any lien or other encumbrance upon 
 any property , now own or hereafter acquire , other than incidental lien or lien to secure indebtedness authorize pursuant to 
 section 4.7.21; 
 4.7.23 make any loan or advance or the giving of any credit by the company ( other than normal trade credit ) to 
 any person or the giving of any guarantee or indemnity to secure the liability or obligation of any person or the creation of any 
 mortgage , claim , charge , lien , security interest , easement , right of way , pledge or other encumbrance over the whole or any part of 
 the property or asset of the company; 
 - 11- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 4.7.24 enter into any contract , agreement , commitment , transaction or series of transaction require the 
 expenditure by the company , or the making of any investment , which would exceed thirty million japanese yen ( ¥ 30,000,000 ) in 
 the aggregate , except for operational expenditure approve in the business plan; 
 4.7.25 make any material change in ( a ) the role and responsibility of certain company employee specify as 
 " key employee " in the appendix 1 attach hereto or ( b ) the company ’s organization; 
 4.7.26 adopt , materially amend or terminate any employee plan , enter into any change in control , 
 severance or similar agreement or any retention or similar agreement with any officer , employee , director or consultant of the 
 company ( include seconded employee ) , or hire or make an offer to hire any new employee; 
 4.7.27 increase or make any other change that would result in increase cost to the company to the salary , 
 wage rate , incentive compensation opportunity , employment status , title of other compensation payable or to be become payable 
 to any current or former employee , officer , director , or consultant of the company ( include seconded employees); 
 4.7.28 enter into , amend or terminate any collective bargaining agreement , labor union contract , work 
 council agreement or other contract with any labor organization or union; 
 4.7.29 use any company asset for ( a ) the storage , manufacture , processing or disposal of any harmful 
 material , except for the storage of the designate nuclear waste to the extent and in the manner set forth in article 3.18 of the 
 spa , or ( b ) the processing or disposal of industrial waste; or 
 4.7.30 increase or decrease the size of the board . 
 notwithstanding the above , at the request of tph or tph - a , the board shall , without follow the procedure set forth in 
 this subsection , approve and direct management to make operational change to portion of the company that ( i ) be specific 
 solely to gan operation or gan equipment and ( ii ) do not have a material and adverse effect on the company ’s profit and loss . 
 4.8 agreement regard board . each shareholder shall take all action necessary to cause the director nominate by it 
 to abide by and implement all of the provision of this agreement . 
 4.9 procedure in the event of failure to agree . in the event that the board have be unable to resolve any matter set forth 
 in section 4.7 within thirty ( 30 ) business day after such matter be refer to the board , then any party may bring the matter to 
 the attention of the chief executive officer of fsl and the chief executive officer of tph ( the " designated individual " ) for a 
 decision , which joint decision of the designate individual shall be final and bind on the company , and the party shall direct 
 the director nominate by they to exercise their voting right and take all other necessary step to ensure that such resolution be 
 fully and promptly carry into effect . should no solution be agree upon within sixty ( 60 ) day after submission of the matter to the 
 designate individual , then any party may refer the matter for resolution in accordance with the dispute resolution procedure set 
 forth in section 11.15 . 
 - 12- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 article v 
 covenant 
 5.1 capital account . the capital account of each shareholder shall be update in proportion to such shareholder ’s pro 
 rata ownership . 
 5.2 provision of support service . 
 5.2.1 afsl shall provide support service agree upon by afsl / fsl and the company to the company , with 
 adequate consideration to fsl / afsl and/or fsl’s / afsl ’s designee , the detailed term and condition of which service shall be 
 the same as already have be provide in the applicable agreement(s ) by and between afsl / fsl and the company ( if any ) or 
 shall be discuss and determine by the party . 
 5.2.2 tph and tph - a shall cause the company to provide support service agree upon by afsl / fsl and the 
 company to fsl / afsl and/or fsl’s / afsl ’s designee , with adequate consideration to the company , the detailed term and 
 condition of which service shall be the same as already have be provide in the applicable agreement(s ) by and between 
 afsl / fsl and the company ( if any ) or shall be discuss and determine by the party . 
 5.3 gan equipment . during the term of this agreement , tph - a / tph shall be responsible for the cost and expense 
 agree by the party to maintain and/or procure the equipment for wafer processing specify in the appendix 2 attach hereto 
 and as amend from time to time upon the mutual agreement of the party ( the " gan equipment " ) . at tph ’s sole option , tph 
 or tph - a may purchase the gan equipment by completion of payment of the purchase price or depreciation cost for such 
 equipment as set forth in appendix 2 . in such case : ( i ) tph - a or tph , as the case may be , shall acquire sole and exclusive title to 
 the gan equipment , free and clear of all encumbrance , and none of fsl , afsl or the company shall have any right , title or 
 interest in such gan equipment , ( ii ) such gan equipment shall be clearly label as the property of tph - a or tph , as the case 
 may be , and ( iii ) fsl and afsl shall cause to be assign to tph - a or tph , as the case may be , all license and warranty for 
 such gan equipment and the software or firmware require to operate such gan equipment that be attach to , instal on , or 
 embody in such gan equipment as of the effective date . during the term if this agreement , the gan equipment shall be use 
 exclusively in gan wafer processing , and shall not be use in the silicon wafer processing for afsl ’s or fsl ’s current product . 
 in the event that the company need to use the gan equipment to provide product or service to any customer other than tph- 
 a or tph or their affiliate prior to the put closing date or the call closing date , the company shall reimburse tph - a or tph 
 for the use of such equipment in the manner to be discuss in good faith and agree upon by the party , which reimbursement 
 may be offset against amount otherwise owe from tph - a or tph , as the case may be , to the company . 
 5.4 ancillary agreement . prior to the effective date , the party shall take any action necessary to cause the wafer 
 supply agreement , the afsw secondment agreement , tph - j secondment agreement , the joinder agreement and the process 
 development amendment to go into effect as of the effective date . 
 - 13- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 5.5 other exist agreement . the party shall ensure that the follow agreement stay in full force and effect without 
 modification during the term of this agreement unless they be terminate or modify pursuant to the term and condition 
 thereunder : 
 5.5.1 the intellectual property license agreement , date november 28 , 2013 , by and between tph and fujitsu 
 limited; 
 5.5.2 the secondment agreement , date as of january 31 , 2014 , by and between fujitsu limited and tph - j; and 
 5.5.3 the fujitsu intercompany license agreement and fujitsu intercompany service agreement . 
 5.6 ownership of ip . the party agree that the ownership of intellectual property right in technology develop by or 
 for the company pursuant to an ancillary agreement shall be govern by such ancillary agreement . 
 5.7 sufficiency of ip . fsl and afsl represent and warrant that , as of the put closing date or the call closing date , the 
 intellectual property right own by the company , together with the intellectual property right license to tph pursuant to the 
 amend process development agreement shall constitute all intellectual property right own by fsl , afsl , fujitsu limited 
 or their affiliate that be or will be necessary for the continued operation of the business for gan wafer follow the put 
 closing date or call closing date in the manner conduct as of the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable . for the 
 avoidance of doubt , the business do not include the company ’s performance of the fund work . 
 5.8 cooperation . the party shall cooperate reasonably with each other to obtain and maintain all necessary approval 
 and registration to effect this agreement and all related agreement and documents; provide , however , that the party shall not 
 be require to change any provision of this agreement to obtain or maintain any such approval or registration . 
 5.9 delivery of financial statements; inspection right . the party shall cause the company to deliver to each party , at 
 the company ’s expense , ( i ) annual audit and quarterly and monthly unaudited financial statement prepare in accordance with 
 japanese gaap consistently apply , include any independent auditor ’s report or opinion thereon , if any , and ( ii ) any information 
 necessary to enable a party to prepare consolidated financial statement , in each case within sixty ( 60 ) day after the end of each 
 fiscal year of the company and within thirty ( 30 ) day after the end of each quarterly accounting period of the company and 
 calendar month . each party will indemnify the company and hold it harmless for , from and against any claim , demand , cost or 
 expense arise out of or relate to such consolidated financial statement , provide that such indemnity shall not apply to claim , 
 demand , cost or expense to the extent they be relate to the company ’s financial statement provide to such party . in 
 addition to any inspection right grant under law , upon notice to the company of at least twenty - four ( 24 ) hour , each party 
 shall have full access to all property , book of account , and record of the company . 
 - 14- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 5.10 tph ’s stockholder approval . tph shall obtain approval of the acquisition of the option share ( as define in the 
 spa ) from the requisite stockholder of tph in accordance with delaware law and tph ’s certificate of incorporation and 
 bylaw , which approval shall have be obtain prior to the effective date , to the extent such an approval be permissible under 
 delaware law . 
 article vi 
 right and obligation of fsl , tph and tph - a 
 6.1 fsl . fsl , as a one hundred percent ( 100 ) shareholder of afsl , shall cause afsl to perform all obligation of 
 afsl hereunder . 
 6.2 tph . until tph - a be incorporate and make a party hereto , tph shall assume all obligation of tph - a hereunder . 
 after tph - a be incorporate and make a party hereto , tph , as a one hundred percent ( 100 ) shareholder of tph - a , shall 
 cause tph - a to perform all obligation of tph - a hereunder . 
 6.3 tph - a. tph shall cause tph - a to execute and deliver a joinder agreement to the party substantially in the form 
 attach hereto as exhibit a ( the " joinder agreement " ) , and tph - a shall agree to be bind by the term and condition of this 
 agreement and the spa to be perform and comply with by tph - a by execute and deliver the joinder agreement . 
 article vii 
 term and termination 
 7.1 termination prior to the effective date . this agreement may be terminate prior to the effective date , and the joint 
 venture and the other transaction contemplate by this agreement may be abandon at any time prior to the effective date ( by 
 write notification with respect to section 7.1.2 to 7.1.5 below ) , notwithstanding any requisite approval of this agreement and 
 the transaction contemplate by this agreement , as follow : 
 7.1.1 by mutual write consent duly execute by fsl and afsl on the one hand , and tph - a and tph on the 
 other hand; 
 7.1.2 by either fsl or afsl on the one hand , and tph - a or tph on the other hand , if the effective date shall 
 not have occur on or before september 30 , 2017 ( the " long stop date " ) , provide , however , that the right to terminate this 
 agreement under this section 7.1.2 shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this agreement 
 have be the cause of , or result in , the failure of the effective date to occur on or before the long stop date; provide , 
 however , in the event that any require waiting period ( and any extension thereof ) under the applicable law relate to the 
 transaction contemplate hereby shall not have expire or terminate early before the long stop date , the long stop date shall 
 be extend until december 31 , 2017; 
 7.1.3 by either fsl or afsl on the one hand , and tph - a or tph on the other hand , upon the issuance of any 
 order which be final and nonappealable which would ( i ) prevent the consummation of the sale of the share under the spa , ( ii ) 
 prohibit tph or tph - a ’s ownership or operation of any portion of the business of the company , or ( iii ) compel fsl , afsl or 
 the company 
 - 15- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 on the one hand , and tph - a or tph on the other hand , to dispose of or hold separate , as a result of the joint venture , any 
 portion of the business or asset of the company; 
 7.1.4 by fsl or afsl upon a breach of any representation , warranty , covenant or agreement on the part of tph 
 or tph - a set forth in this agreement or the spa , or if any representation or warranty of tph or tph - a in this agreement or the 
 spa shall have become untrue , in either case such that the condition set forth in article 7.2 of the spa would not be satisfy 
 ( " terminate tph breach”); provide , however , that , if such terminate tph breach be curable by tph or tph - a through 
 the exercise of such party ’s reasonable good effort and for so long as such party continue to exercise such reasonable good 
 effort , fsl or afsl may not terminate this agreement under this section 7.1.4 unless such breach be not cure within thirty ( 30 ) 
 day after write notice thereof be provide by fsl or afsl to tph and tph - a pursuant to section 11.7 ( but no cure period be 
 require for a breach which , by its nature , can not be cured); or 
 7.1.5 by tph or tph - a upon a breach of any representation , warranty , covenant or agreement on the part of 
 fsl or afsl set forth in this agreement or the spa , or if any representation or warranty of fsl or afsl in this agreement or 
 the spa shall have become untrue , in either case such that the condition set forth in article 7.1 of the spa would not be satisfy 
 ( " terminate fsl breach”); provide , however , that , if such terminate fsl breach be curable by fsl or afsl through the 
 exercise of such party ’s reasonable good effort and for so long as such party continue to exercise such reasonable good effort , 
 tph or tph - a may not terminate this agreement under this section 7.1.5 unless such breach be not cure within thirty ( 30 ) day 
 after write notice thereof be provide by tph or tph - a to fsl and afsl pursuant to section 11.7 ( but no cure period be 
 require for a breach which , by its nature , can not be cure ) . 
 7.2 effect of termination prior to the effective date . in the event of termination of this agreement pursuant to section 7.1 , 
 this agreement shall forthwith become void and of no further force and effect , there shall be no liability under this agreement on 
 the part of any party or any of their respective officer or director , and all right and obligation of each party hereto shall cease; 
 provide , however , that ( i ) section 11.4 and section 11.6 shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination of this 
 agreement and ( ii ) nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability for the willful breach of any of its representation or 
 warranty or the breach of any of its covenant or agreement set forth in this agreement . 
 7.3 termination after the effective date . 
 7.3.1 after the effective date , this agreement may be terminate on the date that the first of the follow shall 
 occur : 
 ( i ) by mutual write consent duly execute by fsl and afsl on the one hand , and tph - a and tph on 
 the other hand; 
 ( ii ) by fsl / afsl or tph / tph - a , if there be only one ( 1 ) shareholder , whatsoever the reason , in the 
 company; 
 - 16- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 ( iii ) if the put option or call option be exercise , one ( 1 ) business day after the put closing date or call 
 closing date , as applicable; 
 ( iv ) by tph / tph - a , if fsl / afsl have not exercise the put option within one hundred eighty ( 180 ) day 
 of the option start date; or 
 ( v ) by fsl / afsl and tph / tph - a , if there be a change in the control of the other and the 
 acquire / succeed entity cause such change in the control be an entity that may be reasonably believe to be objectionable to 
 the japanese government and/or fsl include fsl ’s affiliate in case of the termination by fsl / afsl or the us government 
 and/or tph in case of the termination by tph / tph - a , termination to be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) day ' notice of termination . by 
 way of example only , an entity that deal in weapon or weapon system directly or indirectly may be deem as such 
 objectionable entity . 
 7.3.2 in the event that any one of the follow event apply to a party , the other party(ie ) shall have the right to 
 terminate this agreement at any time : 
 ( i ) it have breach any provision of this agreement and , after having receive a write notice to cure the 
 breach from the other party(ie ) , have fail to cure such breach within thirty ( 30 ) day after the receipt of such notice; 
 ( ii ) it have be subject to attachment , provisional disposition or have be subject to a procedure for the 
 collection of a tax delinquency; or 
 ( iii ) a petition for the commencement of any bankruptcy , civil rehabilitation , or corporation liquidation 
 procedure have occur . 
 7.4 dissolution and winding - up . in case where this agreement be terminate pursuant to section 7.3 ( except for the case 
 of section 7.3.1(ii ) and ( iii ) , and the case where a shareholder have exercise the right as specify in section 7.4 or 7.5 ) , the 
 company shall be dissolve and wound up unless otherwise agree by the party . in the absence of mutual agreement of the 
 party to dissolve and wind up the company on such term and condition as they shall determine , the business and affair of the 
 company shall be dissolve and wound up in accordance with the law then in effect . 
 7.5 shareholder call upon breach . 
 7.5.1 call by afsl . if , after the effective date , tph or tph - a shall have materially breach any of its 
 representation or warranty contain in this agreement or shall have fail to comply in any material respect with any of the 
 other covenant or agreement contain in this agreement , which breach or failure shall not have be remedie within thirty ( 30 ) 
 day after write notice thereof ( the " default notice " ) have be give by afsl to tph / tph - a , then afsl shall have the 
 option of purchase from tph - a , and tph - a shall be obligate to sell , all of the share then own by tph - a at a purchase 
 price per share equal to the less of : ( i ) the net book value as of the most recent month end ( provide that , if the net book 
 value be a negative amount , the product of the net book value multiply by such sale share shall be deem to be one japanese 
 yen ( ¥ 1 ) ) , or ( ii ) the share purchase price , divide by the number of sale share . afsl shall provide write notice of its 
 election ( the " election notice " ) to purchase the share own by tph - a within ten ( 10 ) business day follow the expiration 
 of the thirty ( 30 ) day cure period set forth in the default notice . the closing of the purchase of the share own by tph - a 
 - 17- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 shall take place within thirty ( 30 ) business day follow the date of the election notice , or at such other time as the party may 
 mutually agree . at such closing , afsl shall deliver to tph - a , by wire transfer , the full amount of the purchase price in japanese 
 yen for such share as provide in this section 7.5.1 against delivery by tph - a of the following : ( a ) a sale agreement in form 
 reasonably satisfactory to afsl contain among other thing , a representation and warranty of tph - a that it be , and afsl shall 
 be , the beneficial owner of such share , with good title thereto , free and clear of all lien and other encumbrances; ( b ) 
 documentary evidence reasonably satisfactory to afsl of the transfer to it of all of tph - a ’s share and ( c ) resignation of all 
 director , if any , on the board appoint by tph - a. notwithstanding the remedy provide in this section 7.5.1 , afsl / fsl 
 shall be entitle to all other remedy against tph / tph - a available at law or equity or under this agreement . 
 7.5.2 call by tph - a. if , after the effective date , fsl or afsl shall have materially breach any of its 
 representation or warranty contain in this agreement or shall have fail to comply in any material respect with any of the 
 other covenant or agreement contain in this agreement , which breach or failure shall not have be remedie within thirty ( 30 ) 
 day after the default notice have be give by tph - a to fsl / afsl , then tph - a shall have the option of purchase from 
 afsl , and afsl shall be obligate to sell , all of the share then own by afsl at a purchase price per share equal to the 
 lesser of : ( i ) the net book value as of the most recent month end ( provide that , if the net book value be a negative amount , the 
 product of the net book value multiply by such sale share shall be deem to be one japanese yen ( ¥ 1 ) ) , or ( ii ) the share 
 purchase price , divide by the number of sale share . tph - a shall provide the election notice to purchase the share own by 
 afsl within ten ( 10 ) business day follow the expiration of the thirty ( 30 ) day cure period set forth in the default notice . the 
 closing of the purchase of the share own by afsl shall take place within thirty ( 30 ) business day follow the date of the 
 election notice , or at such other time as the party may mutually agree . at such closing , tph - a shall deliver to afsl , by wire 
 transfer , the full amount of the purchase price in japanese yen for such share as provide in this section 7.5.2 against delivery by 
 afsl of the following : ( a ) a sale agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to tph - a contain among other thing , a 
 representation and warranty of afsl that it be , and tph - a shall be , the beneficial owner of such share , with good title thereto , 
 free and clear of all lien and other encumbrances; ( b ) documentary evidence reasonably satisfactory to tph - a of the transfer to it 
 of all of afsl ’s share and ( c ) resignation of all director , if any , on the board appoint by afsl . notwithstanding the 
 remedy provide in this section 7.5.2 , tph / tph - a shall be entitle to all other remedy against fsl / afsl available at law or 
 equity or under this agreement . 
 7.6 shareholder call upon bankruptcy after the effective date . 
 7.6.1 call by afsl . after the effective date , in the event of ( a ) any distress , execution , sequestration or other 
 process be levy or enforce upon tph or tph - a; ( b ) the adjudication of tph or tph - a as a bankrupt or insolvent subject 
 to any insolvency or bankruptcy law; ( c ) the making by the tph or tph - a of an assignment for the benefit of creditors; ( d ) the 
 suspension of payment or a moratorium on payment to creditors; or ( e ) the appointment of a receiver or judicial manager or 
 trustee for the business or property of tph or tph - a , then afsl shall have the right to purchase the share of tph - a in the 
 same manner and subject to the same term and condition as specify in section 7.5.1 . 
 - 18- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 7.6.2 call by tph - a. after the effective date , in the event of ( a ) any distress , execution , sequestration or other 
 process be levy or enforce upon fsl or afsl; ( b ) the adjudication of fsl or afsl as a bankrupt or insolvent subject to 
 any insolvency or bankruptcy law; ( c ) the making by the fsl or afsl of an assignment for the benefit of creditors; ( d ) the 
 suspension of payment or a moratorium on payment to creditors; or ( e ) the appointment of a receiver or judicial manager or 
 trustee for the business or property of fsl or afsl , then tph - a shall have the right to purchase the share of afsl in the 
 same manner and subject to the same term and condition as specify in section 7.5.2 . 
 7.7 survival of provision after the effective date . section 11.4 , 11.6 , 11.7 , 11.14 and 11.15 shall specifically survive the 
 termination of this agreement after the effective date . in case where this agreement be terminate pursuant to section 7.3.1(ii ) and 
 ( iii ) , section 9.4 , article x , and section 11.5 shall also specifically survive the termination of this agreement after the effective 
 date . 
 7.8 cooperation . during the term of the joint venture , each party shall cooperate with the other and shall take all action 
 necessary in order to consummate any sale and purchase of share , or dissolution and wind up of the company . 
 article viii 
 transfer restriction 
 8.1 restriction on transfer . except as set forth in this article viii , prior to the option start date , without the prior 
 write consent of the other shareholder , no shareholder may sell , assign , transfer , pledge , encumber or otherwise dispose of , by 
 operation of law or otherwise , any of its share , or right in or associate with such share , and any purport sale , assignment , 
 transfer , pledge , encumbrance or disposition by a shareholder of its share in violation of this article viii shall be invalid and of no 
 force and effect . 
 8.2 permissible transfer . afsl shall be entitle at any time to transfer all but not a portion of the share register in its 
 name to fsl or any other entity control by fsl , and tph - a shall be entitle at any time to transfer all but not a portion of the 
 share register in its name to tph or any other entity control by tph; provide that fsl ( or such other entity control by 
 fsl ) and tph ( or such other entity control by tph ) , as applicable , shall assume the obligation of afsl and tph - a , as 
 applicable , hereunder , as set forth in article vi . 
 article ix 
 put option and call option 
 9.1 afsl ’s right to require the purchase of the share by tph or tph - a. 
 9.1.1 as long as afsl and fsl be not in material and continue breach of this agreement or the ancillary 
 agreement , fsl or afsl may trigger the option to sell the put share to tph - a or its designee ( the " put option " ) by provide 
 a write notice of the exercise of the put option ( the " put exercise notice " ) simultaneously to the company , tph and tph - a , 
 which notice state ( i ) such party ’s bona fide intention to exercise the put option , and ( ii ) the date on which such party intend that 
 the put closing date occur . 
 - 19- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 9.1.2 fsl or afsl may not exercise the put option for less than one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the share hold 
 by both fsl and afsl or any affiliate of fsl or afsl , as the case may be . 
 9.1.3 fsl and afsl may not exercise the put option prior to the option start date nor more than one 
 hundred eighty ( 180 ) day after the option start date . 
 9.1.4 the purchase price for the put share ( the " put option price " ) shall be the great of ( x ) the amount in 
 japanese yen equal to the net book value as of the most recently complete month end prior to the put closing date , minus the 
 net book value as of the most recently complete month end prior to the effective date , multiply by the number of put share , 
 or ( y ) one japanese yen ( ¥ 1 ) . 
 9.1.5 upon fsl ’s or afsl ’s exercise of the put option , tph - a shall be oblige to purchase or cause tph - a ’s 
 designee to purchase , and tph shall be oblige to cause tph - a or tph - a ’s designee to purchase , the put share in 
 accordance with this section 9.1 . for the avoidance of doubt , the put option be the right of afsl / fsl , and afsl / fsl be not 
 oblige to exercise the put option . 
 9.1.6 completion of the sale and purchase of the put share pursuant to the exercise of the put option by 
 afsl / fsl shall take place on the date specify in the put exercise notice ( which shall be a date after at least sixty ( 60 ) day 
 from the date of the put exercise notice ) ( the " put closing date " ) and on which date : 
 ( i ) tph - a shall , or shall cause its designee to , and tph shall cause tph - a or tph - a ’s designee to , pay 
 to afsl the put option price for the put share by way of a bank transfer to the bank account as separately designate by 
 afsl; and 
 ( ii ) in exchange for which , afsl shall deliver to tph - a or its designee duly execute a letter of request 
 to enter in the shareholder register of the company the information that be require to be register with regard to the put shares; 
 and 
 9.1.7 afsl and tph - a shall cause the board to approve the share transfer of the put share on or prior to the 
 put closing date . 
 9.2 tph - a ’s right to require the purchase of the share from fsl or afsl . 
 9.2.1 as long as tph - a and tph be not in material and continue breach of this agreement or the ancillary 
 agreement , tph - a or tph may trigger the option to purchase the call share ( the " call option " ) by provide a write notice 
 of the exercise of the call option ( the " call exercise notice " ) simultaneously to the company , fsl and afsl , which notice 
 state ( i ) such party ’s bona fide intention to exercise the call option , and ( ii ) the date on which such party intend that the call 
 closing date occur . 
 - 20- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 9.2.2 tph or tph - a may not exercise the call option for less than one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the share 
 hold by both fsl and afsl or any affiliate of fsl or afsl , as the case may be . 
 9.2.3 tph - a and tph may not exercise the call option prior to the option start date nor more than one 
 hundred eighty ( 180 ) day after the option start date . 
 9.2.4 the purchase price for the call share ( the " call option price " ) shall be the great of ( x ) the amount in 
 japanese yen equal to the net book value as of the most recently complete month end prior to the call closing date , minus the 
 net book value as of the most recently complete month end prior to the effective date , multiply by the number of call share , 
 or ( y ) one japanese yen ( ¥ 1 ) . 
 9.2.5 upon tph - a ’s or tph ’s exercise of the call option , afsl / fsl shall be oblige to sell , or cause the holder 
 of the call share to sell , the call share to tph - a or its designee in accordance with this section 9.2 . for the avoidance of 
 doubt , the call option be the right of tph - a and tph - a be not oblige to exercise the call option . 
 9.2.6 completion of the sale and purchase of the call share pursuant to the exercise of the call option by tph- 
 a / tph shall take place on the date specify in the call exercise notice ( which shall be a date after at least sixty ( 60 ) day from 
 the date of the call exercise notice ) ( the " call closing date " ) and on which date : 
 ( i ) tph - a shall , or shall cause its designee to , and tph shall cause tph - a or tph - a ’s designee to , pay 
 to afsl the call option price for the call share by way of a bank transfer to the bank account as separately designate by 
 afsl; and 
 ( ii ) in exchange for which , afsl shall deliver to tph - a or its designee duly execute a letter of request 
 to enter in the shareholder register of the company the information that be require to be register with regard to the call share . 
 9.2.7 afsl and tph - a shall cause the board to approve the share transfer of the call share on or prior to the 
 call closing date . 
 9.3 condition to put option or call option closing . each party ’s obligation to complete the put option or call option at 
 the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable , be subject to the fulfillment on or before such put closing date or call 
 closing date of each of the following condition , unless waive in writing ( where permissible ) by the applicable party in such 
 closing : 
 9.3.1 tph ’s stockholder approval . the acquisition of the option share ( as define in the spa ) , shall have be 
 approve and adopt by the requisite stockholder of tph in accordance with delaware law and tph ’s certificate of 
 incorporation and bylaw , which approval shall have be obtain prior to the effective date , to the extent permissible under 
 delaware law . 
 9.3.2 no order . no governmental authority or court of competent jurisdiction locate or have jurisdiction over 
 any of the party in the united states shall have enact , issue , promulgate , enforce or enter any statute , rule , regulation , 
 decree , judgment , injunction or other 
 - 21- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 order , whether temporary , preliminary or permanent ( each an " order " ) which be then in effect and have the effect of make the 
 closing of the put option or call option , as applicable , illegal or otherwise prohibit consummation of the put option or call 
 option . 
 9.3.3 governmental approval . all require authorization , permit , consent , order , action or approval of , or 
 declaration or filing with , or expiration or termination of waiting period impose by , any governmental authority in the united 
 state , whether federal , state or local , that may be require , as well as any governmental authority in any other jurisdiction which 
 the party mutually agree in good faith be require to be obtain , in each case , to consummate the put option or call option , 
 shall have be file , occur or be obtain , include that any require waiting period ( and any extension thereof ) under the 
 hart - scott - rodino act relate to the transaction contemplate by the put option or call option shall have expire or be 
 terminate early . 
 9.3.4 no other litigation . there shall not be pende any legal proceeding against or on behalf of any party 
 prevent or prohibit or seek to prevent or prohibit the closing of the put option or the call option , as applicable . 
 9.4 other obligation . 
 9.4.1 after the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable , the party shall use their good effort to 
 obtain and maintain all necessary approval and registration to effect this agreement and all related agreement and documents; 
 provide , however , that the party shall not be require to change any provision of this agreement or the spa , and no party shall 
 be require to divest any material business unless contemplate by this agreement or the spa . 
 9.4.2 for two ( 2 ) year after the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable , tph shall make , and cause 
 tph - a to make , every good effort to maintain the employee of the company . 
 9.4.3 the director appoint by fsl or afsl shall take whatever step as be necessary to resign effective as of 
 the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable . immediately after the put closing date or call closing date , as 
 applicable , tph - a , tph and the company shall be prohibit from use the logo , trademark , corporate name and other 
 indication utilize or show the name of afsl or its affiliate ( the " fujitsu logo " ) , and shall exclude the fujitsu logo from 
 any material of the company . tph / tph - a shall change the corporate name of the company . 
 article x 
 treatment of employee 
 10.1 new term and condition for employment . the term and condition of employment of any person employ by 
 the company after the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable , shall be on term and condition satisfactory to the 
 company , tph and tph - a. 
 10.2 representation and warranty regard employment . fsl and afsl represent and warrant to tph and tph - a , 
 as of the date hereof and as of the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable , that : 
 - 22- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 10.2.1 fsl , afsl and the company do not have any pension liability in respect of the company ’s employee or 
 the company ’s pension plans; 
 10.2.2 there be no material labor dispute between fsl , afsl or the company , on the one hand , and the 
 company ’s employee , on the other hand or legal proceeding against fsl , afsl or the company relate to the company ’s 
 employees; and 
 10.2.3 in the event of any liability to the company ’s employee to the extent relate to their employment by the 
 company , afsl , fsl or afsl / fsl ’s affiliate prior to the put closing date or call closing date , as applicable , afsl and fsl 
 agree that such liability shall be bear solely by afsl / fsl and not the company or tph - a / tph . 
 article xi 
 miscellaneous 
 11.1 no partnership . none of the provision of this agreement shall be deem to constitute a partnership between or 
 among the party and they shall have no authority to bind one another or the company in any way . 
 11.2 limitation on party ’ authority . none of the party shall have or hold itself out as have , any right , authority or 
 agency to act on behalf of any other party or the company in any capacity or in any manner except as specifically authorize in this 
 agreement , and none of the party shall become liable to any other party or to any other person by reason of any 
 representation , action or omission of any other party contrary to this provision . without limit the generality of the foregoing , in 
 no event shall any party have any liability or obligation for any debt , liability or contractual obligation of any other party to any 
 other person and each party agree to indemnify and hold harmless any other party as to such debt , liability and contractual 
 obligation . 
 11.3 indemnification . 
 11.3.1 each party agree to indemnify , defend and hold harmless the company and any other party , its permit 
 successor and assign , from and against any and all loss , liability , claim , damage , cost and expense include reasonable 
 legal fee and disbursement in connection therewith ( collectively , " claim " ) assert against or incur by the company or such 
 other party which arise out of , result from , or may be payable by virtue of , any breach of any representation , warranty , covenant or 
 agreement make or obligation require to be perform by the indemnify party pursuant to this agreement . notwithstanding the 
 foregoing , claim relate to the purchase of the share under the spa shall be govern by the indemnification provision set forth 
 in the spa . 
 11.3.2 in the case of a third party claim which be subject to indemnification under this section 11.3 , the 
 indemnify party shall be notify promptly in writing of the existence of any such claim institute at any time against or make 
 upon the indemnified party or the company by any third party , and shall be give the opportunity to defend the same with counsel 
 of its choice , in which defense the indemnified party or the company , as the case may be , shall cooperate . if the indemnifying 
 party , after notification , fail promptly to undertake such defense , then the indemnified party , or the company , as the case may be , 
 may undertake the defense with counsel of its choice , in which case the indemnify party shall bear the cost of such defense , 
 include reasonable legal 
 - 23- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 fee and disbursement in connection therewith , and shall pay the amount of any judgment or settlement . 
 11.4 confidentiality . 
 11.4.1 all information , whether write or oral , relate to the company , the party or their affiliate , or their 
 respective business or operation , which include but be not limit to information obtain as a proprietary right ( " confidential 
 information " ) , disclose by any party ( the " disclose party " ) to any other party ( or its director , officer , employee or 
 representative ) shall be keep strictly secret and confidential and shall not be disclose to any person except to the extent that any 
 such disclosure be necessary in connection with the performance of this agreement , and except to the extent that ( i ) such 
 information be know to such other party when receive or be or subsequently becomes lawfully obtain from other sources; ( ii ) 
 the duty as to confidentiality and non - use be waive in writing by the disclosing party; or ( iii ) disclosure of such information be 
 require by applicable law or be validly order by a governmental authority . the party far agree that they shall not use , 
 nor permit their respective affiliate to use , any confidential information for any purpose whatsoever except in the manner 
 expressly provide or contemplate in this agreement . notwithstanding the foregoing , the treatment of any confidential 
 information disclose pursuant to the amend process development agreement shall be govern solely by the amend 
 process development agreement . 
 11.4.2 each of the party agree to take , and to cause its respective affiliate and the company to take , 
 reasonably adequate security and precautionary measure to effect compliance with this section 11.4 by director , officer , 
 employee and agent of each of the party , their respective affiliate and the company who be give access to confidential 
 information . 
 11.4.3 each of the party hereby acknowledge that the disclosing party would be irreparably harm by a 
 breach of this section 11.4 and it would not be possible to estimate damage result from such a breach . the party agree that 
 the disclosing party shall be entitle to injunctive relief to prevent a breach or continued breach of this section 11.4 , or any part of 
 it , and to secure the enforcement of this section 11.4 and shall be entitle to recover from the other party reasonable legal fee 
 and all cost and expense incur in connection with such an action 
 11.5 access to company information after the put closing date or the call closing date . in case it be necessary for 
 afsl / fsl to access to any material or information of the company prepare or otherwise make on or before the put closing 
 date or the call closing date due to requirement by any governmental authority or any third party on or after the put closing 
 date or the call closing date , then , tph / tph - a shall fully cooperate , and shall cause the company to fully cooperate , with 
 afsl / fsl so that afsl / fsl can access such material or information . 
 11.6 expense . except as otherwise expressly provide herein , each party shall pay their own expense incur in 
 connection with the execution of this agreement and their respective performance of the obligation provide for herein , include 
 the expense incur by director nominate by the respective shareholder in connection with attendance at meeting of the 
 board . 
 - 24- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 11.7 notice . all notice , waiver and other communication require or permit hereunder shall be in writing and shall be 
 deem to have be duly give when deliver by hand or one ( 1 ) day after be send by e - mail ( with reasonable evidence of 
 transmission ) and follow by register mail or an internationally recognize overnight courier service if those to be notify , 
 include shareholder , director and auditor , reside outside japan , address to the party to whom the notice be intend to be 
 give at the address specify below : 
 ( a ) if to afsl : 
 no.4 kogyo danchi , monden - machi , aizu wakamatsu , fukushima , 
 japan 
 aizu fujitsu semiconductor limited 
 attn : president and representative director 
 ( b ) if to fsl : 
 shin - yokohama chuo building , 2 - 100 - 45 , shin - yokohama , 
 kohoku - ku , yokohama , kanagawa , japan 
 fujitsu semiconductor limited 
 attn : head of corporate management unit 
 ( c ) if to tph : 
 75 castilian drive 
 goleta , can 93117 , u.s.a . 
 transphorm , inc . 
 attn : chief executive officer 
 with a copy , which shall not constitute notice , to each of : 
 wilson sonsini goodrich & rosati , p.c . 
 650 page mill road 
 palo alto , can 94304 - 1050 , u.s.a . 
 attn : mark bertelsen and julia reigel 
 and 
 mori hamada & matsumoto 
 marunouchi park building , 
 2 - 6 - 1 marunouchi , chiyoda - ku , 
 tokyo 100 - 8222 , japan 
 attn : masujima masakazu 
 or to such other address or address as any such party may from time to time designate by write notice . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , the party acknowledge and agree that notice hereunder may be provide by e - mail , but such 
 notice shall not be deem effective unless and until the party to whom such notice be deliver confirm , in writing , receipt of 
 such notice . 
 - 25- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 11.8 successor and assign . this agreement shall be bind upon and inure to the benefit of the party and their 
 permit successor and assign . notwithstanding the foregoing , no right , obligation or liability hereunder shall be assignable 
 by a party without prior write consent of all of the other parties; provide , however , that a party shall not unreasonably withhold 
 its consent to the assignment of right and obligation by the other party to its affiliate if that affiliate ’s performance have be 
 guarantee satisfactorily in form and substance by the assign party . 
 11.9 waiver . no action take pursuant to this agreement shall be deem to constitute a waiver of compliance with any 
 representation , warranty , covenant or agreement contain in this agreement and shall not operate or be construe as a waiver of 
 a similar or dissimilar nature . a party may by write notice ( a ) extend the time for performance of any of the obligation or other 
 action of any other party under this agreement , ( b ) waive any inaccuracy in the representation or warranty of any other 
 shareholder contain in this agreement , or ( c ) waive or modify performance of any of the covenant or obligation of any other 
 party under this agreement . 
 11.10 announcement . fsl , afsl tph and tph - a shall consult and confer with each other prior to make any public 
 announcement concern any of the transaction contemplate in this agreement . 
 11.11 entire agreement . this agreement supersede any previous agreement , whether write or oral , that may have be 
 make or enter into by and among the party or any of they or their representative relate to the matter contemplate hereby . 
 this agreement constitute the entire agreement by and among the party with respect to the subject matter hereof . 
 11.12 amendment . this agreement may be amend or supplement only by write agreement sign by the party . 
 11.13 limitation on right of third person . nothing express or imply in this agreement be intend or shall be 
 construe to confer upon or give any person other than the party any right or remedy under or by reason of this agreement or 
 any transaction contemplate hereby , except the permit assign of the party . 
 11.14 govern law; language . the english text of this agreement shall control any interpretation of its provision , and 
 this agreement and the legal relation among the party and the company shall in all respect be interpret , construe and 
 govern by and in accordance with the law of japan . 
 11.15 resolution of dispute . 
 11.15.1 the party shall attempt in good faith to resolve any and all dispute arise out of or relate to this 
 agreement through friendly consultation . if the party can not resolve the dispute through friendly consultation , the provision of 
 section 11.15.2 to section 11.15.4 shall apply with respect to such dispute . 
 11.15.2 any dispute , controversy or claim arise out of or relate to this agreement , or the breach , termination or 
 invalidity hereof , shall be finally resolve exclusively by arbitration administer by the hong kong international arbitration centre 
 ( " hkiac " ) . the arbitration shall be conduct in accordance with the hkiac administer arbitration rule in effect at the 
 time of the arbitration , except as they may be modify by mutual agreement of the 
 - 26- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 party . the seat of the arbitration shall be hong kong . the arbitration shall be conduct in the english language . 
 11.15.3 the arbitration shall be conduct by three ( 3 ) arbitrator . the party initiate arbitration ( the " claimant " ) 
 shall appoint an arbitrator in its request for arbitration ( the " request " ) . the other party to the arbitration ( the " respondent " ) 
 shall appoint an arbitrator within thirty ( 30 ) day of receipt of the request and shall notify claimant of such appointment in writing . 
 the first two ( 2 ) arbitrator appoint in accordance with this provision shall appoint a third arbitrator , who shall act as chair of the 
 tribunal . the arbitral award shall be in writing , state the reason for the award , and be final and bind on the party . the award 
 may include an award of cost , include , without limitation , reasonable attorney ’ fee and disbursement . in addition to monetary 
 damage , the arbitral tribunal shall be empower to award equitable relief . 
 11.15.4 the party agree that the arbitration shall be keep confidential , and that the cost of arbitration shall be 
 bear by the lose party unless otherwise determine by the arbitration award . all payment make pursuant to the arbitration 
 decision or award and any judgment enter thereon shall be make in united states dollar , free from any deduction , offset or 
 withholding for taxis . 
 11.15.5 notwithstanding this section 11.15 or any other provision to the contrary in this agreement , no party shall 
 be obligate to follow the foregoing arbitration procedure where such party intend to apply to any court of competent 
 jurisdiction for an interim injunction or similar equitable relief against any other party , provide there be no unreasonable delay in the 
 prosecution of that application . 
 11.15.6 when any dispute occur and when any dispute be under litigation or arbitration , except for the matter in 
 dispute , the party shall continue to fulfill their respective obligation and shall be entitle to exercise their right under this 
 agreement . however , this provision shall not apply to right or obligation extinguish in connection with a valid termination of 
 this agreement . 
 11.15.7 judgment on the award render by the arbitrator may be enter in any court have jurisdiction . except 
 as set forth above , each of the party hereby irrevocably waive any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arise out 
 of or relate to this agreement or the transaction contemplate hereby . 
 11.16 severability . each section and subsection of this agreement constitute a separate and distinct undertaking or 
 provision hereof . whenever possible , each provision of this agreement shall be interpret in such manner as to be effective and 
 valid under applicable law . in the event that any provision of this agreement shall finally be determine by a competent court or 
 tribunal to be unlawful or unenforceable , such provision shall be deem sever from this agreement , but every other provision of 
 this agreement shall remain in full force and effect , and in substitution for any such provision hold unlawful or unenforceable , there 
 shall be substitute a provision of similar import reflect the original intent of the party to the extent permissible under applicable 
 law . 
 - 27- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 11.17 execution in counterpart . this agreement may be execute in one or more counterpart , each of which shall be 
 deem an original , but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement . the signature of each party may be 
 evidence by an electronic ( e.g. , pdf ) copy of this agreement bear such signature and transmit to the other party . such 
 signature shall be valid and binding as if an original execute copy of this agreement have be deliver . 
 11.18 title and heading . title and heading to section herein be insert for convenience of reference only and be not 
 intend to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this agreement . 
 11.19 counsel only to tph and tph - a. wilson sonsini goodrich & rosati , p.c . ( " wsgr " ) and mori hamada & 
 matsumoto ( " mhm " ) be counsel solely to tph - a and tph . the other party to the agreement acknowledge that they be not 
 rely on wsgr or mhm for advice in connection with the matter relate to this agreement and the transaction contemplate 
 hereby , and that they have have the opportunity consult counsel of their own choosing and have elect not to do so . 
 [ signature page follow ] 
 - 28- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 in witness whereof , the party have cause their respective duly authorize officer to execute this agreement as 
 of the day and year first above write . 
 aizu fujitsu semiconductor limited 
 by : 
 /s/ atsuo shimizu 
 name : 
 atsuo shimizu 
 title : 
 president and representative director 
 fujitsu semiconductor limited 
 by : 
 /s/ kagemasa magaribuchi 
 name : 
 kagemasa magaribuchi 
 title : 
 president and representative director 
 transphorm , inc . 
 by : 
 /s/ mario rivas 
 name : 
 mario rivas 
 title : 
 chief executive officer 
 signature page to the joint venture agreement 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 exhibit a 
 form of joinder agreement 
 this joinder ( this " joinder " ) , date as of [ ● ● ] , 2017 , be deliver pursuant to ( a ) section 6.3 of that certain joint 
 venture agreement date as of may 23 , 2017 , by and among aizu fujitsu semiconductor limited ( the " seller " ) , fujitsu 
 semiconductor limit ( " fsl " ) and transphorm , inc . ( " tph " ) ( as such agreement may be amend , supplement or modify 
 from time to time in accordance with its term , the " joint venture agreement " ) and ( b ) section 5.3.2 of that certain share 
 purchase agreement date as of may 23 , 2017 , by and among the seller , fsl and tph ( as such agreement may be amend , 
 supplement or modify from time to time in accordance with its term , the " share purchase agreement " ) . the undersigned , 
 [ ● ] , a japanese corporation ( " tph - a " ) hereby agree that this joinder may be attach to each of the joint venture agreement 
 and the share purchase agreement . 
 1 . joinder to joint venture agreement . tph - a , by execute and deliver this joinder , hereby become a party to the 
 joint venture agreement in the capacity of " tph - a " as define therein in accordance with section 6.3 thereof , and agree to be 
 bind by all of the term and condition thereof ( include without limitation all of the representation and warranty and covenant 
 of tph - a therein to be make or perform , as applicable , from and after the date hereof ) , in each case as if the undersigned be 
 a direct signatory thereto . 
 2 . joinder to share purchase agreement . tph - a , by execute and deliver this joinder , hereby become a party to the 
 share purchase agreement in the capacity of the " purchaser " as define therein in accordance with section 5.3.2 thereof , and 
 agree to be bind by all of the term and condition thereof ( include without limitation all of the representation and warranty 
 and covenant of the purchaser therein to be make or perform , as applicable , from and after the date hereof ) , in each case as if 
 the undersigned be a direct signatory thereto . 
 3 . representation and warranty . tph - a hereby represent and warrant that : 
 a. tph - a have all requisite power and authority to enter into this joinder and to perform its covenant and 
 obligation hereunder; and 
 b. the execution and delivery of this joinder and the performance by tph - a of its covenant and obligation 
 hereunder have be duly authorize by all necessary action on the part of tph - a and no further action be require on the part of 
 tph - a to authorize this joinder or the performance by tph - a of its covenant and obligation hereunder . 
 [ signature page follow ] 
 -exhibit a-1- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 in witness whereof , the undersigned have cause this joinder to be duly execute and deliver by its officer 
 thereunto duly authorize as of [ ● ● ] , 2017 . 
 [ ● ] , a japanese corporation 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 -exhibit a-2- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 appendix 1 
 key employee 
 department 
 employee 
 i d 
 name 
 date of hire 
 title 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 manager 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 name 
 current employment 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 [ ] 
 second to tph - j 
 -a1 - 1- 
 confidential 
 execution version 
 appendix 2 
 gan equipment 
 no 
 asset i d 
 tool name 
 tool i d 
 application 

 i12026102439 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 i12016100800 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 i12016100427 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 i12016100801 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 i14086159094 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 i14086159092 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 invoice amount 
 item 
 specification 
 last invoice month 
 2017/06 
 2017/07 
 2017/08 
 2017/09 
 2017/10 
 2017/11 
 2017/12 
 2018/01 
 2018/02 
 2018/03 
 2018/04 
 2018/5 
 2018/6 
 2018/7 
 2018/8 
 2018/9 
 2018/10 
 2018/11 
 2018/12 
 2019/01 
 2019/02 
 2019/03 
 2019/04 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 -a2 - 1-