exhibit 10.1 
 joint venture agreement 
 this joint venture agreement ( the " agreement " ) make and enter into this 20th day of friday , march 2020 ( the " execution date " ) , 
 between : 
 borrowmoney.com , inc of 512 bayshore dr , suite 201 fort lauderdale fl 33304 , and jvls , llc dba vaccine 2go of 4060 
 johns creek parkway suite h suwanee , ga 30024 ( individually the " member " and collectively the " member " ) . 
 background : 
 a. 
 the member wish to enter into an association of mutual benefit and agree to jointly invest and set up a joint venture enterprise . 
 b. 
 this agreement set out the term and condition govern this association . 
 in consideration of and as a condition of the member enter into this agreement and other valuable consideration , the receipt and 
 sufficiency of which consideration be acknowledge , the member agree as follow : 
 formation 
 1 . 
 by this agreement the member enter into a joint venture ( the " venture " ) in accordance with the law of the state of florida . the right 
 and obligation of the member will be as state in the applicable legislation of the state of florida ( the " act " ) except as otherwise 
 provide here . 
 name 
 2 . 
 the business name of the venture will be bm&v2go . 
  of 13 
 purpose 
 3 . 
 the exclusive purpose of the venture ( the " purpose " ) will be it development . internet back office maintenance and deployment of 
 medical service . 
 term 
 4 . 
 the duration of this venture ( the " term " ) will begin on march 1 , 2020 and continue in full force and effect until february 28 , 2025 or as 
 otherwise provide in this agreement . 
 5 . 
 the term may be extend with the unanimous consent of all member . 
 place of business 
 6 . 
 the principal office of the business of the venture will be locate at 512 bayshore drive suite 201 fort lauderdale , fl 33304 or such other 
 place as the member may from time to time designate . 
 business management 
 7 . 
 the follow manager ( the " manager " ) have be appoint by the member to manage the venture : 
 ● aaldo piscitello 
 ● jody stewart 
 8 . 
 except as otherwise provide in this agreement , the individual manager may be appoint , replace , or remove upon unanimous 
 consent of the member . 
 9 . 
 the manager will have a primary duty to the good interest of the venture and not directly to any individual member . 
 10 . within the limit of the purpose of the venture and the term of this agreement , the manager , act jointly , will have full authority to 
 bind the member in all matter relate to the direction , control and management of the venture . conduct and action of the manager 
 will be dictate by policy and procedure establish by the member . authority to bind the venture in contract or in any third party 
 business relation lie exclusively with the manager , act jointly . 
 11 . the manager will jointly decide major issue concern the venture . where manager be unable to reach agreement in decide major 
 issue , approval by a majority vote of the member at a regular or special meeting will be require . 
  of 13 
 management duty 
 12 . except as otherwise specify in this agreement , the duty and obligation of the manager in relation to the venture will include the 
 following : 
 a. 
 manage the day to day business of the venture; 
 b. 
 monitoring , control and direct the financial , business and operational affair of the venture; 
 c. 
 proper maintenance of book of account and financial record accord to accept accounting practices; 
 d. 
 monitoring , analyze and act on all issue over which it would have express or imply authority accord to this 
 agreement; and 
 e. 
 all responsibility attach to hiring of production and administration staff include any require labor negotiation , and all 
 responsibility attach to hiring of third party contractor . 
 member duty 
 13 . each member will be responsible for its respective duty as follow : 
  of 13 
 member 
 duty description 
 borrowmoney.com , 
 inc 
 html code , build , deploy and maintain all technical aspect requirement include a database for 
 medical dispatch personal & product service as need , include activity information , datum storage and 
 backup . provide by three qualified assign borrowmoney.com , inc . employee / personal 
 jvls , llc dba 
 vaccine 2go 
 60,000.00 usd from monthly government , city and state , and or private award contract . plus 
 ( 10 ) of any generate gross revenue from award contract , in addition to the total 
 contribution . 
 14 . duty of member may be amend , from time to time , by decision of the member , provide that the member ’ interest be not affect 
 except with the unanimous consent of the member . 
 capital contribution 
 15 . each of the member have contribute to the capital of the venture , in cash or property in agree upon value , as follow ( the " capital 
 contribution " ): 
 member 
 contribution description 
 agree value 
 borrowmoney.com , inc 
 1 , 500 square foot of lease / rent office space include 
 specify description of duty 
 3,500,000.00 usd 
 jvls , llc dba 
 vaccine 2go 
 60,000.00 usd from monthly government , city and state , 
 and or private award contract . plus ( 10 ) of any 
 generate gross revenue , in addition to the total 
 contribution . 
 3,500,000.00 usd 
 16 . all member will contribute their respective capital contribution fully and on time . 
  of 13 
 withdrawal of capital 
 17 . no member will have the right to demand or withdraw any portion of their capital contribution without the express write consent of the 
 remain member . 
 18 . the member will not be personally liable for the return of all or part of the capital contribution of a member , except as otherwise 
 provide in this agreement . 
 additional capital 
 19 . capital contribution may be amend from time to time , accord to the requirement of the venture , by decision of the member as 
 recommend by the manager . where member ' interest be affect , additional capital contribution ( the " additional capital 
 contribution " ) must have the unanimous consent of the member . 
 20 . any advance of money to the venture by any member in excess of the amount provide for in this agreement or subsequently agree to 
 as an additional capital contribution will be deem a debt due from the venture rather than an increase in capital contribution of the 
 member . this liability will be repay with interest at such rate and time to be determine by a majority of the member . this liability will 
 not entitle the lend member to a great voting power . such debt may have preference or priority over any other payment to 
 member as may be determine by a majority of the member . 
 capital account 
 21 . an individual capital account will be maintain for each member and their initial capital contribution will be credit to this account . 
 any additional , approve contribution to the venture ’s capital make by a member will be credit to that member ’s individual capital 
 account . 
 interest on capital 
 22 . no borrowing charge or loan interest will be due or payable to any member on any capital contribution or on their capital account 
 despite any disproportion that may from time to time arise among the capital account of the member . 
  of 13 
 book of account 
 23 . accurate and complete book of account of the transaction of the venture will be keep in accordance with generally accept accounting 
 principle ( gaap ) and at all reasonable time will be available and open to inspection and examination by any member . the book and 
 record of the venture will reflect all the venture ’s transaction and will be appropriate and adequate for the business conduct by the 
 venture . 
 banking and venture fund 
 24 . the fund of the venture will be place in such investment and banking account as will be designate by the member . venture fund 
 will be hold in the name of the venture and will not be commingle with those of any other person or entity . 
 member meeting 
 25 . regular member meeting will be hold quarterly . minute of the meeting will be maintain on file . 
 26 . any member can call a special meeting to resolve urgent issue that require a vote and that can not wait for the next regularly schedule 
 meeting . when call a special meeting , all member must be provide with reasonable notice . where a special meeting have be call , 
 the meeting will be restrict to the specific purpose for which the meeting be call . 
 27 . all meeting will be hold at a time and in a location that be reasonable , convenient and practical consider the situation of all member . 
 28 . any vote require by the member will be determine such that each member receive one vote carry equal weight . 
 amendment 
 29 . this agreement may be amend only with the unanimous consent of all member . 
 admit a new member 
 30 . new member may be admit into the venture only with the unanimous consent of the exist member . the new member agree to be 
 bind by all the covenant , term , and condition of this agreement , inclusive of all current and future amendment . far , a new 
 member will execute such document as be need or require for this admission . any new member will receive a business interest in the 
 venture as determine by all other member . 
  of 13 
 dissociation of a member 
 31 . where a member be in breach of this agreement and that member have not remedie the breach on notice from the venture and after a 
 reasonable period then the remain member will have the right to terminate this agreement with regard to that individual defaulting 
 member ( an " involuntary withdrawal " ) and take whatever action necessary to protect the interest of the venture . 
 32 . if the venture be harm as the result of an individual member ’s action or failure to act , then that individual member will be liable for that 
 harm . if more than one member be at fault then they will be jointly and severally liable for that harm . 
 33 . each member will indemnify the remain member against all loss , cost and claim that may arise in the event of the venture be 
 terminate as a result of breach of the agreement by that member . 
 34 . if a member be place in bankruptcy , or withdraw voluntarily from the venture , or if there be an operation of law against a member , the 
 other member will be entitle to proceed as if the member have breach this agreement . 
 35 . distribution of any amount owe to a dissociate member will be make accord to the percentage of ownership as describe in the 
 valuation of interest or as otherwise may be agree in writing . 
 dissolution of the joint venture 
 36 . the venture will be dissolve and its asset liquidate in the event of any of the follow : 
 a. 
 the term expire and be not extended; 
 b. 
 a unanimous vote by the member to dissolve the venture; 
 c. 
 on satisfaction of the purpose; 
 d. 
 loss or incapacity through any mean of substantially all of the venture ’s assets; or 
 e. 
 where only one member remain . 
  of 13 
 liquidation 
 37 . on dissolution , the venture will be liquidate promptly and within a reasonable time . 
 38 . on the liquidation of the venture asset , distribution of any amount to member will be make in proportion to their respective capital 
 account or as otherwise may be agree in writing . 
 valuation of interest 
 39 . in the absence of a write agreement set a value , the value of the venture will be determine base on the fair market value appraisal 
 of all venture asset ( less liability ) in accordance with generally accept accounting principle ( gaap ) by an independent accounting 
 firm agree to by all member . an appraiser will be appoint within a reasonable period of the date of withdrawal or dissolution . the 
 result of the appraisal will be bind on all member . a withdraw member ’s interest will be base on the proportion of their 
 respective capital account less any outstanding liability a member may have to the venture . the intent of this section be to ensure the 
 survival of the venture despite the withdrawal of any individual member . 
 40 . no allowance will be make for goodwill , trade name , patent or other intangible asset , except where those asset have be reflect on 
 the venture book immediately prior to valuation . 
 transfer of member interest 
 41 . a member may assign their proprietary asset and their right in distribution interest in the venture . such assignment will only include 
 that member ’s economic right and interest and will not include any other right of that member nor will it include an automatic 
 admission as a member of the venture or the right to exercise any management or voting interest . a member who assign any or all of 
 their venture interest to any third party will relinquish their status as member include all management and voting right . assignment of 
 member status , under this clause , include any management and voting interest , will require the consent of all the remain member . 
  of 13 
 management voting 
 42 . any management vote require will be determine such that each manager receive one vote carry equal weight . 
 force majeure 
 43 . a member will be free of liability to the venture where the member be prevent from execute their obligation under this agreement in 
 whole or in part due to force majeure where the member have communicate the circumstance of that event to any and all other member 
 and take any and all appropriate action to mitigate that event . force majeure will include , but not be limit to , earthquake , typhoon , 
 flood , fire , and war or any other unforeseen and uncontrollable event . 
 duty of loyalty 
 44 . provide a member have the consent of the majority of the other member , the member to this agreement and their respective affiliate 
 may have interest in business other than the venture . neither the venture nor any other member will have any right to the asset , 
 income or profit of any such business , venture or transaction . any and all business , venture or transaction with any appearance of 
 conflict of interest must be fully disclose to all other member . failure to disclose any potential conflict of interest will be deem an 
 involuntary withdrawal by the offend member and may be treat accordingly by the remain member . 
 confidentiality 
 45 . all matter relate to this agreement and the venture will be treat by the member as confidential and no member will disclose or allow 
 to be disclose any venture matter or matter , directly or indirectly , to any third party without the prior write approval of all member 
 except where the information properly come into the public domain . 
 46 . this section will survive for one year after the expiration or termination of this agreement or dissolution of the venture . 
 language 
 47 . the member expressly state that the english language be to be the language of choice for this agreement and all other notice and 
 agreement require by the venture . 
  of 13 
 insurance 
 48 . the venture will insure all its asset against loss where reasonable and standard practice in the industry . 
 indemnification 
 49 . each member will be indemnify and hold harmless by the venture from any and all harm or damage of any nature relate to the 
 member ’s participation in venture affair except where such harm or damage result from gross negligence or willful misconduct on the 
 part of the member . 
 liability 
 50 . no member will be liable to the venture or to any other member for any error in judgment or any act or failure to act where make in good 
 faith . the member will be liable for any and all act or failure to act result from gross negligence or willful misconduct . 
 liability insurance 
 51 . the venture may acquire insurance on behalf of any member , employee , agent or other person engage in the business interest of the 
 venture against any liability assert against they or incur by they while act in good faith on behalf of the venture . 
 covenant of good faith 
 52 . member will use their good effort , fairly and in good faith to facilitate the success of the venture . 
 joint venture property 
 53 . where allow by statute , title to all venture property , include intellectual property , will remain in the name of the venture . where joint 
 venture be not recognize by statute as separate legal entity , venture property , include intellectual property , will be hold in the name 
 of one or more member . in all case venture property will be apply by the member exclusively for the benefit and purpose of the 
 venture and in accordance with this agreement . 
 jurisdiction 
 54 . the member submit to the jurisdiction of the court of the state of florida for the enforcement of this agreement and for any arbitration 
 award or decision arise from this agreement . 
  of 13 
 mediation and arbitration 
 55 . in the event a dispute arise out of , or in connection with , this agreement , the member will attempt to resolve the dispute through 
 friendly consultation . 
 56 . if the dispute be not resolve within a reasonable period then any or all outstanding issue may be submit to mediation in accordance 
 with any statutory rule of mediation . if mediation be not successful in resolve the entire dispute or be unavailable , any outstanding 
 issue will be submit to final and binding arbitration in accordance with the law of the state of florida . the arbitrator ’s award will be 
 final , and judgment may be enter upon it by any court have jurisdiction within the state of florida . 
 warranty 
 57 . all member represent and warrant that they have all authority , license and permit to execute and perform this agreement and their 
 obligation under this agreement and that the representative of each member have be fully authorize to execute this agreement . 
 58 . each member represent and warrant that this agreement be not in violation of any and all agreement and constitutional document of 
 the individual member . 
 definition 
 59 . for the purpose of this agreement , the follow term be define as follow : 
 a. 
 " capital contribution " the capital contribution to the venture actually make by the member , include property , cash and any 
 additional capital contribution make . 
 b. 
 " majority vote " a majority vote be any amount great than one - half of the authorize vote . 
 c. 
 " operation of law " the operation of law mean right or duty that be cast upon a party by the law , without any act or 
 agreement on the part of the individual include but not limit to an assignment for the benefit of creditor , a divorce , or a 
 bankruptcy . 
  of 13 
 miscellaneous 
 60 . this venture be term a contractual joint venture and will not constitute a partnership . member will provide service to one another on 
 an arm ' length basis while remain independent business entity . there will be no pooling of profit and loss . each member be 
 responsible only for its own action and no member be an agent for any other member . member will not be jointly or severally liable for 
 the action of the other member . 
 61 . time be of the essence in this agreement . 
 62 . this agreement may be execute in counterpart . facsimile signature be bind and be consider to be original signature . 
 63 . heading be insert for the convenience of the member only and be not to be consider when interpret this agreement . word in 
 the singular mean and include the plural and vice versa . word in the masculine gender include the feminine gender and vice versa . word 
 in the neuter gender include the masculine gender and the feminine gender and vice versa . 
 64 . if any term , covenant , condition or provision of this agreement be hold by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid , void or 
 unenforceable , it be the member ' intent that such provision be reduce in scope by the court only to the extent deem necessary by that 
 court to render the provision reasonable and enforceable and the remainder of the provision of this agreement will in no way be affect , 
 impair or invalidate as a result . 
 65 . this agreement contain the entire agreement between the member . all negotiation and understanding have be include in this 
 agreement . statement or representation which may have be make by any member in the negotiation stage of this agreement may in 
 some way be inconsistent with this final write agreement . all such statement be declare to be of no value in this agreement . only 
 the write term of this agreement will bind the member . 
 66 . this agreement and the term and condition contain in this agreement apply to and be bind upon the member ’s successor , 
 assign , executor , administrator , beneficiary , and representative . 
 67 . any notice or delivery require here will be deem complete when hand - deliver , deliver by agent , or seven ( 7 ) day after be 
 place in the post , postage prepay , to the member at the address contain in this agreement or as the member may later designate 
 in writing . 
  of 13 
 68 . all of the right , remedy and benefit provide by this agreement will be cumulative and will not be exclusive of any other such right , 
 remedy and benefit allow by law . 
 in witness whereof the member have duly affix their signature under hand and seal on this 20th day of march 2020 . 
 borrowmoney.com , inc ( member ) 
 per : /s/ aldo piscitello 
 ( seal ) 
 aldo piscitello president 
 jvls , llc dba vaccines 2go ( member ) 
 per : /s/ jody stewart 
 jody stewart ( mar 20 , 2020 ) 
 ( seal ) 
 jody stewart 
  of 13