exhibit 10.5 
 certain confidential information contain in this document , mark by [ … … ] , have be omit because 
 artara therapeutics , inc . have determine the information ( i ) be not material and ( ii ) would likely cause 
 competitive harm to artara therapeutics , inc . if publicly disclose . 
 sponsor research and license agreement 
 this sponsor research and license agreement ( this " agreement " ) be enter into on november 28 , 2018 ( the " effective date " ) , by and 
 between artara , inc . locate at 1 little west 12th street , new york , ny 10014 ( " artara " ) , and the university of iowa , locate at c / o division of 
 sponsor program , 2 gilmore hall , iowa city , ia 52242 ( " university " ) . artara and university may individually be refer to herein as a " party , " 
 and collectively as " party . " 
 wi t n e s s e t h : 
 whereas , artara be engage in the development of pharmaceutical product for the treatment of serious rare diseases; 
 whereas , university be engage in clinical research to improve the diagnosis and treatment of lymphangioma ( lm ) use ok-432 ( as 
 define below ) , a pharmaceutical product not approve by regulatory authority in the united states; 
 whereas , university be engage in a clinical research program ( as define below ) and with chugai pharmaceutical co. , ltd . , 1 - 1 
 nihonbashi 2 - chome , chuo - ku , tokyo , 103 - 8324 japan , and its wholly - own subsidiary , chugai pharma u.s.a , llc 300 connell drive , suite 
 3100 , berkeley height , new jersey 07922 ( collectively " chugai " ) , the product manufacturer; 
 whereas , principal investigator ( as define below ) of the program be an employee of the university and hold the ind ( as define 
 below ) approve by the fda ( as define below ) for ok-432 under bb - ind5266; 
 whereas , artara wish to develop and submit for regulatory approval , tara-002 , a propose product that will be biosimilar to ok- 
 432; 
 whereas , artara wish to use the program datum ( as define below ) collect from the program , conduct research analysis of the datum 
 and potentially rely on say program datum to support regulatory approval ( as define below ) for tara-002 in the territory ( as define below); 
 and 
 whereas , the copying , review and analysis of program datum for the project ( as define below ) contemplate by this agreement be of 
 mutual interest and benefit to university and artara . 
 now , therefore , in consideration of the foregoing premise and the mutual covenant and agreement contain herein , the party 
 agree as follow : 
 article one 
 definition 
 1.1 
 " affiliate " of a person or entity mean any other entity which ( directly or indirectly ) be control by , control or be under common control 
 with such person or entity . for the purpose of this definition , the term " control " ( include , with correlative meaning , the term 
 " control by " and " under common control with " ) as use with respect to an entity will mean ( i ) in the case of a corporate entity , direct or 
 indirect ownership of voting security entitle to cast at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the vote in the election of director , or ( ii ) in the case 
 of a non - corporate entity , direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the equity interest with the power to direct the 
 management and policy of such entity , provide that if local law restrict foreign ownership , control will be establish by direct or 
 indirect ownership of the maximum ownership percentage that may , under such local law , be own by foreign interest . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 1.2 
 " cro " mean a contract research organization select by artara to assist in the project as approve by the university and/or principal 
 investigator , such approval not to be unreasonably delay or withhold . 
 1.3 
 " fda " mean the united states food and drug administration . 
 1.4 
 " field " mean all therapeutic , diagnostic and prophylactic us of the product(s ) . 
 1.5 
 " first commercial sale " mean the first sale for use or consumption for which revenue have be recognize of product in a country or 
 territory after all require regulatory approval for commercial sale of product have be obtain in such country or territory . 
 1.6 
 " ich - gcp ’s " mean the international conference on harmonization and good clinical practice guideline as adopt in the applicable 
 fda regulation . 
 1.7 
 " indication " mean treatment of lymphangioma ( also know as lymphatic malformation ) in human . 
 1.8 
 " ind " mean university file investigational new drug application on file with the fda ( bb - ind5266 ) for ok-432 for the indication . 
 1.9 
 " net sale " mean , with respect to the product , the gross invoice sale price payable to artara and/or its affiliate and their respective 
 licensee and sublicensee for sale anywhere in the world of the product to a third party , less : 
 ( a ) discount ( include cash , quantity and patient program discount ) , retroactive price reduction , charge - back payment and 
 rebate grant to manage health care organization or to federal , state and local government , their agency , and 
 purchaser and reimburser or to trade customers; 
 ( b ) credit or allowance actually , not to exceed the original invoice amount , grant upon claim , damage good , rejection or 
 return of the product , include the product return in connection with recall or withdrawals; 
 ( c ) freight out , postage , shipping and insurance charge for delivery of the product if charge separately and include in the gross 
 receipts; and 
 ( d ) taxis or duty , exclude income taxis and value - add taxis , levy on , absorb or otherwise impose on the sale of the 
 product , include governmental charge otherwise impose upon the billed amount , as adjust for rebate and refund , 
 provide that such be include in gross receipt and be pay to and/or its affiliate and their respective licensee and 
 sublicensee . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 net sale shall be determine in accordance with generally accept accounting principle , consistently apply . 
 1.10 
 " ok-432 " mean picibanil ( ok-432 ) , a lyophilize mixture of group a streptococcus pyogene develop by chugai and that have be 
 approve by applicable japanese pharmaceutical regulatory authority for the treatment of the indication . 
 1.11 
 " principal investigator " mean richard smith , md 
 1.12 
 " product " shall mean tara-002 and any similar product . 
 1.13 
 " program " mean collectively , the clinical research study investigate the efficacy and safety of ok-432 for the indication conduct 
 by principal investigator in collaboration with multiple site in the united states and the university expand access program perform 
 by principal investigator design to improve the diagnosis and treatment of the indication use ok-432 . 
 1.14 
 " program datum " mean the datum set forth on exhibit a include all case report form , source datum , and safety datum in the possession of 
 or available to university arise from the program and any other datum and information include in the ind . 
 1.15 
 " project " shall mean the compilation and available statistical analysis of the program datum as describe in the project plan , which be 
 summarize in section 2.2 . 
 1.16 
 " project documentation " shall mean the documentation create and generate by artara and cro in the conduct of the project that 
 incorporate or be base upon program datum . 
 1.17 
 " project plan " mean the plan for the project mutually agree upon by the party as summarize in section 2.2 . 
 1.18 
 " right of reference " mean the authority to rely upon , and otherwise use , an investigation for the purpose of obtain regulatory 
 approval , include the ability to make available the underlie raw ( source ) datum from the investigation for audit , if necessary . 
 1.19 
 " regulatory approval " mean the medical , technical and scientific license , registration , authorization and approval ( include 
 without limitation , approval of ind ’s , new drug application ( " nda ’s " ) and equivalent , supplement and amendment , pre- and post- 
 approval , pricing and third - party reimbursement approval and labeling approval ) for the development and commercialization of 
 pharmaceutical product . 
 1.20 
 " regulatory authority " mean any applicable national , regional , state or local regulatory agency , department , bureau , commission , 
 council or other governmental entity , necessary for the development , manufacture , distribution , marketing , promotion , offer for sale , use , 
 import , export or sale of a pharmaceutical product in a regulatory jurisdiction . 
 1.21 
 " regulatory filing " mean collectively , ind ’s , product license application , drug master file , nda ’s , biological license application 
 ( " bla " ) include supportive and annual filing and/or any other equivalent or comparable filing as may be require by regulatory 
 authority to obtain regulatory approval . 
 1.22 
 " royalty " mean the royalty on net sale of product in the indication , as set forth in article three below . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 1.23 
 " tara-002 " mean the artara pharmaceutical product intend to be similar to or biosimilar to ok-432 . 
 1.24 
 " territory " mean worldwide . 
 article two 
 project 
 2.1 performance of project . the university and/or principal investigator together with artara and the cro will conduct the project in accordance 
 with the project plan and will use all reasonable endeavor consistent with their expertise to successfully complete the project . it be the goal of the 
 project to use the program datum as clinical support for product regulatory filing and to gain approval to commercialize the product for the 
 indication in the territory . 
 2.2 project plan . the project plan as approve by each of the party may be modify or amend only upon mutual agreement of each of the 
 party . the project will consist of three phase : 
 ( a ) phase I : university and/or principal investigator will provide access to the program datum to artara and the cro at the 
 university ’s facility . artara and the cro will be allow to make complete copy of the original program datum for the 
 purpose of off - site datum entry and storage , all as and only to the extent need to support artara ’s effort to accomplish the 
 project . university will provide artara and cro the opportunity to examine the original of medical record and support 
 record for the program datum at the university during normal business hour and at mutually agreeable time . university and 
 principal investigator will also provide to artara contact information for other participate investigator and research site 
 that have contribute datum to the program . university will retain all program datum for the soon to occur of a new drug 
 application ( nda ) for the product be approve or ten ( 10 ) year from the effective date . artara will bear any cost relate 
 to necessary long - term on or off - site storage of the program datum , medical record and/or support record . artara 
 understand that separate engagement agreement may be require by collaborate third party entity and associate 
 principal investigator and university will assist artara in obtain such agreement . it be understand that the goal of phase 
 I be a feasibility analysis of the program datum to support regulatory filing in the united states . 
 ( b ) phase ii : university recognize that because of artara ’s unfamiliarity with the program datum database , assistance from the 
 principal investigator and other research and medical employee of the university may from time to time be 
 need for artara to query and analyze the program datum database as need to achieve successful presentation to 
 applicable regulatory authority and submission of regulatory filing . artara will endeavor to minimize university 
 resource require during phase ii . the goal of phase ii will be to compile the project documentation . 
 ( c ) phase iii : cro will convert program datum to ectd format for submission to regulatory authority . university recognize 
 that artara may receive specific data request from regulatory authority in connection with artara ’s presentation of 
 program datum to support regulatory filing . university will assist artara in respond to such request for datum or access to 
 source datum from regulatory authority . artara agree to notify university of such request as soon as be practicable . the 
 goal of phase iii will be file of a bla base on project documentation and response to regulatory authority . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 ( d ) phase iv optional : upon mutual write agreement of university and artara , artara may sponsor , and university may 
 conduct , new product or product - relate clinical study ( for example , follow - up study ) to support the goal of the project or 
 as may be useful for gain or maintain regulatory approval for the product for the indication . any such study will be 
 at the sole discretion of each party subject to term and condition to be mutually agree upon in agreement separate from 
 this agreement . richard smith , md will be give first consideration as a principal investigator for all new product or product- 
 relate clinical study , in addition to other site provide final site selection will be base on the good interest of the project . 
 ( e ) phase v : publication : collect datum from the project will be use to write a paper by the university and/or principal 
 investigator ( the " publication " ) as a follow up to the publication in 2009 ( smith mc , zimmerman mb , burke dk , bauman 
 nm , sato y , smith rj; ok-432 collaborative study group . efficacy and safety of ok-432 immunotherapy of lymphatic 
 malformation . laryngoscope . 2009jan;119(1):107 - 15 . doi : 10.1002 / lary.20041 . pubme pmid : 19117316 ) . ( the 
 " publication " ) . the publication will be in accordance with the term in article 5 herein . 
 2.3 project management . during the term of this agreement , the principal investigator and and/or his authorize representative and artara 
 authorize representative will meet as necessary to consult with one another and discuss the progress and result of the project and any 
 modification to the project plan . consultation by either party shall be by mean of personal visit , correspondence and telephone call , all as 
 appear reasonable and necessary and be mutually agree upon by the principal investigator and artara . 
 article three 
 funding and payment 
 3.1 funding . during the term of the project in accordance with the project plan , artara will provide thirty thousand dollar ( us 30,000 ) per year in 
 funding for the project , take into consideration the time spend by university employee require for the project . the party agree to discuss in 
 good faith potential additional funding require for completion of the project as applicable and necessary . 
 3.2 approval milestone base on datum value : within forty - five ( 45 ) day of an approval of the tara-002 bla by the fda , artara will pay a one- 
 time approval milestone to university pursuant to the usefulness of the program datum in tara-002 ’s bla filing , as set forth below : 
 official feedback from fda regard the program datum 
 milestone 
 [ … … ] 
 [ … … ] 
 [ … … ] 
 [ … … ] 
 [ … … ] 
 [ … … ] 
 [ … … ] 
 [ … … ] 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 3.3 royalty . royalty will be payable by artara on net sale of product in the indication . artara will , no later than [ … … ] follow the close 
 of each calendar quarter , pay tiere royalty base on annual net sale of product in the indication as set forth below : 
 annual net sale of product for the 
 indication 
 annual royalty rate percent net 
 sale 
 0 - 25,000,000 
 1.75 
 > 25,000,000 - 50,000,000 
 2.25 
 > 50,000,000 
 2.50 
 3.4 royalty reduction . in the event the regulatory authority determine that the program data be not sufficient for regulatory approval on its 
 own and additional pediatric efficacy and safety clinical study be require , royalty set forth above will be reduce by [ … … ] percent ( [ … 
 … ] ) . 
 3.5 sale milestone payment . in the event that annual net sale , as detail in section 3.3 , surpass certain threshold , artara will make the 
 follow payment no later than [ … … ] follow the close of the calendar quarter in which each milestone be reach as set forth below : 
 annual net sale of product for the 
 indication exceed 
 milestone payment 
 25,000,000 
 62,500 
 50,000,000 
 62,500 
 100,000,000 
 125,000 
 3.6 payment . 
 all payment under article 3.2 , 3.3 and 3.5 shall be send to the follow address : 
 check will be send to : 
 the university of iowa research foundation 
 attn : accounting 
 6 gilmore hall 
 112 north capitol st . 
 iowa city , ia 52242 - 5500 
 wire transfer will be send to : 
 [ … … ] 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 artara will include the university of iowa research foundation agreement number 2019- 068 , a reference to " richard smith , md , artara 
 sponsor research and license agreement date november 28 , 2018 " and purpose of payment with all payment . artara will add all applicable 
 wire transfer fee to wire transfer payment . 
 all other payment shall be send to the follow address : 
 the university of iowa 
 c / o grant accounting office 
 118 s. clinton st . 
 iowa city , ia 52242 
 article four 
 datum and intellectual property 
 4.1 
 program datum and project documentation . 
 ( a ) program datum . access to all original program datum shall be provide to artara and the cro at university ’s facility in accordance 
 with the project plan for the purpose of review and copying as and only to the extent need to support artara ’s effort to accomplish 
 the project . as between artara and the university , ownership of all program datum be hereby retain by the university . 
 ( b ) project documentation . all project documentation shall be own by artara to the extent publishable in accordance with section 5 
 herein , except that ownership of any and all program datum incorporate into project documentation shall as between artara and the 
 university remain with the university . university may use all project documentation without royalty obligation for patient care and for its 
 own internal teaching , research , and educational purpose , for publication to the extent permit under section 5 herein , and for the 
 purpose of comply with any federal , state , or local law or regulation . all medical record that support the program datum and project 
 documentation shall remain the property of the university . 
 4.2 
 license . university hereby grant to artara an exclusive license to use the program datum solely for the project and in regulatory filing 
 in the field in the territory . 
 4.3 
 right of reference and ind assignment . university hereby grant to artara an exclusive right of reference to all program regulatory 
 filing by university in support of the product . upon write request of artara , university will assign the ind to artara . 
 4.4 
 intellectual property . all intellectual property or patentable invention arise out of or in connection with the project which be 
 discover or invent solely by the university and/or principal investigator shall be the exclusive property of the university ( " university 
 intellectual property " ) . all intellectual property or patentable invention arise out of or in connection with the project which be 
 discover or invent solely by or on behalf of artara shall be the exclusive property of artara . all intellectual property or patentable 
 invention arise out of or in connection with the project that be discover or invent jointly by principal investigator and artara 
 shall be consider joint intellectual property and shall be jointly own by the university and artara . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 article five 
 confidential information; publication 
 5.1 confidentiality . during the term of this agreement and for a period of seven ( 7 ) year after its termination or expiration each party ( the 
 " receive party " ) shall maintain in confidence and , except as authorize by this agreement , not use any know - how , datum , process , technique , 
 formula , test datum and other information disclose by the other party ( the " disclose party " ) and which for any of the foregoing , if write , be 
 marked " confidential " by the disclosing party or , if verbal or visual , be identify in writing as " confidential " at the time of disclosure and reduce 
 to write by the disclosing party within thirty ( 30 ) day of the verbal or visual disclosure ( " confidential information " ) . 
 5.2 exception . the obligation of confidentiality and non - use set forth in paragraph 5.1 shall not apply to the extent that it can be establish by 
 receive party that the information : 
 ( a ) be already know to receive party without restriction at the time of disclosure; 
 ( b ) be generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure; 
 ( c ) become generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure to receive party through no 
 breach of this agreement by receive party; 
 ( d ) be disclose to receive party without restriction by a third party who have no know obligation to not to disclose such information; 
 ( e ) be independently develop by receive party without the use of confidential information; 
 ( f ) be require to be disclose by operation of law or court order; or 
 ( g ) disclose party give prior write consent to receive party to disclose such confidential information . 
 5.3 return of confidential information . in the event the disclosing party request in write the return of confidential information , the receiving 
 party shall return such confidential information to disclose party with the exception of one copy , which may be retain for archival purpose . 
 5.4 publication . the university and artara each agree to treat matter of authorship of the publication in a proper collaborative spirit and follow 
 guideline and policy in accordance with the university of iowa ’s operation manual which may be find at : https://opsmanual.uiowa.edu/. 
 it be anticipate that employee of the university will be first and senior author on the publication , but it be understand that final authorship will be 
 determine in accordance with all applicable law and regulation in publication practice , include section 6002 of the affordable care act a / k / a 
 sunshine act and with icmje ( international committee of medical journal editor ) guideline , standard scientific practice and journal guideline . 
 university and/or principal investigator shall provide artara with a copy of any propose publication for review and comment at least [ … … ] 
 prior to submission thereof for publication . artara shall have [ … … ] , after receipt of say copy to object to such propose publication because 
 there be confidential information which need protection . in the event that artara make such objection , university and/or principal investigator 
 shall refrain from submit such publication for a maximum of [ … … ] from date of receipt of such objection in order for artara to file patent 
 application(s ) direct to patentable subject matter contain in the propose publication . if in its review , artara identify information it consider 
 to be its confidential information , artara may require redaction of that confidential information; provide , however , that artara shall not require 
 removal of information necessary for complete and accurate presentation and interpretation of the program datum and result . the publication shall 
 occur within [ … … ] of the date the project be close or terminate , or university and/or principal investigator shall be free to publish program 
 datum and result at that time . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 article six 
 representations; indemnification 
 6.1 representation . university represent : 
 ( a ) the program be be , and have be , conduct in accordance with all applicable local , state and federal law , and regulation , 
 include , but not limit to , the federal food , drug and cosmetic act and the regulation of the fda , international conference on 
 harmonization good clinical practice as adopt in the applicable fda regulation ( " gcp ’s " ) , and the form fda 1572 statement of 
 investigator . 
 ( b ) the program be be and have be conduct in accordance with all applicable medical privacy law or regulation , include without 
 limitation , by obtain any require subject inform consent to allow artara and artara ’s authorize representative , fda and 
 other regulatory authority access to and use of enrol subject ' medical information as may be necessary for artara to receive 
 and use program datum under this agreement . 
 ( c ) the clinical study include in the program be and have be conduct in accordance with the applicable protocol associate with 
 the bb - ind5266 hold by the principal investigator . 
 ( d ) university represent that informed consent be require from all individual subject prior to enrollment in the program , and that the 
 program be approve by the institutional review board of the university . 
 ( e ) university represent that it be authorize to enter into this agreement and that the term of this agreement be consistent with the 
 rule , regulation , policy and/or guideline of university . 
 ( f ) 
 university represent that to the good of its knowledge and belief there be no outstanding agreement or assignment which be 
 inconsistent with the right grant to artara pursuant to article four . 
 ( g ) the party shall commence performance of the project promptly after the date of last signature of this agreement and shall perform 
 the project in accordance with the current state of the laboratory research art and in accordance with applicable state and federal law , 
 include export law , and regulation . 
 ( h ) university represent to the good of its knowledge , all information provide to artara pursuant to this agreement be accurate in 
 accordance with ich - gcp ’s . 
 ( i ) 
 except as otherwise expressly set forth in this agreement , the university make no representation 
 and extend no warranty of any kind , either express or imply , with respect to the subject matter of 
 this agreement . in particular , but without limitation , the university make no representation and 
 extend no warranty concern whether the program datum be accurate or complete . the party 
 recognize and agree that all program datum , and related material , document , and other 
 information , the university make available to artara at any time in connection with this 
 agreement , be make available to artara as an accommodation , and without representation or 
 warranty of any kind , whether express , imply or statutory , as to the accuracy and completeness of 
 such material , document , and other information . artara expressly agree that any reliance upon 
 or conclusion draw from the program datum shall be at artara ’s own risk to the maximum extent 
 permit by law and shall not give rise to any liability of or against the university . artara hereby 
 waif and release any claim arise under this agreement , common law or any statute arise 
 out of any program datum , relate material , document or information provide to it by the 
 university . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 ( j ) 
 university represent , to the good of its knowledge and belief , that neither it nor any of its officer , director , employee involve in 
 perform the project be presently debar pursuant to the generic drug enforcement act of 1992 . university shall notify artara 
 upon become aware of any inquiry or the commencement of any such investigation or proceeding . 
 6.2 representation . artara represent and warrant : 
 ( a ) it be a company duly organize , exist , and in good standing under the law of delaware; 
 ( b ) the execution , delivery , and performance of this agreement have be authorize by all necessary corporate action on the part of 
 artara and the person sign this agreement on behalf of artara have the authority to do so; 
 ( c ) the making , exercise of any right , or performance of any obligation under this agreement do not violate any separate agreement 
 it have with a third party , and in so act , artara will not breach the term and condition of this agreement or fail to comply with 
 applicable law , regulation , and court orders; 
 ( d ) it be not a party to any agreement or arrangement that would prevent it from perform its duty and fulfil its obligation to the 
 university under this agreement; 
 ( e ) it have and will maintain at the time specify in article 7 herein , the insurance coverage call for in article 7; 
 ( f ) 
 it will obtain any additional license from any third party need to perform and fulfill its duty and obligation under this 
 agreement; and 
 ( g ) there be no pende litigation and no threaten claim against it that could impair its ability or capacity to perform and fulfill its 
 duty and obligation under this agreement . 
 6.3 indemnification by artara . to the extent permit by law , artara agree to defend , indemnify and hold the university of iowa research 
 foundation , the university , the state of iowa , the university ’s board of regent , their respective affiliate , trustee , officer , director , faculty , 
 staff , student , successor , assign , independent contractor , agent and employee include but not limit to principal investigator 
 ( " university indemnitee " ) , harmless from and against any and all liability , loss , expense , reasonable adjudicated attorney ’ fee , or claim for injury 
 or damage arise out of the use of the program datum by artara and its affiliate and subcontractor include but not limit to the cro 
 involve in the project , but only in proportion to and to the extent such liability , loss , expense , attorney ’ fee , or claim for injury or damage be 
 cause by or result from the negligent or act or omission of artara , its officer , agent , employee , subcontractor , the cro or affiliate . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 6.4 no consequential damage . in no event shall either party be liable to the other party under this agreement in a 
 direct action between the party for special , indirect , incidental or consequential damage ( include , 
 without limitation , loss of profit ) suffer by the other party . 
 article seven 
 insurance 
 7.1 artara , affiliate , and sublicensee will obtain and maintain commercial general liability insurance with a reputable and financially secure 
 insurance carrier prior to clinical testing , make , use , import , offer to sell , or sell any licensed product or engage in any other act 
 involve any licensed product or the patent right , if such act could possibly create risk of a claim against university indemnitee for personal 
 injury or property damage . 
 ( a ) the insurance will identify university indemnitee as additional insured and will provide that the carrier will notify university in 
 write at least [ … … ] prior to cancellation , non - renewal , or material change in coverage . should artara fail to obtain replacement 
 insurance provide comparable coverage within such [ … … ] period , university will have the right to termination this agreement 
 effective as of the end of the [ … … ] period without notice or any additional cure period . 
 ( b ) the insurance will include coverage for product liability with a minimum of [ … … ] dollar ( [ … … ] ) per occurrence and [ … 
 … ] dollar ( [ … … ] ) annual aggregate , coverage for contractual liability , clinical trial liability if any such trial be perform , 
 bodily injury and property damage , include complete operation , personal injury , coverage for contractual employee , blanket 
 contractual and product , and all other coverage standard for such policy . such insurance will additionally include error and 
 omission insurance with a minimum of [ … … ] dollar ( [ … … ] ) per occurrence . 
 ( c ) insurance policy purchase to comply with this article seven will be keep in force for at least [ … … ] after the last sale of licensed 
 product . 
 7.2 at university ’s request , such request to be make no more than annually , artara will provide university with a certificate of insurance and 
 notice of subsequent renewal for its insurance and that of affiliate extend right under this agreement and of sublicensee . 
 7.6 the specify minimum coverage and other provision of this article seven do not constitute a limitation on artara ’s obligation to indemnify 
 the university indemnitee under this agreement . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 article eight 
 term and termination 
 8.1 term . this agreement may be terminate by artara upon thirty ( 30 ) day prior write notice to university . 
 8.2 termination by either party . either party may terminate the project and all commitment and obligation with respect thereto , subject to section 
 8.3 herein , upon thirty ( 30 ) day write notice to the other party . in the event of any termination of the project by university , ( a ) university agree 
 to complete phase I and ii of the project , and ( b ) artara will continue to provide annual funding until the completion of phase ii . upon termination 
 of the project by artara this agreement will terminate subject to section 8.3 and artara will reassign to university the ind if assignment thereof 
 previously occur pursuant to section 4.3 . 
 8.3 survival . termination of the project for any reason shall not relieve any party of any obligation that accrue under this agreement prior to 
 termination . the provision of article three , article four , article five , section 6.3 and 6.4 , and article seven through nine shall survive 
 termination of the project by university . the provision of article five , section 6.3 and 6.4 , article seven , section 8.3 and article nine shall 
 survive termination of the project and this agreement by artara . 
 article nine 
 miscellaneous 
 9.1 force majeure . university will not be liable for any failure to perform as require by this agreement , if the failure to perform be cause by 
 circumstance reasonably beyond university ’s control , such as labor disturbance or labor dispute of any kind , accident , failure of any 
 governmental approval require for full performance , civil disorder or commotion , act of aggression , act of god , energy or other conservation 
 measure , explosion , failure of utility , mechanical breakdown , material shortage , disease , theft , or other such occurrence . 
 9.2 publicity . no party will use directly or by implication the name of any other party , or the name of any employee thereof without prior write 
 notification and agreement of the name party for promotional , marketing or advertising purpose . notwithstanding the foregoing , nothing herein 
 shall prevent either party from disclose the existence of this agreement , the identity of the party , or the basic nature and scope of the purpose 
 of this agreement . 
 9.3 notice . any notice require to be give pursuant to this agreement shall be make by personal delivery or , if by mail , then by register or 
 certify mail , return receipt request , by one party to the other party at the follow address . 
 in the case of artara , notice should be send to : 
 artara therapeutic 
 1 little west 12th street 
 ny , ny 10014 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 attention : jesse shefferman 
 in the case of university , notice should be send to : 
 the university of iowa 
 c / o division of sponsor program 
 2 gilmore hall 
 iowa city , ia 52242 
 attention : [ … … ] 
 9.4 governing law . this agreement shall be govern by the law of the state of iowa . 
 9.5 assignment . no party may assign any right under this agreement or delegate any duty hereunder without the prior write consent of the 
 other party . 
 9.6 independent contractor . the relationship between artara and the university create by this agreement shall be one of an independent 
 contractor and no party shall have the authority to bind or act as agent for the other party . 
 9.7 entire agreement . this agreement constitute the entire agreement between the party with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
 supersede all prior agreement and understanding between the party ( whether write or verbal ) relate to say subject matter . 
 9.8 severability . whenever possible each provision of this agreement shall be interpret in such a manner as to be effective and valid under 
 applicable law but should any provision of this agreement be hold to be prohibit or invalid under applicable law , such provision shall be 
 ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity , without invalidate the remainder of this agreement . however , if such provision be 
 deem significant and its invalidity would substantially alter the basis of this agreement , the party will negotiate in good faith to amend the 
 provision of this agreement to give effect to the original intent of the party . 
 9.9 waiver . no provision of this agreement shall be waive by any act or omission of the party or their agent or employee except by an 
 instrument in write expressly waive such provision and sign by a duly authorize officer of the waive party . 
 9.10 counterpart . this agreement may be sign in any number of counterpart , include in pdf format , each of which shall be an original , with 
 the same effect as though the signature hereto and thereto be on the same instrument . 
 9.11 section heading . the recital and descriptive heading of this agreement be for convenience only and shall be of no force or effect in 
 interpret any of the provision of this agreement . 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 in witness whereof , the party have cause this agreement to be duly execute by an authorized official as of the day and year first above 
 write . 
 artara therapeutics , inc . 
 /s/ jesse shefferman 
 by : jesse shefferman 
 title : chief executive officer 
 the university of iowa 
 /s/ wendy beaver 
 by : wendy beaver 
 title : executive director , division of sponsor program 
 read & acknowledge by principal investigator 
 /s/ richard smith 
 by : richard smith , m.d . 
 title : professor of otolaryngology head and neck surgery 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020 
 exhibit a 
 program datum 
 [ … … ] 

 source : artara therapeutics , inc . , 8 - k , 1/10/2020