exhibit 10.1 
 certain confidential portion of this exhibit have be omit and replace 
 with " [ ] " . such identify information have be exclude from this exhibit 
 because it be ( i ) not material and ( ii ) would likely cause competitive harm to the 
 company if disclose . 
 execution version 
 network build and maintenance agreement 
 between 
 commnet wireless , llc 
 and 
 at&t mobility llc 
 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 mobility network general agreement 
 table of content 
 .1 scope 

 1.2 scope of agreement 

 1.3 term of agreement 

 2.1 definition 

 2.2 affiliate 

 2.3 agreement 

 2.4 attorney ’s fee 

 2.5 at&t competitor 

 2.6 at&t indemnify party 

 2.7 cell site 

 2.8 change management plan 

 2.9 change of control 

 2.10change order 

 2.11control 

 2.12customer information 

 2.13deliverable 

 2.14delivery or completion 

 2.15delivery date or completion date 

 2.16documentation 

 2.17drug screen 

 2.18employment claim 

 2.19excusable delay 

 2.20firstnet authority 

 2.21information 

 2.22intellectual property right 

 2.23item 

 2.24law 

 2.25liability 

 2.26lien 

 2.27litigation expense 

 2.28loss 

 2.29material 

 2.30non - service affect defect 

 2.31oem 

 2.32permit 

 2.33person 

 2.34physical entry 

 2.35restricte entity 

 2.36service affect defect 

 2.37service 

 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and third 
 party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 
 ii 
 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 mobility network general agreement 
 table of content 
 2.38software 

 2.39specifications 

 2.40subcontractor 

 2.41suspend a site , suspend or suspension 

 2.42system 

 2.43third party loss 

 2.44vendor indemnify party 

 2.45vendor person 

 2.46work 

 2.47writing or write 

 3.1 general term 

 3.2 affiliate 

 3.3 amendment and waiver 

 3.4 anticipate and actual delay in delivery and performance 

 3.5 anticorruption law 

 3.6 assignment and delegation; change of control 

 3.7 compliance with law 

 3.8 conflict of interest 

 3.9 construction and interpretation 

 3.10cumulative remedy 

 3.11delivery , performance and acceptance 

 3.12entire agreement 

 3.13force majeure 

 3.14government contract provision and flow down 

 3.15governing law 

 3.16indemnity 

 3.17information 

 3.18infringement 

 3.19insurance 

 3.20invoicing and payment 

 3.21license and patent 

 3.22limitation of damage 

 3.23offset right 

 3.24material and service furnish by vendor and at&t 

 3.25non - exclusive market 

 3.26notice of certain event 

 3.27notice 

 3.28offshore work prohibit 

 3.29order of precedence 

 3.30ownership of pay - for development , use and reservation of right 

 3.31publicity 

 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and third 
 party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 mobility network general agreement 
 table of content 
 3.32records and audit 

 3.33restricte entity 

 3.34severability 

 3.35supplier citizenship and sustainability 

 3.36survival of obligation 

 3.37taxes 

 3.38termination and suspension 

 3.39third party administrative service 

 3.40third party beneficiary 

 3.41title and risk 

 3.42title to material furnish by at&t 

 3.43transaction cost 

 3.44utilization of minority , woman , and disabled veteran own business enterprise 

 3.45vendor personnel and employment matter 

 3.46warranty 

 3.47subcontractors; work do by other 

 3.48affordable care act 

 3.49customer information 

 3.50reimbursable expense 

 4.1 special term 

 4.2 access 

 4.3 at&t supplier information security requirement ( sisr ) 

 4.4 background check 

 4.5 clean up 

 4.6 vendor ’s audit financial statement 

 4.7 vendor personnel information 

 4.8 damage to property 

 4.9 dispute resolution 

 4.10electronic datum interchange ( edi ) 

 4.11emergency work 

 4.12hazardous material and regulated substance 

 4.13identification of vendor ’s personnel and equipment 

 4.14independent contractor 

 4.15inspection of material 

 4.16inspection of work 

 4.17liens 

 4.18notification of injury or damage 

 4.19protection of property 

 4.20release void 

 4.21removal and management of use battery 

 4.22resource recovery center 

 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and third 
 party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 mobility network general agreement 
 table of content 
 4.23safety management 

 4.24technical support 

 4.25testimony 

 4.26at&t datum and at&t derive datum ( big datum ) 

 4.27business continuity plan 

 4.28change in law 

 4.29foss 

 5.1 execution of agreement 

 5.2 transmission of original signature and execute multiple counterpart 

 exhibit a : government flow down and contract clause 
 exhibit b : supplier information security requirement ( sisr ) 
 exhibit c : change management plan 
 addendum 1 : network build and structured payment 
 addendum 2 : maintenance 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and third 
 party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 this network build and maintenance agreement be enter into as of the 31 day of july , 2019 ( the 
 " effective date " ) by and between commnet wireless , llc , a delaware limit liability company 
 ( hereinafter refer to as " vendor " ) , and at&t mobility llc , a delaware limit liability company on 
 behalf of itself and its affiliate ( as such term be define herein ) ( collectively and hereinafter refer to as 
 " at&t " ) , each of which may be refer to in the singular as a " party " or in the plural as the " party . " 
 1.0 scope 
 1.1 scope of agreement . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , vendor shall ( i ) build , 
 install and deploy a radio access network ( " run " ) at certain cell site in one or more state for at&t 
 and its affiliate as more particularly describe in addendum 1 : network build and structured 
 payment ( the " build addendum " ) attach hereto , ( ii ) provide ongoing maintenance of the ran 
 network construct by vendor pursuant to the build addendum as more particularly describe in 
 addendum 2 : maintenance ( the " maintenance addendum " ) attach hereto and ( iii ) provide to at&t 
 certain other material and service relate thereto as describe herein and therein . in exchange for the 
 provision of the material and service set forth in the build addendum , the party agree that at&t will 
 pay to vendor the structured payment ( as such term be define in the build addendum ) and in exchange 
 for the provision of the material and service set forth in the maintenance addendum , the party agree 
 that at&t will pay to vendor the maintenance fee ( as such term be define in the maintenance 
 addendum ) . vendor agree that the material and service provide pursuant to this agreement , the build 
 addendum and the maintenance addendum shall strictly conform to the specification contain herein 
 and therein . 
 concurrently herewith , the party or their affiliate have enter into ( i ) that certain cell site backhaul 
 master service agreement between vendor and at&t corp . pursuant to which vendor be responsible 
 for provide transport service from the cell site to at&t ’s designate mtso ( the " transport 
 agreement " ) and ( ii ) that certain master license agreement that govern all site license agreement 
 between at&t and vendor ( or its affiliate ) for the cell site ( the " master license agreement " ) . 
 1.2 term of agreement . the " term " of this agreement shall commence on the effective date and shall 
 continue in full force and effect until the expiration or early termination of the last addendum to expire or 
 be terminate , at which time this agreement will expire , unless this agreement be soon terminate in 
 accordance with the term and provision of this agreement . 
 2.0 definition 
 2.1 affiliate . " affiliate " of a person mean any other person , directly or indirectly , through one or more 
 intermediary , control , control by or under common control with such person or any other 
 person in which such person beneficially own a majority of the outstanding capital stock , membership 
 interest or partnership interest . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 st 
 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 2.2 agreement . " agreement " mean the write agreement between the party as set forth in this 
 document and the attach addendum , exhibit , schedule and appendix and shall include the term of 
 such other document as be incorporate by express reference in this document and the attach 
 addendum , exhibit , schedule and appendix . all reference herein to this agreement shall include the 
 build addendum and the maintenance addendum and all attachment , exhibit and schedule attach 
 thereto , as amend from time to time . 
 2.3 attorney ’s fee . " attorney ’s fee " include all reasonable outside counsel fee and expense . 
 2.4 at&t competitor . " at&t competitor " mean [ ] . 
 2.5 at&t indemnify party . " at&t indemnify party " mean at&t and its affiliate , as well as 
 their respective officer , director , employee , representative and agent , individually or collectively , as 
 the case may be , and all of their successor and assign . 
 2.6 cell site . " cell site " mean a wireless communication tower or other structure on which cell site 
 equipment be locate , and for purpose of this agreement shall refer to at&t ’s space on such structure 
 and all of the at&t provide equipment ( as such term be define in the build addendum ) and vendor 
 provide equipment ( as such term be define in the build addendum ) , include all material contemplate 
 herein or in the build addendum , together with all related ground space and other property and right 
 ancillary thereto as set forth in the master license agreement and the applicable site license for the 
 vendor cell site or the applicable tower lease for the third party cell site . 
 2.7 change management plan . " change management plan " mean the process to accommodate 
 change to the specification or work set forth in exhibit c attach hereto . 
 2.8 change of control . " change of control " mean any contract or transaction or series of related 
 contract or transaction ( regardless of form or structure ) that would directly result in the control of a 
 person or its business or asset change from one person to another person ( alone or in combination with 
 any other third person ) . 
 2.9 change order . " change order " mean any write request by any party hereto to make any change to 
 the work , include the service , material , delivery date or completion date , specification or other 
 term and condition of this agreement , that be authorize and approve in writing by the other party in 
 accordance with the change management plan . 
 2.10 control . " control " ( include the term " control " and " control by " ) of a person shall mean 
 ( i ) hold fifty percent ( 50 ) or more ownership or beneficial interest of income and capital of such 
 person; or ( ii ) have ownership of at least fifty percent ( 50 ) 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 of the voting power or voting equity of such person; or ( iii ) regardless of the percentage ownership interest 
 hold , have the ability to appoint a majority of the board of director , manager or other govern body 
 of such person or otherwise direct management policy of such person by contract or otherwise . 
 2.11 customer information . " customer information " include , to the extent receive , observe , 
 collect , store , or access , in any way , in connection with this agreement : at&t ’s or its affiliate ' 
 customer ’ name , address , and phone number , any such customer ’s or its employee ’s personal , health 
 or financial information , authentication credential , internet activity , history , and/or pattern of use , 
 information concern account , network performance and usage information , web browse and wireless 
 application information , location information , any other information associate with a customer of at&t 
 or its affiliate or with person in the household of a customer of at&t or its affiliate , and any 
 information available to at&t , its affiliate and/or the supplier and/or subcontractor of at&t or its 
 affiliate ( for avoidance of doubt , include vendor ) by virtue of at&t ’s or its affiliate ' relationship with 
 customer as a provider of mobile and non - mobile communication , internet , datum , video , information or 
 other service , include the quantity , technical configuration , location , type , destination , and amount of use 
 of communication or other service subscribe to , and information contain on the bill of at&t ’s or its 
 affiliate ' customer . 
 2.12 deliverable . " deliverable " mean any and all deliverable set forth in this agreement , include all 
 deliverable set forth in the build addendum and the maintenance addendum , which be to be provide 
 by vendor to at&t pursuant to the term of any exhibit , schedule or appendix attach hereto or thereto . 
 deliverable include , but be not limit to , any cell site configuration file , report , datum , design , plan , 
 specification , model , prototype , performance requirement , and/or documentation deliver pursuant 
 to this agreement . 
 2.13 delivery or completion . " delivery " or " completion " or any similar term mean vendor ’s obligation 
 to provide material and service that strictly conform to the specification , include , without limitation , 
 location acceptance of the cell site describe in the build addendum . vendor complete delivery of 
 material or completion of service : ( i ) in the case of any cell site ( and all material and service 
 incorporate therein or related thereto ) upon location acceptance , and ( ii ) in the case of delivery of 
 material or service that be require to be deliver prior to or follow location acceptance , ( a ) 
 upon at&t ’s possession of the material if vendor be not require to provide additional service , such as 
 installation , ( b ) upon complete such additional service , if vendor be require to provide such service in 
 connection with provide material , or ( c ) for service , upon complete the provision of service . 
 notwithstanding the above , delivery and completion shall not be deem to have occur until vendor 
 cause the material and service to strictly conform to the specification and in the case of any cell site , 
 location acceptance have occur . 
 2.14 delivery date or completion date . " delivery date " or " completion date " mean the date on 
 which the party agree vendor be schedule in this agreement or the build 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 addendum or maintenance addendum or as such date may be extend due to an excusable delay , as 
 applicable , to complete its delivery of material and completion of service , as applicable . 
 2.15 documentation . " documentation " mean all documentation include with vendor ’s purchase of 
 vendor provide equipment , include user instruction , training material and , if applicable , the source 
 code for software . 
 2.16 drug screen . " drug screen " mean the testing of any individual for the use of illicit drug ( include 
 opiate , cocaine , cannabinoid , amphetamine , and phencyclidine ( pcp ) ) . 
 2.17 employment claim . " employment claim " mean any claim by any federal , state or local 
 governmental agency or any of vendor ’s current or former applicant , agent , employee or 
 subcontractor , or agent or employee of vendor ’s subcontractor arise out of the employment 
 relationship with vendor , or otherwise with respect to performance under this agreement , include claim , 
 charge and action arise under title vii of the civil right act of 1964 , as amend , the equal pay 
 act , the age discrimination in employment act , as amend , the rehabilitation act , the americans with 
 disability act , as amend , the fair labor standard act , the family and medical leave act , worker ’ 
 compensation law , the national labor relations act and any other applicable law , include any 
 liability , cause of action , lawsuit , penalty , claim , demand or administrative proceeding in which at&t or its 
 affiliate be name as or allege to be an " employer " or " joint employer " with vendor as a result of this 
 agreement . 
 2.18 excusable delay . " excusable delay " mean a delay in vendor ’s performance or obligation with 
 respect to any cell site past any schedule delivery date or completion date ( include any schedule 
 completion date for a milestone , schedule completion date for location acceptance or schedule 
 phase completion date set forth in the build addendum ) that be cause by any of the follow event : ( a ) 
 a force majeure event affect vendor ’s performance with respect to such cell site , subject to section 
 3.12(b); ( b ) a change order that extend a completion date or delivery date with respect to such cell 
 site; ( c ) a permit delay affect such cell site , subject to the process set forth in section 3.3(b); ( d ) 
 at&t ’s failure to deliver the at&t provide equipment ( as such term be define in the build addendum ) 
 within sixty ( 60 ) day prior to the applicable phase completion date for such cell site; ( e ) any material 
 defect , insufficiency , error or deficiency in any at&t provide equipment or other item supply by 
 at&t under this agreement; or ( f ) at&t ’s failure to satisfy any of the at&t task service level 
 agreement within the time period set forth on schedule 14 to the build addendum . upon the 
 occurrence of any of the trigger event set forth in clause ( a ) through ( f ) cause a delay , such delay 
 shall only be an excusable delay for the number of day that such trigger event be in existence and the 
 applicable delivery date or completion date shall be extend on a day - for - day basis for the length of 
 such trigger event . 
 2.19 firstnet authority . " firstnet authority " or " fna " mean the first responder network 
 authority . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 2.20 information . " information " , with respect to a party , mean all confidential , proprietary or trade secret 
 information , include discovery , idea , concept , know - how , technique , process , procedure , 
 design , specification , strategic information , proposal , request for proposal , propose product , 
 drawing , blueprint , tracing , diagram , model , sample , flow chart , datum , computer program , 
 marketing plan , customer information ( include internet activity , history , and/or pattern of use ) , 
 employee personal information , health or financial information , authentication credential , and other 
 technical , financial or business information , whether disclose in writing , orally , or visually , in tangible or 
 intangible form , include in electronic mail or by other electronic communication . 
 2.21 intellectual property right . " intellectual property right " mean all patent ( include all 
 reissue , division , continuation , and extension thereof ) and patent application , trade name , 
 trademark , service mark , logo , trade dress , copyright , trade secret , mask work , right in technology , 
 know - how , right in content ( include performance and synchronization right ) , or other intellectual 
 property right that be in each case protect under the law of any governmental authority have 
 jurisdiction . 
 2.22 item . " item " mean any or all invention , discovery , idea ( whether patentable or not ) , and all 
 work and material , include but not limit to product , device , computer program , source code , 
 design , file , specification , text , drawing , process , datum or other information or documentation in 
 preliminary or final form , and all intellectual property right in or to any of the foregoing . 
 2.23 law . " law " include all federal , state , provincial , regional , territorial and local law , statute , 
 ordinance , regulation , rule , executive order , supervisory requirement , directive , circular , opinion , 
 interpretive letter and other official release of or by any governmental authority . 
 2.24 liability . " liability " mean all loss , damage , expense , cost , penalty , fine and fee , include 
 litigation expense , arise from or incur in connection with a claim or cause of action relate to 
 performance or omission of act under this agreement , include , but not limit to , claim or cause of 
 action bring by third party . 
 2.25 lien . " lien " mean any mortgage , lien , pledge , security interest , charge , claim , restriction or other 
 encumbrance of any nature whatsoever . 
 2.26 litigation expense . " litigation expense " mean any court filing fee , court cost , arbitration fee , and 
 each other fee and cost of investigate or defend an indemnified claim or assert any claim for 
 indemnification or defense under this agreement , include attorney ’s fee , other professional ’ fee , and 
 disbursement . 
 2.27 loss . " loss " mean any liability , loss , claim , demand , suit , cause of action , settlement payment , cost , 
 expense , interest , award , judgment , damage ( include punitive damage ) , fine , fee , penalty , and litigation 
 expense . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 2.28 material . " material " mean all unit of equipment , apparatus , component , tool , supply , material , 
 structure , " as build " drawing , contract right , intellectual property right or documentation , include 
 third party material provide or furnish by vendor , that be contemplate in this agreement , the build 
 addendum and the maintenance addendum ( include all schedule thereto ) , include all such item that 
 be use in connection with the build service ( as such term be define in the build addendum ) provide 
 hereunder or sell or transfer to at&t in connection with the build addendum , include all vendor 
 provide equipment set forth in the build addendum . material shall be deem to include all right to any 
 replacement part , but shall not be deem to include any right to vendor ’s transport network ( other than 
 the right to receive transport service in accordance with the term of the transport agreement ) or any 
 tower or other structure own or lease by vendor ( other than the right set forth in the master license 
 agreement and applicable site license for any vendor cell site or any tower lease for any third party 
 cell site ) . 
 2.29 non - service affect defect . " non - service affect defect " mean any incorrect or incomplete 
 cell site ( or any material , service or deliverable relate thereto ) or defect or issue of or relate to a 
 cell site that be not a service affect defect . 
 2.30 oem . " oem " mean original equipment manufacturer . 
 2.31 permit . " permit " mean all permit , license , franchise , approval , authorization , registration , 
 certificate and variance require to be obtain from any federal , state , local or foreign government or 
 political subdivision thereof , or any agency or instrumentality of such government or political subdivision . 
 2.32 person . " person " mean an individual , corporation , limited liability company , partnership , trust , 
 association , joint venture , unincorporated organization or entity of any kind or nature , or a governmental 
 entity or authority . 
 2.33 physical entry . " physical entry " mean that an individual ( a ) be permit to bodily enter , on an 
 unsupervised ( or badged ) basis , into secured area not available to the general public , or ( b ) be permit 
 on a regular basis to have supervise or escort bodily access into secured area not available to the 
 general public for more than thirty ( 30 ) day in the aggregate annually . 
 2.34 restrict entity . " restrict entity " mean [ ] . 
 2.35 service affect defect . " service affect defect " mean any incorrect or incomplete 
 construction or maintenance by vendor of a cell site ( or any material , service or deliverable relate 
 thereto ) that , if not promptly correct or complete , be reasonably likely to ( i ) be a safety hazard to 
 person have access to a cell site , ( ii ) inhibit proper operation of a cell site or satisfaction of the 
 quality metric or specification and key performance indicator set forth in this agreement , or ( iii ) 
 prevent subsequent work require for " on - air " operation from take place . for the avoidance of doubt , a 
 service affect defect shall not include regular or routine failure of material locate at a cell 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 site that be not a result of the construction or maintenance of such cell site by vendor . 
 2.36 service . " service " mean all of the service contemplate in the build addendum and the 
 maintenance addendum ( and all schedule thereto ) . 
 2.37 software . " software " mean any and all software ( irrespective of whether it be pay - for development ) 
 and firmware in any form ( include source code and object code ) , as well as any documentation , 
 license or otherwise provide by or on behalf of vendor . 
 2.38 specification . " specification " mean ( i ) all of the build out specification set forth in the build 
 addendum ( and all schedule thereto , except as expressly waive by at&t in writing ) , ( ii ) all of the 
 specification set forth in the maintenance addendum ( and all schedule thereto ) with respect to the 
 service contemplate therein , and ( iii ) all applicable oem specification . 
 2.39 subcontractor . " subcontractor " mean any person ( include an agent ) supply labor or material 
 to perform any or all of vendor ’s obligation under this agreement , include any person at any tier of 
 subcontractor , and shall not be limit to those person with a direct relationship with vendor . 
 2.40 suspend a site , suspend or suspension . " suspend a site " , " suspend " or " suspension " mean 
 vendor shall stop work on a cell site and not incur additional cost against the cell site and the 
 completion date be suspend until at&t notifie vendor to resume work or at&t terminate this 
 agreement with respect to such cell site . 
 2.41 system . " system " mean the hardware , operating system and application software , interface , and 
 database that interact with software . 
 2.42 third party loss . " third party loss " mean any loss or liability result from or relate to a claim 
 or cause of action assert by a third party . 
 2.43 vendor indemnify party . " vendor indemnify party " mean vendor and its affiliate , as well 
 as their respective officer , director , employee , representative and agent , individually or collectively , as 
 the case may be , and all of their successor and assign . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 2.44 vendor person . " vendor person " mean any officer , director , employee , representative , agent , 
 contractor or subcontractor of vendor and any officer , director , employee , representative or agent of any 
 vendor contractor or subcontractor . 
 2.45 work . " work " mean all or any portion , as the case may be , of the material , deliverable and service 
 that vendor be supply pursuant to this agreement , include all material , deliverable , service and 
 other work contemplate in the build addendum and maintenance addendum ( and all schedule 
 thereto ) . 
 2.46 writing or write . " writing " or " write " ( whether or not capitalize ) mean a tangible document 
 with an original signature or an electronic transmission of datum pursuant to the electronic datum interchange 
 ( " edi " ) section of this agreement . 
 3.0 general term 
 3.1 affiliate . an affiliate of at&t may transact business under this agreement . reference to " at&t " 
 herein be deem to refer to any person that qualify as an affiliate of at&t under the definition set 
 forth in section 2.1 when such affiliate transact business with vendor under this agreement; provide 
 that at&t mobility llc shall be responsible for any and all obligation of any such affiliate under this 
 agreement . 
 3.2 amendment and waiver . the party may not amend this agreement except by a write agreement 
 of the party that identify itself as an amendment to this agreement or by a change order modify the 
 term or condition of this agreement , which in either case be sign by both party , or as otherwise 
 expressly provide below in this section . no waiver of any right or condition be effective unless give in 
 writing and sign by the party waive such right or condition . no delay or omission by either party to 
 exercise any right or power it have under this agreement shall impair or be construe as a waiver of such 
 right or power . a waiver by any party of any breach , condition or covenant shall not be construe to be a 
 waiver of any succeed breach or condition or of any other covenant . all waiver must be in writing and 
 sign by the party waive its right . 
 3.3 anticipate and actual delay in delivery and performance . 
 ( a ) anticipate delay . upon discovery of information indicate that material and/or service will not be 
 deliver by the schedule delivery date or completion date ( include any schedule completion date for 
 a milestone , schedule completion date for location acceptance or schedule phase completion date set 
 forth in the build addendum ) or other information cause vendor to reasonably anticipate a delay in its 
 performance of its obligation beyond the schedule delivery date or completion date ( collectively , the 
 " delay information " ) , vendor shall promptly notify at&t of such delay information and the estimate length 
 of the anticipated delay . if vendor desire to request an extension of the applicable delivery date or 
 completion date implicate by the delay information , vendor may submit a change request to at&t in 
 accordance with the change management plan . the party shall cooperate and work jointly in good faith 
 toward resolve the delay delivery or completion or adopt the request change order . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( b ) permit delay . vendor shall timely , diligently and continuously pursue and use reasonable good effort to 
 obtain as soon as possible any permit require to be obtain in connection with or in order to perform the 
 work and otherwise fulfill its obligation under this agreement , the build addendum and/or the maintenance 
 addendum , include without limitation request assistance from at&t as appropriate . upon vendor ’s 
 reasonable request for at&t ’s assistance in obtain any such permit , the party agree to cooperate in good 
 faith to obtain such permit . to the extent that vendor ( x ) have timely notify at&t of related delay 
 information contemplate in subsection ( a ) above , ( y ) have comply with this section 3.3(b ) and ( z ) be 
 nevertheless unable to obtain or delay in obtain a require permit which be reasonably likely to result in 
 vendor miss a delivery date or completion date ( a " permit delay " ) , then the party shall cooperate in 
 good faith to extend such delivery date or completion date and such permit delay shall constitute an 
 excusable delay; provide , however that if the party can not agree on a new delivery date or completion 
 date or in the event of a permit delay prevent or delay vendor ’s performance which at&t 
 determine be reasonably likely to cause a material delay of the ultimate delivery date or completion date 
 applicable to a cell site , at&t may elect to , after consultation with vendor and good faith discussion to 
 negotiate another resolution : 
 ( i ) terminate its obligation solely with respect to each cell site affect by or relate to such permitting delay 
 under this agreement and exercise any of the termination remedy set forth in the build addendum , 
 without liability to vendor; provide that at&t shall pay to vendor , an amount equal to the demonstrated 
 cost incur by vendor for any work complete ( in accordance with applicable specification and 
 requirement ) to the extent such work be transfer to at&t as of the effective time of termination of the 
 applicable terminate cell site , which amount shall not exceed [ ] ; or 
 ( ii ) suspend this agreement or any part hereof for the duration of such permit delay ( as such period be 
 reasonably determine by at&t ) solely with respect to any cell site affect by or relate to such 
 permit delay , obtain work elsewhere ( include at&t ’s performance of the work itself ) , at at&t ’s 
 cost and expense ( which shall reduce the structured payment applicable to such cell site by such 
 amount , but in no event shall such reduction cause the structured payment to be less than an amount 
 equal to the demonstrate cost incur by vendor up to the date of suspension ) , and provide notice to 
 vendor when at&t desire for vendor to resume its performance under this agreement for the remain 
 work at such cell site . 
 ( c ) actual delay . except in the case of an excusable delay and subject to any applicable cure period , in the 
 event of any actual delay reasonably attributable to vendor that cause vendor to miss a delivery date or 
 completion date , vendor will provide write notice to at&t and if the condition remain uncured after the 
 expiration of any applicable cure period set forth in this agreement , the build addendum and/or the 
 maintenance addendum , at&t may exercise any remedy available to at&t under this agreement , the 
 build addendum and/or the maintenance addendum , as applicable . 
 3.4 anticorruption law . vendor hereby represent and warrant that the employee , agent , consultant , 
 partner , officer , director , member or representative of vendor and its 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 subcontractor , if any , perform service or other activity under this agreement ( each and any of the 
 forego individual , for the purpose of this section , a " vendor representative " ) shall comply with the us 
 foreign corrupt practice act and all applicable anticorruption law ( include commercial bribery law ) . 
 vendor representative shall not directly or indirectly pay , offer , give , promise to pay or authorize the 
 payment of any portion of the compensation receive in connection with this agreement or any other 
 monie or other thing of value in connection with its performance to a government official , as such term 
 be define below , to obtain or retain business or secure any improper advantage nor shall it permit such 
 action by a third party in connection with this agreement . for purpose of this section , " government 
 official " mean : ( i ) an officer or employee of any government or any department , agency , or 
 instrumentality thereof , include government - own or government - control commercial entities; ( ii ) an 
 officer or employee of a public international organization; ( iii ) any person act in an official capacity for 
 or on behalf of any government or department , agency , or instrumentality or public international 
 organization; ( iv ) any political party or official thereof; ( v ) any candidate for political office; or ( vi ) any 
 other person at the suggestion , request or direction or for the benefit of any of the above - describe 
 person . 
 3.5 assignment and delegation; change of control . 
 ( a ) neither party may assign , delegate , or otherwise transfer any of its duty or obligation under this agreement , 
 voluntarily or involuntarily , without the prior write consent of the other party ( which shall not be 
 unreasonably withhold , condition or delay and which shall be sign by an authorized representative of 
 the party give such consent); provide , however , that without the consent of vendor , at&t may assign its 
 right , or delegate its duty , or both , in whole or in part , to any present or future affiliate of at&t so long as 
 at&t mobility llc shall remain liable for such affiliate ’s failure to satisfy its obligation hereunder . 
 ( b ) each party may assign its right under the agreement , but any assignment of right will be void to the extent 
 that ( i ) the assignment purport to impose upon the non - assigning party additional cost or obligation or 
 require at&t to make payment to any person other than vendor , ( ii ) the assignment purport to preclude 
 at&t from deal solely and directly with vendor in all matter pertain to this agreement , include with 
 respect to payment of structured payment and maintenance fee or ( iii ) the assignee be a restricted entity . 
 ( c ) subject to section 3.5(b ) , in the event that vendor , prior to location acceptance at all cell site and without 
 the prior write consent of at&t , consummate ( i ) any sale , assignment , transfer , license , lease or 
 conveyance of any interest in any cell site or any of the material or service contemplate in this agreement 
 or ( ii ) any change of control of vendor to a restricted entity or to any other person who , in at&t ’s 
 reasonable discretion , lack the financial or operational resource , skill or expertise to fulfill the obligation of 
 vendor contemplate by this agreement , then at&t may terminate this agreement and exercise any other 
 remedy available to at&t under this agreement or at law or equity , include any of its termination 
 remedy set forth in the build addendum . if , follow location acceptance of all cell site , vendor 
 consummate any change of control of vendor to any restricted entity without the prior write consent of 
 at&t , then at&t shall have the right , in its sole 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 discretion , to ( x ) immediately terminate the maintenance addendum without further liability or obligation 
 ( other than payment of maintenance fee for maintenance service perform prior to the date of such 
 termination ) , but not this agreement or the obligation to make the structured payment herein; and/or ( y ) 
 prepay all of the remain structured payment at any time in one lump sum payment without penalty , liability 
 or obligation ( include any " make- whole " obligation or close - out cost ( as such term be define in the 
 build addendum ) ) . 
 ( d ) any assignment , delegation or transfer for which consent be require hereby and which be make without such 
 consent give in writing will be void . no assignment by a party will relieve such party of its obligation under 
 this agreement . 
 3.6 compliance with law . vendor shall comply with all law applicable to vendor ’s performance under 
 this agreement , include all work contemplate herein and all material , service and deliverable 
 provide hereunder , and at&t ’s utilization of the cell site . vendor shall procure all approval , bond , 
 certificate , insurance , inspection , license , and permit that such law require for the performance of 
 this agreement . vendor shall create and maintain any necessary record and provide any certificate , 
 affidavit or other information or documentation request or as otherwise require by at&t : ( a ) to show 
 compliance by vendor and its subcontractor with law , ( b ) to comply or otherwise establish at&t ’s 
 compliance with law or ( c ) to allow at&t to timely respond to any complaint , filing , or other 
 proceeding . 
 3.7 conflict of interest . vendor represent and warrant that , to its knowledge , no officer , director , 
 employee or agent of at&t have be or will be employ , retain or pay a fee , or otherwise have 
 receive or will receive , any personal compensation or consideration , by or from vendor or any of 
 vendor ’s officer , director , employee or agent in connection with the obtaining , arrange or 
 negotiation of this agreement or other document enter into or execute in connection with this 
 agreement . 
 vendor shall not offer or give gratuity in the form of gift , entertainment , concession , or otherwise to 
 at&t or its employee or representative(s ) , or any person relate by blood or marriage to such 
 individual for the express or imply purpose of obtain or secure favorable treatment with respect to 
 this agreement , or in the inspection or acceptance of the service to be perform thereunder . vendor 
 shall not engage in any conduct which will constitute or appear to constitute a conflict of interest between 
 vendor ’s responsibility to at&t under this contract and vendor ’s responsibility to any person , business , 
 or other entity with which vendor may have have any dealing . 
 3.8 construction and interpretation 
 ( a ) this agreement have be prepare jointly and have be the subject of arm ’s length and careful negotiation . 
 each party have be give the opportunity to independently review this agreement with legal counsel and 
 other consultant , and each party have the requisite experience and sophistication to understand , interpret and 
 agree to the particular language of its provision . accordingly , the drafting of this agreement be not to be 
 attribute to either party . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( b ) article , section and paragraph heading contain in this agreement be for reference purpose only and be 
 not to affect the meaning or interpretation of this agreement . the word " include " in every form mean to 
 include without limitation by virtue of enumeration and a derivative of a define term shall have the meaning 
 appropriate to the context of its use . whenever this agreement refer to a consent or approval to be give by 
 either party , unless such consent be expressly require to be give in writing and sign by the party give 
 approval or consent , then such consent or approval be effective if give in an email from the individual 
 identify in section 3.26 or designate by vendor as its project manager pursuant to section 18 of the build 
 addendum . the party agree that time be of the essence with respect to at&t ’s approval right pursuant to 
 this agreement and the build addendum and maintenance addendum and vendor be rely on the timeliness 
 of such approval or consent as set forth herein in order to complete the service . the use of singular word 
 include the plural and vice versa . 
 3.9 cumulative remedy . the right and remedy of the party set forth in this agreement be not 
 exclusive of , but be cumulative to , any right or remedy now or subsequently exist at law , in equity , 
 by statute or otherwise , except in those case where this agreement specify that a particular remedy be 
 sole or exclusive , but neither party may retain the benefit of inconsistent remedy . no single or partial 
 exercise of any right or remedy with respect to one breach of this agreement preclude the simultaneous 
 or subsequent exercise of any other right or remedy with respect to the same or a different breach . 
 3.10 delivery , performance and acceptance 
 ( a ) vendor acknowledge that at&t be responsible for the deployment of the firstnet nationwide public safety 
 broadband network ( the " npsbn " ) in accordance with the term of at&t ’s agreement with the firstnet 
 authority and that at&t have provide certain term of such agreement to vendor but have not provide 
 vendor with a copy of such agreement with the firstnet authority . therefore , vendor understand generally 
 that at&t ’s business require prompt delivery of material and provision of service by the specify delivery 
 date . furthermore , the party agree that date for delivery of material and service be firm subject to any 
 excusable delay , time be of the essence , and , subject to any excusable delay , vendor will complete such 
 delivery in strict conformance with the specification . 
 ( b ) vendor shall perform or cause to be perform testing sufficient to ensure that all of the material and 
 deliverable perform in accordance with the specification , include all of the cell site optimization and 
 testing contemplate by the build addendum . if testing indicate that any of the cell site ( or any of the 
 material or deliverable relate thereto ) do not conform to the specification , then vendor shall notify 
 at&t , in writing , of such non- conformance promptly follow vendor ’s knowledge of such non- 
 conformance . at&t will advise vendor whether vendor should deliver the non - conforming cell site or any 
 of the deliverable or material relate thereto . in the event at&t and vendor agree in a sign writing to 
 deliver non - conforming cell site or any of the deliverable or material relate thereto ( " provisional 
 location acceptance " ) , vendor shall use all commercially reasonable effort promptly to cure any such non- 
 conformance after provisional location acceptance of 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 the non - conforming cell site; provide , however , that if vendor have not cure all such non- conformance with 
 respect to the cell site within nine ( 9 ) month follow provisional location acceptance ( or sixty ( 60 ) day if 
 the non - conformance be cause by the existence of a lien , and in each case subject to an excusable delay ) , 
 then at&t may elect in its sole discretion , to complete any outstanding work , and recoup any cost by an 
 offset against the maintenance fee due to vendor for all cell site . if such non - conforming cell site have not 
 be cure within such nine ( 9 ) month cure period ( or 60 - day cure period in the case of a lien ) , at&t shall 
 have no further obligation to pay any maintenance fee to vendor with respect to such non - conforming cell 
 site until the non - conformance have be cure . provisional location acceptance of any such non - conforming 
 cell site or receipt of any of the deliverable or material relate thereto shall not constitute location 
 acceptance and shall not constitute a waiver of any of at&t ’s right , warranty , or remedy under this 
 agreement or elsewhere , include termination remedy under the build addendum . location acceptance 
 of any such non - conforming cell site shall not occur until all non - conformance have be cured; provide , that 
 at&t shall begin make structured payment for such cell site upon provisional location acceptance in the 
 same manner as if it be location acceptance . 
 ( c ) in no event shall location acceptance be deem to occur absent a sign writing from at&t prior to the 
 date vendor complete its delivery of all material and service in accordance with the specification relate 
 to the cell site as require by the build addendum . 
 ( d ) if at&t advise vendor of , or vendor become aware of a landlord complaint , vendor shall , if necessary , 
 promptly respond to the landlord complaint , shall commence any agree upon correction promptly , and shall 
 diligently pursue the same until completion . 
 ( e ) in addition to the provision set forth in this section , at&t shall be able to exercise any or all remedy 
 available to it under the build addendum and maintenance addendum . 
 3.11 entire agreement . except to the extent otherwise expressly reference herein , include the matter set 
 forth in the transport agreement and the master license agreement , this agreement and all addendum , 
 appendix , exhibit , attachment , schedule and document incorporate herein by reference , constitute 
 the final , complete , and exclusive expression of the party ’ agreement on the matter contain in this 
 agreement . the term of this agreement shall govern in lieu of all other pre - print , standardized or other 
 provision that may otherwise appear in any other paper or electronic record of either party ( such as 
 standard term on order or acknowledgment form , advance shipping notice , invoice , time sheet , and 
 package , shrink wrap term , and click wrap term ) . except to the extent set forth in the transport 
 agreement and the master license agreement , all prior write and oral negotiation and agreement , and 
 all contemporaneous oral negotiation and agreement , between the party on the matter contain in 
 this agreement be expressly merge into and supersede by this agreement . the party do not intend 
 that the provision of this agreement be explain , supplement , or qualify through evidence of trade 
 usage or any prior course of dealing or any course of performance under any prior agreement . in enter 
 into this agreement , neither party have rely upon any statement , estimate , forecast , projection , 
 representation , warranty , action or agreement of the other party except for those expressly contain in 
 this agreement . there be no 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 condition precedent to the effectiveness of this agreement other than any such condition expressly state 
 in this agreement . 
 3.12 force majeure 
 ( a ) except for at&t ’s obligation to make the structured payment and pay the maintenance fee , a party be 
 excuse from perform its obligation under this agreement only if , to the extent that , and for so long as such 
 party ’s performance be actually prevent or delay by act of god or the public enemy , act of civil or 
 military authority , terrorist act , embargo , epidemic , war , riot , insurrection , fire , explosion , 
 earthquake , flood , and weather event that be beyond its reasonable control and could not have be 
 prevent or avoid by its exercise of due diligence and such party give write notice to the other party , as 
 soon as practicable under the circumstance , of the act or event that so prevent such party from perform 
 its obligation ( each , a " force majeure event " ) . after vendor provide write notice to at&t of any force 
 majeure event in accordance with the precede sentence , the party shall extend the applicable delivery 
 date or completion date for the length of such force majeure event and , subject to subsection ( b ) below , 
 such force majeure event shall be an excusable delay . 
 ( b ) if vendor be the party whose performance be prevent or delay by a force majeure event and at&t 
 determine that the force majeure event be reasonably likely to cause a material delay of the ultimate delivery 
 date or completion date for any cell site , then at&t may elect to , after consultation with vendor and good 
 faith discussion to negotiate another resolution : 
 ( i ) terminate its obligation with respect to each cell site affect by or relate to such force majeure event 
 under this agreement and exercise any of the termination remedy set forth in the build addendum , in 
 each case without liability to vendor; provide that at&t shall pay to vendor , an amount equal to 
 demonstrate cost incur by vendor for any work complete ( in accordance with applicable 
 specification and requirement ) to the extent such work be transferable to and usable by at&t as of the 
 effective time of termination of the applicable terminate cell site , which amount shall not exceed [ ] ; 
 or 
 ( ii ) suspend this agreement or any part hereof for the duration of such force majeure event solely with 
 respect to any cell site affect by or relate to such force majeure event , obtain work elsewhere 
 ( include at&t ’s performance of the work itself ) , at at&t ’s cost and expense ( which shall reduce the 
 structure payment applicable to such cell site by such amount , but in no event shall such reduction 
 cause the structured payment to be less than an amount equal to the demonstrate cost incur by 
 vendor up to the date of suspension ) , and provide notice to vendor when at&t desire for vendor to 
 resume its performance under this agreement for the remain work at such cell site . 
 3.13 government contract provision and flow down 
 ( a ) to the extent that vendor ’s performance be require to comply with certain executive order ( include e.o . 
 11246 and e.o . 13201 ) and statute ( include section 503 of the 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 rehabilitation act of 1973 , as amended; the vietnam era veteran ’s readjustment assistance act of 1974; 
 section 8116 of the defense appropriation act for fiscal year 2010 ( pub . l. 111 - 118); and the job for 
 veterans act ) pertain to government contractor , vendor shall : 
 ( i ) comply with such executive order and statute , and their implement regulation , as amend from time 
 to time; and 
 ( ii ) fulfill the obligation of a contractor under the clause incorporate by this section , 
 in each case , to the extent that vendor ’s service be require to comply with such rule and regulation . 
 ( b ) this section incorporate the follow statute and rule : 
 ( i ) " affirmative action for worker with disability " ( at 48 cfr § 52.222 - 36); 
 ( ii ) " employment report on special disabled veteran , veteran of the vietnam era , and other eligible 
 veteran " ( at 48 cfr § 52.222 - 37); 
 ( iii ) " equal employment opportunity " ( at 48 cfr § 52.222 - 26); 
 ( iv ) " equal employment opportunity clause " ( at 41 cfr § 60 - 1.4(a)); 
 ( v ) " equal opportunity for special disabled veteran and veteran of the vietnam era " ( at 41 cfr § 60- 
 250.5); 
 ( vi ) " equal opportunity for disabled veteran , recently separate veteran , other protect veteran , and 
 armed force service medal veteran " ( at 41 cfr § 60- 300.5); 
 ( vii ) " equal opportunity for worker with disability " ( at 41 cfr § 60 - 741.5); 
 ( viii ) " prohibition of segregate facility " ( at 48 cfr § 52.222 - 21); 
 ( ix ) " small business subcontracting plan " ( at 48 cfr § 52.219 - 9); 
 ( x ) " utilization of small business concern " ( at 48 cfr § 52.219 - 8); 
 ( xi ) " whistleblower protection under the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 " ( far 
 52.203 - 15); 
 ( xii ) " american recovery and reinvestment act - report requirement " ( far 52.204- 11); 
 ( xiii ) " gao / ig access " ( far 52.212 - 5(d ) ( alt . ii ) , far 52.214 - 26(c ) ( alt . i ) , far 52.215- 2(d ) ( alt . i)); 
 ( xiv ) " davis - bacon act " ( far 52.222 - 6); 
 ( xv ) " buy american act " ( far 52.225 - 21 , far 52.225 - 22 , far 52.225 - 23 , & far 52.225 - 24); 
 ( xvi ) " whistleblower protection " ( pub . l. no . 111 - 5 , section 1553); 
 ( xvii ) " award term — reporting and registration requirement under section 1512 of the recovery act " ( 2 
 cfr § 176.50); 
 ( xviii ) " gao / ig access " ( pub . l. no . 111 - 5 , section 902 , 1514 and 1515); 
 ( xix ) " award term — wage rate requirement under section 1606 of the recovery act " ( 2 cfr § 176.190); 
 and 
 ( xx ) " buy american requirement " ( 2 cfr § 176.140 , 2 cfr § 176.150 , 2 cfr § 176.160 , 
 & 2 cfr § 176.170 ) . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( c ) vendor agree to comply with all government flow down and contract clause to the extent applicable to 
 vendor ’s performance as specifically require by that certain contract award to an affiliate of at&t by the 
 firstnet authority regard the firstnet nationwide public safety broadband network ( the " firstnet 
 agreement " ) and such government flow down and contract clause that may be applicable be attach 
 to this agreement as exhibit a , the term of which be hereby fully incorporate into the agreement . 
 3.14 governing law . the law of the state of new york ( exclude any law that direct the application of 
 another jurisdiction ’s law ) govern all matter arise out of or relate to this agreement and all of the 
 transaction it contemplate , include its validity , interpretation , construction , performance , and 
 enforcement . 
 3.15 indemnity 
 ( a ) except for covered loss that be exclusively provide for in the section entitle " infringement , " 
 vendor shall indemnify , hold harmless , and defend the at&t indemnify party , in accordance 
 with this section , against any third party loss arise from , or in connection with , or result from , 
 ( i ) any default , violation , breach or nonperformance by vendor or any vendor person of vendor ’s 
 representation , warranty , covenant and obligation under this agreement , the build addendum 
 or the maintenance addendum , ( ii ) the deliverable , material or service furnish by vendor or 
 any vendor person and the use , construction , maintenance , operation or occupancy of any cell site 
 by vendor or any vendor person , ( iii ) the negligent or willful act or omission of vendor and each 
 vendor person with respect to this agreement or ( iv ) employment claim . subject to at&t ’s 
 obligation to reimburse or indemnify vendor as set forth in subsection ( c ) or ( d ) below , respectively , 
 vendor ’s duty to indemnify , hold harmless , and defend the at&t indemnify party against any 
 third party loss extend to any third party loss that may be cause or allege to be cause in 
 part by the negligence of any of the at&t indemnify party to the full extent that such 
 indemnification be permit by applicable law . 
 ( b ) at&t shall promptly notify vendor in writing of any claim , demand , suit , cause of action or legal 
 proceeding that may give rise to a claim against vendor for defense and indemnification under this 
 section 3.15 . if at&t fail to give notice , vendor be still obligate to indemnify , hold harmless and 
 defend the at&t indemnify party , except that vendor be not liable for any litigation expense 
 that at&t incur before the time when notice be give or for any loss or liability to the extent that 
 vendor can show that such delay or failure to provide notice actually and materially prejudice it in 
 defend against such loss or liability . 
 ( c ) vendor shall conduct the defense ( employ one or more competent attorney from a nationally 
 recognize law firm ) , at vendor ’s expense , against any claim , demand , suit or cause of action within 
 the scope of subsection ( a ) above , whether or not litigation be actually commence or the 
 allegation be meritorious and , upon at&t ’s request , keep at&t inform as to the progress of 
 such defense . at its own option and expense , at&t may employ separate counsel , include in- 
 house counsel , to conduct the at&t 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 indemnify party ' defense against such a claim . at&t and vendor shall cooperate in the defense 
 of any such claim . vendor may control the defense and settlement of such a claim , but if the 
 settlement of a claim may have an adverse effect on any of the at&t indemnify party , then 
 vendor shall not settle such claim without the consent of at&t , and at&t shall not unreasonably 
 withhold , condition or delay its consent . to the extent that vendor pay any part of a judgment , 
 award or settlement with respect to the third party loss and any other expense relate to the 
 resolution of the third party loss , include cost , interest , and attorney ’ fee , as a result of 
 be self - insure ( include any deductible ) or as a result of insurance coverage be insufficient 
 to cover the amount of the judgment , award or settlement , upon final resolution of the claim , 
 demand , suit or cause of action , at&t shall reimburse vendor for the pro - rata portion of any such 
 payment base on the at&t indemnify party ' fault relative to vendor ’s fault . 
 ( d ) in addition to at&t ’s obligation to reimburse vendor as set forth in subsection ( c ) above , at&t 
 shall indemnify , hold harmless and defend the vendor indemnify party against any third party 
 loss arise solely from or in connection with , result solely from , or relate solely to ( i ) the 
 at&t provide equipment furnish by at&t or ( ii ) the negligent or intentionally wrongful act or 
 omission of any of the at&t indemnify party under this agreement; in each case in the same 
 manner as set forth in subsection ( b ) and in the first four sentence of subsection ( c ) , with the 
 appropriate change having be make . 
 ( e ) subject to at&t ’s obligation to reimburse or indemnify vendor as set forth in subsection ( c ) and ( d ) 
 above , respectively , vendor shall bring no claim or action for indemnification , contribution , or 
 subrogation against any of the at&t indemnify party nor shall vendor implead any of they in 
 any action bring by another , base on injury to the person or death arise out or relate to 
 vendor ’s performance under this agreement . if , through any such action , vendor ever acquire a 
 lien on a judgment against any of the at&t indemnify party , then vendor shall assign such 
 lien to at&t . vendor waive any immunity from indemnification ( only with respect to the at&t 
 indemnify party ) that vendor may hold , by virtue of vendor ’s compliance with its worker ’ 
 compensation obligation in any jurisdiction , even if such immunity arise under the constitution or 
 statute of such jurisdiction . 
 ( f ) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain in this section , the party intend that any 
 amount for which any of the at&t indemnify party might otherwise have an obligation of 
 reimbursement to vendor for its pro - rata portion pursuant to this section will be net of any 
 insurance proceed or other amount pay by vendor ’s insurance company ( " insurance proceed " ) 
 that actually reduce the amount that vendor be require to pay on account of a third party loss . 
 accordingly , the amount with respect to which at&t be require to reimburse vendor its pro - rata 
 portion will be reduce by any insurance proceed theretofore actually pay on behalf of vendor in 
 respect of the related third party loss . if vendor receive a reimbursement require by this 
 section from at&t in respect of the at&t indemnify party ' pro - rata share 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 of the amount of any third party loss and subsequently receive insurance proceed or the benefit 
 of any payment make for vendor or on its behalf by any insurance company or other entity with 
 respect to such third party loss , then vendor will pay to at&t , within fifteen ( 15 ) day after such 
 receipt of insurance proceed or benefit of any payment , an amount equal to the excess of the 
 reimbursement that vendor receive from at&t over the amount of the reimbursement that would 
 have be due under this section from at&t if the insurance proceed have be receive , realize 
 or recover before the reimbursement be make by at&t . an insurer that would otherwise be 
 obligate to pay any amount as a result of a third party loss shall not be relieve of the 
 responsibility with respect thereto or , by virtue of the indemnification or reimbursement provision 
 hereof , have any subrogation right with respect thereto , it be expressly understand and agree 
 that no insurer or any other third party shall be entitle to a " wind - fall " ( i.e. , a benefit they would 
 not be entitle to receive in the absence of the indemnification provision ) by virtue of the 
 indemnification or reimbursement provision hereof . vendor shall have a good faith obligation to 
 seek , and at&t shall provide its reasonable cooperation to vendor in its effort , to collect or 
 recover any insurance proceed that may in any way be available to reduce the amount of any 
 third party loss . 
 3.16 information 
 ( a ) in connection with this agreement , include vendor ’s performance of its obligation hereunder and at&t ’s 
 receipt of work , either party may find it beneficial to disclose to the other party ( which may include permit 
 or enable the other party ’s access to ) certain of its information . for the purpose of this clause , at&t ’s 
 disclosure of information to vendor include any information that vendor receive , observe , collect , store , 
 or access , in any way , in connection with this agreement and all such information disclose by at&t 
 hereunder shall be and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of at&t . information of a disclosing party 
 shall be deem to be confidential or proprietary only if it be clearly mark or otherwise identify by the 
 disclose party as be confidential or proprietary , provide that if it be orally or visually disclose ( include 
 information convey to an answer machine , voice mail box or similar medium ) , the disclosing party shall 
 designate it as confidential or proprietary at the time of such disclosure , however , failure to do so shall not 
 prevent such information from receive the protection afford to it in this section 3.16 . notwithstanding 
 the foregoing , a disclosing party shall not have any such obligation to so mark or identify , or to so designate , 
 information that the disclosing party disclose to or be otherwise obtain by the other party ’s employee , 
 contractor , or representative ( i ) who be locate on the disclosing party ’s premises; ( ii ) who access the 
 disclose party ’s systems; or ( iii ) who otherwise obtain at&t information and/or at&t customer 
 information in connection with this agreement; any such information so disclose shall automatically be 
 deem to be confidential and proprietary . additionally , the failure to mark or designate information as be 
 confidential or proprietary will not waive the confidentiality where it be reasonably obvious , under the 
 circumstance surround disclosure , that the information be confidential or proprietary; any such information 
 so disclose or obtain shall automatically be deem to be confidential and proprietary . for great 
 certainty , information provide by either party to the other party prior to the effective date of this agreement 
 in connection with a separate 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 non - disclosure agreement ( howsoever denominated ) be also subject to the term of this agreement . neither 
 party shall disclose information under this agreement that include , in any form , any of the follow : customer 
 or employee personal information , credit card and credit relate information , health or financial information , 
 and/or authentication credential , without the express consent of the disclosing party , which consent shall be in 
 writing and sign by the disclosing party . 
 ( b ) with respect to the information of the disclosing party , the receive party shall : 
 ( i ) hold all such information in confidence with the same degree of care with which it protect its own 
 confidential or proprietary information , but with no less than reasonably prudent care; 
 ( ii ) restrict disclosure of such information solely to its and its affiliate ' employee , contractor , director , 
 advisor , finance source and agent with a need to know such information , advise such person of 
 their confidentiality obligation with respect thereto , and ensure that such person be bind by 
 obligation of confidentiality reasonably comparable to those impose in this agreement; 
 ( iii ) use such information only as need to perform its obligation ( and , if at&t be the receive party , to 
 receive the benefit of the work provide ) under this agreement; 
 ( iv ) except as necessary under the immediately precede subsection ( iii ) , not copy , distribute , or otherwise 
 use any such information or allow anyone else to copy , distribute , or otherwise use such information; 
 and ensure that any and all copy bear the same notice or legend , if any , as the originals; and 
 ( v ) upon the disclosing party ’s request , promptly return , or destroy all or any request portion of the 
 information , include tangible and electronic copy , note , summary , extract , mail or other 
 communication , and provide write certification within fifteen ( 15 ) business day to the disclosing 
 party that such information have be return or destroyed; provide , however , that ( i ) the receiving 
 party may retain copy of such document and other tangible embodiment of information as require 
 by applicable law to which the receive party be subject and ( ii ) the receive party shall have no 
 obligation to destroy or delete electronic copy of , or material contain , information that be 
 automatically generate through datum backup and/or archive system and that be not readily 
 accessible by the receive party ’s business personnel . notwithstanding the expiration or termination of 
 this agreement or any return or destruction of information , all information , include without limitation 
 that as may be retain in accordance with the above - reference exception , will continue to be subject 
 to the provision of this section 3.16 for so long as such information remain in the custody or control 
 of the receive party . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( c ) except for customer information , neither party shall have any obligation to the other party with respect to 
 information which : 
 ( i ) at the time of disclosure be already know to the receive party free of any obligation to keep it 
 confidential ( as evidence by the receive party ’s write record prepare prior to such disclosure); 
 ( ii ) be or becomes publicly know through no wrongful act of the receive party ( such obligation cease at 
 the time such information become publicly known); 
 ( iii ) be lawfully receive from a third party , free of any obligation to keep it confidential; 
 ( iv ) be independently develop by the receive party or a third party , as evidence by the receive party ’s 
 write record , and where such development occur without any direct or indirect use of or access 
 to the information receive from the disclosing party , or 
 ( v ) the disclosing party consent in write to be free of restriction . 
 ( d ) if a receive party be require to provide information of a disclosing party to any court or government agency 
 pursuant to a write court order , subpoena , regulatory demand , request under the national labor relation 
 act ( an " nlra request " ) , or process of law , the receive party must , unless prohibit by applicable law , 
 first provide the disclosing party with prompt write notice of such requirement and reasonable cooperation 
 to the disclosing party should it seek protective arrangement for the production of such information . the 
 receive party will ( i ) take reasonable step to limit any such provision of information to the specific 
 information require by such court or agency , and ( ii ) continue to otherwise protect all information disclose 
 in response to such order , subpoena , regulation , nlra request , or process of law . 
 ( e ) a receive party ’s obligation with respect to any particular information of a disclosing party shall remain in 
 effect and survive the expiration or termination of this agreement for a period of five ( 5 ) year thereafter . 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein , customer information and trade secret shall remain 
 confidential indefinitely and shall never be disclose or use without the prior write approval of an 
 authorize representative of at&t . 
 ( f ) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement ( include in this section ) , vendor understand and 
 acknowledge that vendor information relate to installation , operation , repair , or maintenance shall not be 
 consider confidential or proprietary , and at&t may disclose any such information for purpose of 
 installing , operate , repair , replace , remove , and maintain the material . 
 ( g ) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain in this agreement ( include in this section ) , at&t may 
 disclose the existence of this agreement and the firstnet - relate term contain herein and high level 
 confidential information ( exclude fee and specific term and condition ) to relevant employee of the 
 firstnet authority and any state , county , city , or 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 other locality in which the cell site that be to be build in accordance with this agreement and the build 
 addendum will be locate . 
 3.17 infringement 
 ( a ) definition . for purpose of this section : 
 ( i ) " infringement loss " shall mean any liability , loss , claim , demand , suit , cause of action , settlement payment , 
 cost , expense , interest , award , judgment , damage ( include punitive and exemplary damage and 
 increase damage for willful infringement ) , lien , fine , fee , penalty , and litigation expense . 
 ( ii ) " provide element " shall mean any material , service or deliverable or other product , hardware , 
 software , interface , system , content , service , process , method , document , material , datum or 
 information , or any functionality therein , provide to any at&t indemnify party by or on behalf of 
 vendor ( include by any of vendor ’s subcontractor or distributor or any vendor person ) pursuant to 
 this agreement ( include under any addendum , order , statement of work , exhibit , schedule or other 
 document under , subordinate to , or reference this agreement); provide , however , that provide 
 element shall not include any at&t provide equipment . 
 ( b ) obligation . 
 ( i ) vendor shall indemnify , hold harmless , and defend ( which shall include cooperate with at&t as set forth 
 below in the defense of ) each of the at&t indemnify party against any infringement loss or other 
 liability result from , arise out of or relate to any allegation , threat , demand , claim or lawsuit 
 bring by any third party ( " cover claim " ) , regardless of whether such covered claim be 
 meritorious , of : 
 1 . infringement ( include direct , contributory and induced infringement ) of any patent , copyright , 
 trademark , service mark , or other intellectual property right in connection with the provide 
 element , include any covered claim of infringement base on : 
 a. making , repair , receipt , use , importing , sale or disposal ( and offer to do any of the foregoing ) of 
 provide element ( or have other do any of the foregoing , in whole or in part , on behalf of or 
 at the direction of the at&t indemnify party ) , or 
 b. use of provide element in combination with product , hardware , software , interface , system , 
 content , service , process , method , document , material , datum or information not furnish 
 by vendor , include use in the form of the making , having make or use of an apparatus or 
 system , or the making or practice of a process or method unless the function perform by the 
 provide element in such combination be of a type that be neither normal nor reasonably 
 anticipate for such provide element ( a " combination claim”); 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 2 . misappropriation of any trade secret , proprietary or non - public information in connection with the 
 provide elements; 
 any and all such infringement loss or other liability reference in this subsection ( b)(i ) be 
 hereinafter refer to as a " cover loss . " 
 ( ii ) insofar as vendor ’s obligation under subsection ( b)(i ) result from , arise out of , or relate to a cover 
 claim that be a combination claim , vendor shall be liable to pay only its proportionate share of the 
 cover loss associate with such combination claim . the " proportionate share " payable by vendor 
 shall be a portion of the cover loss determine , not at at&t ’s sole discretion , but rather on an 
 objectively fair and equitable basis ( take into account the relevant fact and circumstance and use 
 the same standard that would be apply by a court or other neutral adjudicator under applicable law ) 
 to be attributable to vendor base on the relative materiality of the role play by the applicable 
 provide element in the combination claim . if vendor believe at&t ’s assessment of vendor ’s 
 proportionate share be not fair and equitable , then vendor ’s proportionate share shall be determine , 
 insofar as possible , through good faith negotiation between the parties; provide , however , that a failure 
 of the party to agree on vendor ’s proportionate share shall not relieve vendor of its obligation to pay 
 its proportionate share under this section . vendor shall make payment in satisfaction of its 
 proportionate share obligation whenever such payment become due . in no event shall vendor be 
 liable , with regard to a combination claim , for more than its proportionate share . if the party can not 
 mutually agree on vendor ’s proportionate share within sixty ( 60 ) day of at&t ’s provide vendor 
 with at&t ’s assessment of vendor ’s proportionate share , either party may notify the other party that a 
 dispute have occur , at which point the party shall follow the dispute resolution procedure set forth in 
 section 4.8 ( " dispute resolution " ) , provide that in preparation for the escalation set forth in section 
 4.8(a ) , vendor shall notify at&t in writing of the percentage which vendor believe , in good faith , 
 constitute vendor ’s proportionate share ( " vendor ’s minimum share " ) . if arbitration be invoke under 
 section 4.8(b ) , all arbitrator shall be qualify by education , training , and experience in both the 
 intellectual property law ( e.g. , patent law ) and the technology relevant to any dispute under this section . 
 throughout the course of attempt to resolve the dispute , vendor shall continue to pay vendor ’s 
 minimum share to at&t as such payment become due . when vendor ’s proportionate share be finally 
 determine ( either through escalation or arbitration , as the case may be ) ( " determine proportionate 
 share " ) , there shall be a true - up and vendor shall promptly pay to at&t the aggregate amount of past 
 underpayment ( i.e. , the difference between monie previously due compute at the determined 
 proportionate share , minus those amount that vendor have actually pay to at&t ) , if any . thereafter , 
 vendor shall promptly pay its determined proportionate share . ( in the event that the determine 
 proportionate share be less than the vendor ’s minimum share , at&t shall refund to vendor any past 
 overpayment . ) in no event shall at&t ’s acceptance of payment compute at vendor ’s minimum 
 share prejudice or waive any of at&t ’s right under this agreement . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( iii ) at&t shall have sole control over the defense of ( 1 ) any combination claim and ( 2 ) any other cover 
 claim that involve vendor and one or more other supplier of at&t or its affiliate ( ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) be 
 hereinafter refer to separately and collectively as a " compound claim " ) . vendor shall cooperate 
 with at&t to facilitate the defense and may , at its option and at its own expense , participate with 
 at&t in the defense with counsel of its own choosing . where at&t control the defense under this 
 subsection ( b)(iii ) , at&t shall make good faith effort to enter into a reasonable joint defense or 
 common interest agreement with vendor . 
 ( iv ) insofar as vendor ’s obligation under subsection ( b)(i ) result from , arise out of , or relate to a cover 
 claim other than a compound claim , vendor shall have the discretion , but not the obligation , to control 
 the defense of the covered claim . in the event that vendor control the defense of the covered claim , 
 vendor shall retain as its lead counsel , subject to at&t ’s approval ( which shall not be withhold , 
 condition or delay except for reason of apparent or actual conflict of interest ) , one or more 
 competent attorney from a nationally recognize law firm who have significant experience in litigate 
 intellectual property claim of the type at issue , and the at&t indemnify party may , at their option 
 and sole expense , participate with vendor in the defense of such covered claim . 
 ( v ) at&t shall notify vendor promptly of any cover claim; provide , however , that any delay in such 
 notice shall not relieve vendor of its obligation under this section , except insofar as vendor can show 
 that such delay actually and materially prejudiced vendor . 
 ( vi ) in no event shall vendor settle , without at&t ’s prior write consent , any covered claim , in whole or in 
 part , in a manner that would require any at&t indemnify party to discontinue or materially modify its 
 product or service ( or offering thereof ) . in no event shall vendor enter into any agreement relate to 
 any covered claim or to the intellectual property right assert therein that discharge or mitigate 
 vendor ’s liability to the third - party claimant but fail to fully discharge all of at&t ’s liability as to the 
 cover loss . 
 ( c ) continue use of provide element upon injunction . without in any manner limit the foregoing 
 indemnification , if , as a result of a covered claim , ( i ) the at&t indemnify party ’ right under this 
 agreement be restrict or diminish , or ( ii ) an injunction , exclusion order , or other order from a court , 
 arbitrator or other competent tribunal or governmental authority prevent or restrict the at&t 
 indemnify party ' use or enjoyment of the provide element be issue , imminent , or reasonably likely to be 
 issue , then , in addition to its other obligation set forth in this section , vendor , in any case at its sole expense 
 ( or , in the case of a combination claim , at its fairly and equitably apportion expense ) and at no loss , cost 
 or damage to the at&t indemnify party or their customer , shall use commercially reasonable effort to 
 obtain for the at&t indemnify party the right to continue use or conduct other activity with respect 
 to the provide element ( or , in the case of a combination claim , shall use commercially reasonable effort , 
 in cooperation as reasonably need with other interested party , to obtain for the at&t indemnify party 
 the right to continue use or conduct other activity with respect to the provide element in the 
 combination at issue); provide that if vendor be unable to obtain such right , then vendor 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 shall , after consult with and obtain the write approval of the at&t indemnify party , provide 
 modify or replacement non - infringing provide element that be ( or , in the case of a combination claim , 
 shall use commercially reasonable effort , in cooperation as reasonably need with other interested party , 
 to provide a modified or replacement non- infringe combination , with the provide element be modify 
 or replace as need therein , that be ) equally suitable and functionally equivalent while retain the quality of 
 the original provide element and comply fully with all the representation and warranty set forth in this 
 agreement and all specifications; provide far that if vendor be unable in this way to provide such 
 modified or replacement non - infringing provide element , then at&t shall have the right , at its option and 
 without prejudice to any other right or remedy that at&t have in contract , law or equity : ( 1 ) to exercise any 
 of the termination remedy set forth in the build addendum and to terminate at&t ’s obligation under this 
 agreement with respect to the impact cell site and receive a reduction in the maintenance fee with 
 respect to such cell site(s ) , and/or ( 2 ) to require vendor , as applicable , to remove , accept return of , or 
 discontinue the provision of the provide element , to refund to at&t the purchase price thereof or other 
 monie pay therefor ( subject , in the case of provide element other than service , to reduction base on the 
 amount of depreciation or amortization over the useful life of the provide element at issue ) , and to reimburse 
 at&t for any and all reasonable out - of- pocket expense of remove , return or discontinue such 
 provide element . 
 ( d ) elimination of charge . after at&t cease , as a result of actual or claim infringement or 
 misappropriation , to exercise the right grant under this agreement with respect to the provide element , 
 at&t have no obligation to pay vendor any structured payment or maintenance fee that would otherwise 
 be due under this agreement for such right . 
 ( e ) exception . vendor shall have no liability or obligation to any of the at&t indemnify party for that 
 portion of a cover loss which be base on ( and only to the extent such portion be base on ): 
 ( i ) use of the provide element by the at&t indemnify party in a manner that constitute a material 
 breach of this agreement; or 
 ( ii ) an unauthorized modification of the provide element by an at&t indemnify party; or 
 ( iii ) vendor ’s conformance to the at&t indemnify party ’s write specification , unless any one or more of 
 the following be true : 
 1 . there be a technically feasible non - infringing mean of comply with those specification , unless 
 vendor can show that , at the time of such compliance , such non- infringe mean would have be 
 cost - prohibitive ( whether on an individual cell site basis , or across multiple cell site as set forth in 
 the build addendum); or 
 2 . the relevant specification be design to bring the provide element into compliance with , or have 
 the provide element conform to , an industry standard , which standard be promulgate by a generally 
 recognize industry standard - set body and which standard be not require for compliance with an 
 applicable law , ordinance , regulation , 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 or build code govern the manner in which cell site may lawfully be constructed; or 
 3 . product , service , or other item that substantially meet such write specification , and that in other 
 respect be substantially similar to the provide element be typically provide by or on behalf of 
 vendor to third party in connection with service substantially similar to those provide herein; or 
 4 . the relevant specification for the provide element be of vendor ’s ( or one or more of its sub- 
 supplier ' ) origin , design , or selection . 
 ( f ) other limitation of liability not applicable . notwithstanding any 
 other provision in this agreement to the contrary ( and whether or 
 not such a provision contain language to the effect that the 
 provision take precedence over other provision contrary to it ) , 
 whether express or imply , none of the limitation of liability 
 ( include any limitation regard type of or amount of damage 
 or liability ) contain anywhere in this agreement will apply to 
 vendor ’s obligation under this section . 
 3.18 insurance 
 ( a ) with respect to vendor ’s performance under this agreement , and in addition to vendor ’s obligation to 
 indemnify , vendor shall at its sole cost and expense : 
 ( i ) maintain the insurance coverage and limit require by this section and any additional insurance and/or 
 bond require by law : 
 1 . at all time during the term of this agreement and until completion of all work associate with this 
 agreement , whichever be later; and 
 2 . with respect to any coverage maintain in a " claim - make " policy , for two ( 2 ) year follow the 
 term of this agreement or completion of all work associate with this agreement , whichever be later . 
 if a " claim - make " policy be maintain , the retroactive date must precede the commencement of 
 work under this agreement; 
 ( ii ) require each subcontractor who may perform work under this agreement or enter upon any cell site to 
 maintain coverage , requirement , and limit at least as broad as those list in this section , when 
 prorate for the value of the work to be perform by such subcontractor from the time when the 
 subcontractor begin work , throughout the term of the subcontractor ’s work and , with respect to any 
 coverage maintain on a " claim make " policy , if any , for two ( 2 ) year thereafter; 
 ( iii ) procure the require insurance from an insurance company eligible to do business in the state or state 
 where work will be perform and have and maintain a financial strength rating of " a- " or well 
 and a financial size category of " vii " or well , as rat in the a.m. good key rating guide for 
 property and casualty insurance company , except that , in the case of worker ’ compensation 
 insurance , vendor may procure insurance from the state fund of the state where work be to be 
 performed; and 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( iv ) if request , provide to at&t or at&t ’s third party administrator certificate of insurance state the 
 type of insurance and policy limit . vendor shall provide or have the issue insurance company provide 
 at least thirty ( 30 ) day ' advance write notice of cancellation , non - renewal , or reduction in insurance 
 coverage , term , or limit . 
 ( b ) the party agree that : 
 ( i ) the failure of at&t to request such certificate of insurance or failure of at&t to identify a deficiency will 
 not be construe as a waiver of vendor ’s obligation to maintain the insurance require under this 
 agreement; 
 ( ii ) the insurance require under this agreement do not represent that coverage and limit will necessarily be 
 adequate to protect vendor , nor shall it be deem as a limitation on vendor ’s liability to at&t in this 
 agreement; 
 ( iii ) vendor may meet the require insurance coverage and limit below with any combination of primary and 
 umbrella / excess liability insurance; and 
 ( iv ) vendor be responsible for any deductible or self - insure retention . 
 ( c ) the insurance coverage require by this section include : 
 ( i ) worker ’ compensation insurance with benefit afford under the law of any state in which the work 
 be to be perform and employer liability insurance with limit of at least : 
 500,000 for bodily injury – each accident 
 500,000 for bodily injury by disease – policy limit 
 500,000 for bodily injury by disease – each employee 
 to the full extent allowable by law , the policy must include a waiver of subrogation in favor of 
 at&t , its affiliate , and their director , officer and employee . in state where worker ’ 
 compensation insurance be a monopolistic state - run system , vendor shall add stop gap employer 
 liability with limit not less than 500,000 each accident or disease . 
 ( ii ) commercial general liability insurance write on insurance service office ( iso ) form cg 00 01 
 12 04 or a substitute form provide equivalent coverage , cover liability arise from premise , 
 operation , personal injury , product / complete operation , and liability assume under an insure 
 contract ( include the tort liability of another assume in a business contract ) with limit of at least : 
 2,000,000 general aggregate limit 
 1,000,000 each occurrence limit for all bodily injury or property damage incur in any one ( 1 ) 
 occurrence 
 1,000,000 each occurrence limit for personal injury and advertising injury 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 1,000,000 each occurrence limit for product / complete operation 
 if applicable , vendor will maintain product / complete operation for at least two ( 2 ) year follow 
 completion of the work . 
 the commercial general liability insurance policy must : 
 1 . include at&t , its affiliate , and their director , officer , and employee as additional insured . 
 vendor shall provide a copy of the additional insured endorsement to at&t . the additional 
 insure endorsement may either be specific to at&t or may be " blanket " or " automatic " 
 address any person as require by contract . a copy of the additional insure endorsement 
 must be provide within sixty ( 60 ) day of execution of this agreement and within sixty ( 60 ) day 
 of each commercial general liability policy renewal; 
 2 . include a waiver of subrogation in favor of at&t , its affiliate , and their director , officer and 
 employees; and 
 3 . be primary and non - contributory with respect to any insurance or self - insurance that be maintain 
 by at&t . 
 ( iii ) property insurance with limit sufficient to cover the full replacement cost of all of the cell site against 
 direct and indirect loss or damage by fire and all other casualty and risk cover under " all risk " 
 insurance respect the tower and other improvement locate at the cell site(s ) . 
 ( iv ) business automobile liability insurance if vehicle will be use in the performance of the agreement 
 with limit of at least 1,000,000 each accident for bodily injury and property damage , extend to all 
 own , hire , and non - own vehicle . at&t , its affiliate and their director , officer and 
 employee shall be include as additional insured on a primary and non - contributory basis . 
 ( v ) umbrella / excess liability insurance with limit of at least 10,000,000 each occurrence , claim or 
 wrongful act with term and condition at least as broad as the underlie commercial general 
 liability , business automobile liability , and employer liability policy . umbrella / excess liability 
 limit will be primary and non - contributory with respect to any insurance or self - insurance that be 
 maintain by at&t . 
 ( vi ) professional liability ( error & omission ) insurance with limit of at least 5,000,000 each claim or 
 wrongful act . 
 ( vii ) explosion , collapse , and underground damage liability must not be exclude from the 
 commercial general liability policy for any work involve explosive or any underground work . 
 explosion , collapse , and underground damage liability will have the same limit requirement as the 
 commercial general liability policy . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( viii ) to the extent that vendor utilize drone , aircraft liability insurance cover drone and similar 
 device , with limit of one million and no/100 dollar ( 1,000,000.00 ) combine single limit for 
 bodily injury and property damage and provide coverage on a worldwide basis and include 
 commercial use and hire operation . 
 3.19 invoicing and payment 
 ( a ) promptly after location acceptance , vendor will render an invoice in duplicate to at&t with respect to the 
 applicable cell site . such invoice for such cell site shall be consistent with the at&t purchase order and 
 detail the material , deliverable and service provide for such cell site . the vendor invoice must specify in 
 detail , if applicable , ( i ) quantity of each item of material , deliverable , and service , ( ii ) price of each item of 
 material , deliverable , and service , ( iii ) whether the item be taxable and the amount of tax per item , ( iv ) total 
 amount for each item , ( v ) total amount of applicable sale or use taxis , ( vi ) discount , if any , ( vii ) shipping 
 charge , if any , ( viii ) total amount due , ( ix ) remit to address , ( x ) description of material , deliverable , and 
 service , and ( xi ) special service charge , if any . each invoice shall specifically reference that the invoice will 
 be pay in accordance with the term set forth in this agreement and all payment for amount due on such 
 invoice for material , deliverable , and service provide under the build addendum will be make in 
 accordance with the structured payment schedule attach as schedule 3 to the build addendum . at&t 
 will promptly review such invoice and , unless at&t dispute in good faith the amount set forth therein , will 
 promptly acknowledge that the structured payment set forth therein be due in accordance with the term of 
 this agreement and the build addendum . in the event that at&t dispute in good faith any amount set forth 
 in any such invoice , at&t shall give write notice of such dispute amount to vendor prior to the due date 
 of the first structure payment set forth in such invoice . vendor will provide a payment request to at&t on a 
 monthly basis on the first day of each calendar month for the structured payment set forth in the build 
 addendum and the maintenance fee set forth in the maintenance addendum , in each case as provide in 
 the respective addendum . at&t shall pay vendor no later than sixty ( 60 ) day after receipt of such monthly 
 payment request for structured payment . at&t shall pay , or provide a write notice of any good faith 
 dispute to , vendor no later than ninety ( 90 ) day after receipt of an invoice for maintenance fee . any 
 dispute of an invoice for maintenance fee shall be make by at&t in good faith and shall set forth in write 
 a detailed description of the dispute amount and the reason for such dispute . notwithstanding any good 
 faith dispute , at&t shall pay all undisputed amount in full to vendor no later than the due date for such 
 invoice . invoice receive by at&t more than one ( 1 ) year after the delivery of material and deliverable or 
 the provision of service be untimely and at&t have no obligation to pay such invoice . 
 ( b ) vendor shall pay any amount due to at&t or its affiliate within sixty ( 60 ) day after write demand or 
 invoice by at&t . 
 ( c ) vendor agree to accept standard , commercial method of payment and evidence of payment obligation , 
 include , but not limit to , credit card payment , purchase card payment , at&t ’s purchase order , and 
 electronic fund transfer , in connection with any amount owe by at&t hereunder . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 3.20 license and patent . except as provide in section 3.29 , no license , express or imply , be grant 
 under this agreement to vendor for any patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or any other intellectual 
 property or application therefor which be now or may hereafter be own by at&t or its affiliate . 
 3.21 limitation of damage . notwithstanding anything contain in this agreement to the contrary , neither 
 party shall be liable to the other party for any special , consequential , incidental or punitive damage , 
 however cause , base on any theory of liability except to the extent such damage be payable by such 
 party ( a ) pursuant to its indemnification obligation under section 3.15 and infringement indemnification 
 obligation under section 3.17 , ( b ) arise out of or result from such party ’s breach of its confidentiality 
 obligation set forth in this agreement ( include section 3.16 , section 3.48 , section 4.2 and exhibit a 
 attach hereto ) or ( c ) in connection with a third party loss arise out of or result from such party ’s 
 violation of applicable law . 
 3.22 offset right . any amount payable ( include any recoupment claim or other amount to be 
 reimburse ) by vendor or its affiliate to at&t or its affiliate under this agreement ( include under the 
 build addendum or the maintenance addendum ) may be offset against the maintenance fee or any 
 payment due or to become due to vendor or its affiliate from at&t or its affiliate under the transport 
 agreement , master license agreement; provide , however , that at&t ’s offset right under this section 
 3.22 shall not apply to any structured payment for any cell site that have reach location acceptance 
 and at&t hereby waive all such right of setoff and recoupment against such structured payment . prior 
 to exercise its right to offset amount pursuant to this section 3.22 , at&t shall provide write notice to 
 vendor of its intention to offset such amount and to the extent any dispute between the party exist in 
 respect of the amount to be offset , at&t must first utilize the escalation procedure in section 4.8(a ) . 
 3.23 material and service furnish by vendor and at&t . vendor shall furnish all service , include 
 individual to provide field and administrative support , and vendor shall furnish all material require to 
 perform the work , except those item specifically list in this agreement , the build addendum or the 
 maintenance addendum to be furnish by at&t . any material provide by at&t shall remain at&t ’s 
 material and shall be use only in connection with work under this agreement . vendor shall protect and 
 preserve at&t ’s material and shall promptly return at the end of contract work , at vendor ’s expense , 
 any material not use , unless at&t instruct vendor otherwise in writing . at&t shall receive full title and 
 ownership right to all material furnish by vendor relate to any cell site upon location acceptance of 
 such cell site . 
 3.24 non - exclusive market . other than with respect to the cell site expressly contemplate in the build 
 addendum , this agreement do not grant vendor any right or privilege to provide to at&t any work of 
 the type describe in or purchase under this agreement in any market or geographic area . except for 
 obligation arise under the build addendum or the maintenance addendum and any work order or 
 trouble ticket thereunder that have not be terminate as provide herein , this agreement do not 
 obligate at&t to purchase or license any such work from vendor . at&t may contract with other 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 manufacturer and vendor for the procurement or trial of work comparable to that describe in or 
 purchase under this agreement for site other than the cell site expressly contemplate in the build 
 addendum , and at&t may itself perform such work . 
 3.25 notice of certain event . vendor shall promptly notify at&t of any of the following which be 
 connect with any deliverable : ( a ) any material investigation , indictment , lawsuit , or administrative or 
 other proceeding , or ( b ) the revocation of any license , permit or other document issue to vendor by any 
 governmental authority necessary for vendor to complete its obligation as set forth herein . prior to 
 location acceptance of all cell site pursuant to the build addendum , vendor must notify at&t 
 immediately ( and in any event within three ( 3 ) business day ) in writing , if it breach ( or be give write 
 notice of an allege breach or prospective breach of ) a material covenant in any material financial or 
 material operational arrangement of vendor . follow location acceptance of all cell site pursuant to 
 the build addendum , vendor must notify at&t immediately ( and in any event within three ( 3 ) business 
 day ) in writing , if it breach ( or be give write notice of an allege breach or prospective breach of ) a 
 material covenant in any material financial or material operational arrangement of vendor that could 
 reasonably be expect to adversely impact vendor ’s ability to perform its obligation under this 
 agreement . 
 3.26 notice 
 ( a ) each party give or make any notice , consent , request , demand , or other communication ( each , a " notice " ) 
 pursuant to this agreement must give the notice in writing and use one of the follow method , each of 
 which for purpose of this agreement be a writing : certify mail ( return receipt request and postage 
 prepaid); u s postal service overnight or priority mail; internationally recognize overnight courier ( in either 
 prepaid); u.s . postal service overnight or priority mail; internationally recognize overnight courier ( in either 
 case with all fee prepaid); or email . if a notice be give by e - mail , then it must be confirm by a copy send 
 by any one of the other method . each party give a notice shall address the notice to the appropriate 
 person ( the " addressee " ) at the receive party at the address list below : 
 commnet : 
 commnet wireless , llc 
 400 northridge road , suite 31100 
 atlanta , ga 30350 attn : joseph moravec 
 email address : jmoravecatni.com 
 business number : 404 - 649 - 6625 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 commnet wireless , llc c / o atn international , inc . 
 500 cumming center , suite 2450 
 beverly , ma 01915 attn : general counsel 
 email address : legalnoticesatni.com 
 business number : ( 978 ) 619 - 1323 
 at&t : 
 at&t mobility llc 
 1025 lenox park blvd 
 atlanta , ga 30319 
 attn : kurt dresch , director - global connection management 
 email : kurt.dreschatt.com 
 and 
 at&t mobility llc 
 2180 lake blvd . ne 
 b1260 
 atlanta , ga 30319 
 attn : anu seam , assistant vice president and senior legal counsel 
 email address : anu.seamatt.com 
 with a require copy to : 
 kilpatrick townsend & stockton llp 
 1100 peachtree street ne , suite 2800 
 atlanta , georgia 30309 
 attention : s. joel cartee 
 telephone : ( 404 ) 815 - 5909 
 facsimile : ( 404 ) 541 - 3238 
 e - mail : jcarteekilpatricktownsend.com 
 ( b ) a notice be effective only if the party give notice have comply with the foregoing requirement of this section 
 and the addressee have receive the notice . a notice be deem to have be receive as follow : 
 ( i ) if a notice be send by certify mail , u.s . postal service overnight or priority mail , or internationally 
 recognize overnight courier , upon the date of delivery as indicate by the receipt or other tracking 
 record; 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( ii ) if a notice be send by e - mail , upon successful transmission to the recipient ’s email account , if such notice be 
 send in time to allow it to be accessible by the addressee before the time allow for give such notice 
 expire , and a confirmation copy be send by one of the other method . 
 ( c ) the address and telephone number to which notice may be give to the addressee of either party may 
 be change by write notice give by such party to the other pursuant to this section . 
 3.27 offshore work prohibit . none of the service under this agreement shall be perform or 
 provide and no information relate to this agreement shall be collect , store , handle or access by 
 vendor or its subcontractor at any location outside of the united states . additionally , vendor shall not 
 allow any of the service under this agreement to be perform or provide by any restricted entity and 
 any service perform or provide by a subcontractor shall be subject to vendor ’s compliance with the 
 requirement of the section entitle " work do by other " . 
 3.28 order of precedence . the term of this agreement govern all work to be perform by vendor while 
 this agreement remain in effect . this agreement shall govern in lieu of all other pre - printed or 
 standardize provision that may otherwise appear in any other paper or electronic record of either party 
 ( such as standard term on order or acknowledgment form , advance shipping notice , invoice , time 
 sheet , and package , shrink wrap term , and click wrap term ) . 
 in the event of a conflict between the term of the body portion of this agreement and any of the 
 addendum , exhibit , schedule or appendix attach hereto , the order of precedence for control 
 clause shall be as follow : ( a ) government flow down and contract clause attach to this 
 agreement as exhibit a; ( b ) the build addendum or maintenance addendum , as applicable; and ( c ) the 
 remain provision of this agreement . 
 3.29 ownership of pay - for development , use and reservation of right 
 ( a ) pay - for development . at&t shall be the exclusive owner of all right , title , and interest in and to all paid- 
 for development ( define below ) , include , without limitation , all intellectual property right therein and 
 thereto . vendor shall assign or have assign to at&t and hereby assign to at&t all intellectual property 
 right in and to the pay - for development . " paid- for development " shall mean any and all item to the 
 extent produce or develop by or on behalf of vendor or its employee , agent , or direct or indirect 
 contractor or supplier ( and whether complete or in - progress ) , and form part of any deliverable , 
 material or service pursuant to this agreement ( include , without limitation , under the build addendum , 
 maintenance addendum or any statement of work , exhibit , schedule , order or other document under , 
 subordinate to , or reference this agreement ) for which at&t have be or will be charge structured 
 payment , maintenance fee or any monie in connection with a change order . pay - for development shall 
 always include ( without limitation ) any modification , alteration or update that fall within the definition of 
 pay - for development but shall not 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 include any item produce by vendor for its own use in connection with performance of the service and for 
 which at&t have not be charge . 
 ( b ) license grant to at&t . vendor hereby grant and promise to grant and have grant to at&t and its 
 affiliate a royalty - free , nonexclusive , sublicensable , assignable , transferable , irrevocable , perpetual , world- 
 wide license in and to any applicable intellectual property right of vendor to use , copy , modify , distribute , 
 display , perform , import , make , sell , offer to sell , and exploit ( and have other do any of the foregoing on or 
 for at&t ’s or any of its customer ' behalf or benefit ) any intellectual property right of vendor or any third 
 party that be not include in material or pay - for development but necessary to operate the cell site or 
 receive the full benefit of the work . 
 ( c ) further act and obligation . vendor will take or secure such action ( include , but not limit to , the 
 execution , acknowledgment , delivery and assistance in preparation of document or the giving of testimony ) as 
 may be reasonably request by at&t to evidence , transfer , perfect , vest or confirm at&t ’s right , title and 
 interest in any pay - for development . vendor shall , in all event and without the need of at&t ’s request , 
 secure all intellectual property right in any pay - for development ( and any license specify above ) from 
 each employee , agent , subcontractor or sub - contractor of vendor who have or will have any right in the paid- 
 for development or intellectual property right . 
 ( d ) reservation of right and limited license . notwithstanding any other provision in this agreement , 
 at&t be not transfer or grant to vendor any right , title , or interest in or to ( or grant to vendor any 
 license or other permission in or to ) any or all : ( i ) item create by or on behalf of at&t or directly or 
 indirectly provide to vendor ( in any form , include , without limitation , verbally ) by or on behalf of at&t or 
 its third party provider , include the at&t provide equipment ( as such term be define in the build 
 addendum ) ( " at&t provide items”); ( ii ) pay - for development or ( iii ) intellectual property right , 
 include , without limitation , any intellectual property right in or to any at&t provide item or paid- for 
 development . the sole exception to the foregoing reservation of right be that at&t hereby grant vendor a 
 limited , nonexclusive , non - transferable license ( that shall automatically terminate upon the termination or 
 expiration of this agreement ) , under any right own by at&t , to use the at&t provide item and paid- 
 for development solely as instruct by at&t and to the extent necessary for vendor to perform its 
 obligation under this agreement , subject far to the term and condition of this agreement . in no way 
 expand the forego license , say license in no manner permit vendor to ( and vendor hereby promise not 
 to without the explicit prior write and sign consent of at&t intellectual property , llc ( " attip 
 consent " ) ) make use of any at&t provide item , paid- for development or at&t intellectual property 
 right either for the benefit of any third party or other than as instruct in writing by at&t ( at&t may be 
 willing , in its sole discretion , to grant attip consent in exchange for appropriate additional compensation ) . 
 pay - for development and at&t provide item shall constitute at&t information under this agreement . 
 3.30 publicity . other than use of at&t ’s name in connection with permit application , vendor shall not use 
 at&t ’s or its affiliate ' name , trademark , service mark , design , 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 logo or symbol . in addition , vendor shall not use any language or picture which could in at&t ’s 
 judgment imply at&t ’s or its affiliate ' identity , or endorsement by at&t , its affiliate or any of its or 
 their employee , in any ( i ) write , electronic , or oral advertising or presentation , or sale meeting , or ( ii ) 
 brochure , newsletter , book , electronic database , testimonial quotation , thank you letter , reference letter or 
 other communication of whatever nature , without prior write attip consent . 
 vendor and its employee , agent , and subcontractor shall refer any question from the medium or third 
 party regard the work to at&t and shall not discuss the work with the medium or third party , 
 without the prior write attip consent . for the purpose of clarity , any disclosure of the existence of this 
 agreement or the work by vendor as require by law , include the regulation of the security and 
 exchange commission , shall not be a violation of this section; provide that , prior to any such disclosure 
 be make in the first instance , vendor shall give at&t a reasonable opportunity to review and comment 
 thereon ( include any press release ) . to the extent that any disclosure require to be make by vendor to 
 the security and exchange commission have be previously review by at&t , then vendor shall not 
 be require to provide at&t with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon prior to such 
 disclosure be make thereafter so long as no substantive change have be make thereto . a breach of 
 this " publicity " section shall be deem a material breach of this agreement . 
 3.31 record and audit 
 ( a ) vendor shall maintain complete and accurate record relate to the work and the performance of this 
 agreement . at&t and its auditor ( include internal audit staff and external auditor ) and governmental 
 authority shall have the right to review such record ( " at&t audit " ) hold and create by vendor , to verify 
 the following : 
 ( i ) the accuracy of vendor ’s invoice and at&t ’s payment obligation hereunder; 
 ( ii ) that the work charge for be actually performed; 
 ( iii ) that the service have be and be be provide in accordance with this agreement; 
 ( iv ) the integrity of vendor ’s system that process , store , support , maintain , and transmit at&t data; 
 ( v ) vendor ’s record relate to the performance of vendor ’s subcontractor with respect to any portion of 
 the services; and 
 ( vi ) that vendor and its subcontractor be comply with section 3.6 hereof . 
 when the firstnet authority or other governmental authority request to review vendor ’s record , at&t and 
 its auditor will review these record first if the firstnet authority or other governmental authority permit 
 such review , and provide the record to the request governmental authority; provide , however , the 
 firstnet authority and other governmental authority retain the right to perform audits independent of at&t . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( b ) subject to subsection ( g ) below , vendor shall provide and shall require that its subcontractor provide to 
 at&t , its auditor ( include internal audit staff and external auditor ) , and governmental authority access at 
 all reasonable time to : 
 ( i ) any facility at which the service or any portion thereof be be performed; 
 ( ii ) system and asset use to provide the service or any portion thereof; 
 ( iii ) vendor employee and subcontractor employee provide the service or any portion thereof; and 
 ( iv ) all vendor and subcontractor record , include financial record relate to the invoice and payment 
 obligation and support documentation , pertain to the service . 
 the scope of at&t audits shall also include : 
 ( i ) practice and procedure use in perform the services; 
 ( ii ) system , communication and information technology use in perform the services; 
 ( iii ) general control and security practice and procedures; 
 ( iv ) support information and calculation regard invoice and compliance with service requirements; 
 ( v ) quality initiative and quality assurance; and 
 ( vi ) compliance with the term of this agreement . 
 at&t ’s access to the record and other support documentation shall include the right to inspect and 
 photocopy vendor ’s documentation and the documentation of its subcontractor as provide to vendor , and 
 the right to retain copy thereof outside of their physical location with appropriate safeguard , if such retention 
 be deem reasonably necessary by at&t and only to the extent that all such record be maintain by 
 at&t in accordance with section 3.16 hereof . 
 ( c ) at&t audits may be conduct once a year ( or more frequently if request by governmental authority who 
 regulate at&t ’s business , if require by applicable law or if auditor require follow - up access to complete 
 audit inquiry or if an audit uncover any problem or deficiency ) , upon at least ten ( 10 ) business day 
 advance notice ( unless otherwise mandate by law ) and during business hour . vendor will cooperate , and 
 will ensure that its subcontractor cooperate , in the at&t audits , and will make the information reasonably 
 require to conduct the at&t audits available on a timely basis . 
 ( d ) if , as a result of an at&t audit , at&t determine that vendor have not perform or have unsatisfactorily 
 perform any obligation under this agreement , then vendor will promptly remedy the non - performance or 
 unsatisfactory performance . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( e ) vendor will maintain and retain the record set forth in subsection ( a ) during the term of the agreement and for 
 three ( 3 ) year thereafter ( unless a discovery or legal hold request be make with respect to such record , in 
 which case vendor shall retain such record until at&t notifie vendor that such discovery or legal hold 
 request have expire ) . vendor will provide at&t , at at&t ’s request and cost , with paper and electronic 
 copy of document and information reasonably necessary to verify vendor ’s compliance with this 
 agreement . upon notification by at&t of a discovery or legal hold request , vendor shall fully cooperate with 
 such request and immediately preserve any vendor record cover by such request and promptly provide 
 such vendor record request by at&t relate to the inquiry . 
 ( f ) except as provide in subsection ( d ) , all reasonable out - of - pocket cost and expense incur by at&t in 
 connection with an at&t audit shall be pay by at&t . vendor shall be solely responsible for all cost and 
 expense incur by vendor in connection with its obligation under this section . in the event that either party 
 require that an audit be perform by an independent auditor , unless otherwise specify herein , the party 
 request such independent auditor will be responsible for the cost and expense associate with the 
 independent auditor . 
 ( g ) with respect to at&t request for audit or inspection of vendor ’s subcontractor , the follow apply : 
 ( i ) if vendor ’s agreement with its applicable subcontractor permit an at&t audit , at&t shall be permit 
 to conduct such audit directly or through a third party representative . vendor shall work with at&t in 
 facilitate the subcontractor ’s cooperation for an expeditious and thorough audit or inspection . 
 ( ii ) if vendor ’s contract with its applicable subcontractor preclude at&t from directly conduct an audit 
 or inspection , vendor shall use reasonable good effort to enable at&t to perform an audit of the 
 subcontractor with vendor coordinate the audit process . fail those effort , vendor shall , upon 
 at&t ’s request and at at&t ’s expense , conduct the audit or inspection on behalf of at&t , subject to 
 term agree to by vendor and at&t for the subcontractor audit , such as area to be audit , 
 applicable fee , and the timeframe for report audit result to at&t . if at&t ’s request for a vendor 
 audit or inspection arise from , in at&t ’s good faith opinion , materially or consistently deficient service 
 provide by the subcontractor under at&t ’s account , and the audit in both party ’ opinion confirm 
 such deficiency , vendor shall not charge at&t a fee for the vendor ’s audit of its subcontractor . 
 ( iii ) if vendor ’s contract with its applicable subcontractor do not allow vendor access to the facility and 
 system of subcontractor require to conduct the audit describe in subsection ( b ) above , then vendor 
 shall provide a list of such subcontractor and the service be provide by such subcontractor to 
 at&t for its review . to the extent at&t deem it reasonably necessary to require such access , then 
 vendor will renegotiate its contract with the applicable subcontractor in order to obtain the audit right 
 describe in subsection ( b ) above . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 3.32 restrict entity . vendor may not deliver or obtain any material or deliverable from or use any 
 restrict entity to provide any service under this agreement , without prior write consent from 
 at&t . vendor may not use , in connection with any deliverable , material or service provide hereunder , 
 any element , equipment , location , instrumentality or the like where a restrict entity have a security 
 interest in that element , equipment , location , instrumentality or the like . vendor may not obtain financing 
 from any restricted entity or use any cell site or material own , lease from , operate or finance by 
 any restricted entity . 
 3.33 severability . if any provision of this agreement be determined to be invalid , illegal , or unenforceable , the 
 party agree that the remain provision of this agreement shall remain in full force if both the economic 
 and legal substance of the transaction contemplate by this agreement be not affect in any manner 
 that be materially adverse to either party by sever the provision determine to be invalid , illegal , or 
 unenforceable . 
 3.34 supplier citizenship and sustainability . vendor shall conduct business with an abide respect for 
 corporate citizenship , sustainability , and human right ( " citizenship and sustainability " ) . upon at&t ’s 
 request , which request may only be make once per calendar year , vendor shall provide to at&t 
 reasonable information , report , or survey response to demonstrate vendor ’s operation of its business in 
 the context of citizenship and sustainability . 
 3.35 survival of obligation . obligation and right under this agreement that by their nature would 
 reasonably continue beyond the termination or expiration of this agreement ( include those in the 
 section entitle " compliance with law , " " construction and interpretation , " " cumulative remedy , " 
 " entire agreement , " " govern law , " " information , " " indemnity , " " infringement , " " insurance , " 
 " limitation of damage , " " order of precedence , " " ownership of pay - for development , use and 
 reservation of right , " " publicity , " " severability , " " at&t supplier information security requirement 
 ( sisr ) , " " warranty , " " customer information , " " dispute resolution " and the representation , warranty , 
 indemnity and termination remedy ) will survive the termination or expiration of this agreement . 
 3.36 taxis 
 ( a ) vendor shall invoice at&t the amount of any federal excise , state , and local transaction taxis impose upon 
 the sale of material , delivery of deliverable , and provision of service under this agreement . all such taxis 
 must be state as separate item on the applicable material , deliverable , or service invoice list the tax 
 jurisdiction impose the tax . installation , labor and other non - taxable charge must be separately state . 
 at&t shall pay all applicable taxis to vendor that be state on and at the time the material , deliverable , or 
 service invoice be submit by vendor . vendor shall remit taxis to the appropriate tax authority . vendor 
 shall honor tax exemption certificate , and other appropriate document , which at&t provide to vendor , 
 pursuant to relevant tax provision of the tax jurisdiction provide the exemption . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( b ) vendor will pay any penalty , interest , additional tax , or other charge that may be levy or assess as a result 
 of the delay or failure of vendor , for any reason other than at&t ’s failure to reimburse vendor in a timely 
 manner for such amount , to pay any tax or file any return or information require by law , rule , or regulation or 
 by this agreement to be pay or file by vendor . 
 ( c ) upon at&t ’s request , the party shall consult with respect to the basis and rate upon which vendor shall 
 pay any taxis or fee for which at&t be obligate to reimburse vendor under this agreement . if at&t 
 determine that , in good faith and pursuant to applicable law , any such taxis or fee be not payable or 
 should be pay on a basis less than the full price or at rate less than the full tax rate , at&t shall notify vendor 
 in writing of such determination , vendor shall make payment in accordance with such determination , and 
 at&t shall be responsible for such determination . if collection be seek by the tax authority for a great 
 amount of taxis than that so determined by at&t , vendor shall promptly notify at&t . if at&t desire to 
 contest such collection , at&t shall promptly notify vendor . vendor shall cooperate with at&t in contest 
 such determination , but at&t shall be responsible and shall reimburse vendor for any tax , interest , or penalty 
 in excess of at&t ’s determination and shall reimburse vendor for litigation expense incur by vendor in 
 connection with contest such determination . 
 ( d ) if the party agree , where such agreement shall not be unreasonably withhold , condition , or delay , that 
 at&t have pay vendor for any taxis in excess of the amount that at&t be obligate to pay vendor under this 
 agreement , at&t and vendor shall consult in good faith to determine the appropriate method(s ) to seek 
 recovery of such excess payment , which method(s ) may include , but be not limit to , ( i ) vendor credit 
 any excess payment against tax amount or other payment due from at&t solely to the extent vendor have 
 successfully make corresponding adjustment to its payment to the relevant tax authority , ( ii ) vendor timely 
 filing claim for refund and any other document require to recover any excess payment and vendor 
 promptly remit to at&t all such refund and interest receive , and ( iii ) vendor immediately refund to 
 at&t such excess payment . 
 ( e ) if any tax authority advise vendor that it intend to audit vendor with respect to any taxis for which at&t 
 be obligate to reimburse vendor under this agreement , vendor shall ( i ) promptly so notify at&t , ( ii ) afford 
 at&t an opportunity to participate with vendor in such audit with respect to such taxis , and ( iii ) keep at&t 
 fully inform as to the progress of such audit . except as set forth in subsection ( c ) above , each party shall 
 bear its own expense with respect to any such audit , and the responsibility for any additional tax , interest , or 
 penalty result from such audit be to be determine in accordance with the applicable provision of this 
 section 3.36 . vendor ’s failure to comply with the notification requirement of this section 3.36 will relieve 
 at&t of its responsibility to reimburse vendor for taxis only to the extent that vendor ’s failure actually and 
 materially prejudiced at&t ’s ability to contest imposition or assessment of those taxis . 
 ( f ) in addition to its right under subsection ( c ) , ( d ) , and ( e ) above with respect to any tax or tax controversy 
 cover by this section 3.36 , at&t be entitle to contest , pursuant to applicable law and tariff and at its 
 own expense , any tax previously invoice that at&t be ultimately 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 obligate to pay . at&t be entitle to the benefit of any refund or recovery of amount actually receive by 
 at&t or vendor that at&t have previously pay to vendor result from such a contest . vendor shall 
 cooperate in any such contest , but at&t shall reimburse vendor for litigation expense incur by vendor in 
 obtain a refund or credit for at&t . 
 ( g ) if either party be audit by a tax authority or other governmental entity in connection with taxis under this 
 section 3.36 , the other party shall reasonably cooperate with the party be audit in order to respond to 
 any audit inquiry in an appropriate and timely manner , so that the audit and any result controversy may be 
 resolve expeditiously . 
 ( h ) at&t and vendor shall reasonably cooperate with each other with respect to any tax planning to minimize 
 taxis . 
 ( i ) vendor and any of its affiliate , as appropriate , receive payment hereunder shall provide at&t with a valid 
 united states internal revenue service ( " irs " ) form w-8ben , w-8ben- e , w-8eci , w-8exp , w- 
 8imy , or w-9 ( or any successor form prescribe by the irs ) . at&t may reduce any payment otherwise 
 due to vendor in connection with the sale of material , delivery of deliverable , or provision of service under 
 this agreement by the amount of any tax impose on vendor that at&t be require to pay directly to a tax 
 or other governmental authority ( " withholding tax " ) . alternatively , if applicable law permit , at&t agree 
 that it will honor a valid exemption certificate or other mandate document evidence vendor ’s exemption 
 from payment of , or liability for , any withholding tax as authorize or require by statute , regulation , 
 administrative pronouncement , or other law of the jurisdiction provide say exemption . at&t shall provide 
 vendor with documentation evidencing withholding in a reasonable time . 
 3.37 termination and suspension 
 ( a ) mutual agreement – this agreement , the build addendum and/or the maintenance addendum may be 
 terminate at any time upon the mutual write consent of the party . 
 ( b ) termination for convenience – this agreement , the build addendum and the maintenance addendum 
 may not be terminate by either party at any time for its own convenience . 
 ( c ) termination for cause 
 ( i ) if either party breach any provision of this agreement ( which for purpose of this section 3.37(c ) shall 
 not mean any breach of the build addendum or maintenance addendum ) and ( i ) if the breach be one 
 that by its nature could be cure , and such breach be not cure within thirty ( 30 ) day ( or such other 
 applicable cure period expressly provide herein and applicable to such breach ) after the breach party 
 receive write notice , provide that if such breach be not reasonably susceptible of cure within such thirty 
 ( 30 ) day period ( or such other applicable cure period ) and vendor be diligently and continuously pursue 
 a cure , the party shall cooperate in good faith to establish by mutual write agreement a reasonable 
 extension of the applicable cure period , or ( ii ) if the breach be one that by its nature can not be cure , or 
 ( iii ) if the breach be a material violation of law that be not reasonably susceptible of cure , then , in addition 
 to all other right and remedy at law or 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 in equity or otherwise , the non - breaching party shall have the right upon write notice to immediately 
 terminate this agreement ( which termination shall include the build addendum and maintenance 
 addendum ) , and exercise all termination remedy set forth in the build addendum , except at&t 
 can not terminate its obligation to pay vendor all structured payment for cell site that have achieve 
 location acceptance prior to the effective date of termination or any maintenance fee for service 
 perform under the maintenance addendum prior to the effective date of such termination . failure of the 
 non- breach party to immediately terminate this agreement ( x ) follow a breach which continue 
 long than such cure period , provide such breach have not be cure prior to the non - breaching party ’s 
 provide notice of termination , or ( y ) follow a breach that can not be cure or that constitute a material 
 violation of law that be not reasonably susceptible to cure shall not constitute a waiver of the non- 
 breach party ’s right to terminate . 
 ( ii ) if vendor become insolvent or generally fail to pay , or admit in write its inability or refusal to pay , 
 debt as they become due , then at&t shall have the right upon write notice to immediately terminate 
 at&t ’s obligation under this agreement or the build addendum or maintenance addendum , as 
 applicable , and exercise all termination remedy set forth in the build addendum . 
 ( iii ) if ( 1 ) vendor ( a ) receive a notice of default ( or similar breach or violation ) and have not cure such 
 default ( or similar breach or violation ) within thirty ( 30 ) day from the receipt of such notice or ( b ) be in 
 default under any credit facility or other financing arrangement , ( 2 ) any vendor credit facility or other 
 financing arrangement have be terminate or suspend ( other than by vendor or as a result of an 
 expiration in accordance with its term ) or ( 3 ) vendor no long have access to funding under any credit 
 facility or other financing arrangement require by vendor to fulfill its obligation to at&t under this 
 agreement , the master license agreement , the transport agreement and the roam agreement ( as 
 such term be define in the build addendum ) , then vendor shall promptly , but no later than one ( 1 ) 
 business day follow vendor ’s receipt of notice of any such event , notify at&t of such event and in 
 addition to all other right and remedy at law or in equity or otherwise , at&t shall have the right upon 
 write notice to immediately terminate at&t ’s obligation under this agreement or the build addendum 
 or maintenance addendum , as applicable , and exercise all termination remedy set forth in the build 
 addendum; provide , that prior to exercise such termination right , at&t shall enter into good faith 
 discussion with vendor to determine if vendor can obtain alternative financing . 
 ( d ) bankruptcy . in addition to all other termination right set forth herein , this agreement may be terminate by 
 either party or either party may terminate its obligation hereunder , in each case in whole or in part ( include 
 terminate only specific addendum or specific cell site ) , if the other party file , or have file against it , any 
 voluntary petition seek liquidation , reorganization , arrangement or readjustment of its debt or for any other 
 relief under the united states bankruptcy code or under any other act or law pertain to insolvency or 
 debtor relief , whether state , federal or foreign , now or hereafter existing; or such other party have file against 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 it any petition which petition seek any of the foregoing relief or substantive consolidation of the asset of such 
 other party with a debtor in bankruptcy or liquidation and which be not dismiss within forty - five ( 45 ) day 
 after the effective service of same; or the appointment be make of a receiver , custodian or trustee of such other 
 party or for all or a substantial part of the asset of such other party . 
 ( e ) termination event . in addition to all other termination right set forth herein , this agreement may be 
 terminate by at&t or at&t may terminate its obligation hereunder ( include terminate only specific 
 addendum or specific cell site ) , upon the occurrence of ( i ) any termination event ( as define in the build 
 addendum ) applicable to one or more cell site and upon such termination at&t may exercise any or all of 
 the termination remedy ( as define in the build addendum ) available to it pursuant to the build addendum 
 with respect to such impact cell sites; or ( ii ) any termination ( regardless of the reason therefor ) of the 
 master license agreement result in at&t ’s inability to use the impact cell site . 
 ( f ) partial termination - whenever law or a provision of this agreement permit at&t to terminate this 
 agreement with respect to a single cell site or group of cell site or with respect to either the build 
 addendum or maintenance addendum , at&t may , at its option , terminate this agreement in part with 
 respect to such addendum or on a cell site basis without further liability or obligation; provide that no such 
 termination shall relieve at&t ’s obligation to make structured payment with respect to any cell site that 
 have reach location acceptance prior to the effective date of such termination and pay any maintenance 
 fee for service perform under the maintenance addendum prior to the effective date of such termination . 
 the party acknowledge that the build addendum and maintenance addendum include specific partial 
 termination right on a cell site by cell site basis , include the termination remedy that allow for 
 termination of at&t ’s obligation with respect to an individual cell site hereunder and special remedy to 
 at&t in connection with such termination . 
 ( g ) termination charge – at&t shall not be liable for any termination charge ( or any charge for any material 
 or service already order or perform at the time of termination ) in any case when any termination result 
 from a termination right grant to at&t in this agreement; provide that at&t shall remain obligated to 
 make structured payment with respect to any cell site that have reach location acceptance prior to the 
 effective date of such termination and pay any maintenance fee for service perform under the 
 maintenance addendum prior to the effective date of such termination . 
 ( h ) obligation upon expiration or termination - upon expiration or termination of this agreement , but prior 
 to the effectiveness of full termination of the agreement , at&t may exercise any right and remedy available 
 to at&t under this agreement , at law or in equity , include at&t ’s right to exercise any one or more of the 
 termination remedy set forth in the build addendum , and vendor shall , upon the request and at the expense 
 ( other than termination in accordance with subsection ( c ) hereof ) of at&t : ( i ) return all paper , material , 
 equipment , asset and property of at&t hold by vendor , include title and ownership to all material , ( ii ) 
 provide reasonable assistance as may be necessary for the orderly , non - disrupted continuation of the service , 
 ( iii ) transfer all of the contract relate to the cell site to at&t 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 as contemplate in the build addendum and ( iv ) reimburse at&t for any at&t provide equipment or 
 other asset that be not instal at a cell site and can not be return in good working order ( base on the 
 acquisition cost plus taxis and shipping cost ) . vendor also agree to assist at&t in coordinate the transfer 
 of the provision of the service to a successor contractor , which shall include continue to provide the 
 require level of service until the date of expiration or termination and provide the successor contractor 
 with all pertinent information about the service . for the purpose of clarity and notwithstanding any other 
 provision herein , no termination under this agreement shall relieve at&t ’s obligation to make structured 
 payment with respect to any cell site that have reach location acceptance prior to the effective date of 
 such termination and pay any maintenance fee for service perform under the maintenance addendum 
 prior to the effective date of such termination . 
 3.38 third party administrative service 
 ( a ) vendor acknowledge that a third party administrator will perform certain administrative function for at&t in 
 relation to this agreement . such administrative function may include : 
 ( i ) collect and verify certificate of insurance; 
 ( ii ) provide financial analysis; 
 ( iii ) verify certification under the section entitle " utilization of minority , woman , and disabled veteran 
 own business enterprises”; and 
 ( iv ) collect and verify vendor profile information . 
 ( b ) vendor shall cooperate with such third party administrator in its performance of such administrative function 
 and shall provide such datum as from time to time the third party administrator may request . far , 
 notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement , vendor agree that at&t may provide any information 
 regard vendor to such third party administrator . at&t shall contractually require the third party 
 administrator to maintain confidentiality of vendor ’s information with right to use it solely for purpose of the 
 administrative function . vendor agree to pay the third party administrator an annual fee for the performance 
 of these administrative function , which annual fee shall not exceed three hundred dollar ( 300.00 ) , and a 
 one - time set - up fee of thirty dollar ( 30.00 ) . at&t agree to reimburse vendor for such fee list as a line 
 item expense on the invoice issue by vendor to at&t pursuant to section 3.19 for the month immediately 
 follow such payment . 
 3.39 third party beneficiary . all at&t affiliate receive material or service under this agreement 
 and the federal government of the united states shall be express third party beneficiary under this 
 agreement . except to the extent expressly set forth to the contrary in this agreement ( include with 
 respect to affiliate of at&t and the u.s . government ) , there be no third party beneficiary of this 
 agreement , and this agreement shall not provide any third person other than at&t affiliate and the 
 u.s . government with any 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 remedy , claim , liability , reimbursement , claim of action or other legal or equitable right in excess of those 
 exist without reference to this agreement . 
 3.40 title and risk . title to material furnish by vendor shall vest in at&t immediately and automatically 
 upon location acceptance ( as define in the build addendum ) or , if after location acceptance of a cell 
 site , with respect to any material provide in connection with the maintenance addendum , when actually 
 instal or incorporate in the work; provide , if the material be pay for or provide by at&t prior 
 to incorporation into the work , title shall always be vest in at&t; provide , far , in both case 
 vendor shall retain risk of loss and damage to all of the material ( include all at&t provide equipment 
 ( as such term be define in the build addendum ) ) until location acceptance and thereafter to the extent 
 such material be in the custody or control of vendor . 
 3.41 title to material furnish by at&t . title to material furnish by at&t under this agreement 
 shall at all time be in at&t ’s name . vendor assume full responsibility for any loss or damage to such 
 material while material be in vendor ’s or its subcontractor ’s possession or control and shall be liable for 
 the full value of the material ( which shall include at&t ’s acquisition cost plus all taxis and shipping ) . 
 vendor shall not allow or permit any lien to be place upon or otherwise encumber any at&t provide 
 equipment or other asset , property or right own , operate or lease by at&t or any of its 
 affiliate . 
 at&t may inspect and inventory the material furnish by at&t under this agreement during vendor ’s 
 normal business hour . prior to location acceptance , vendor shall provide at&t escort access to the 
 premise wherein all such material be locate and , follow location acceptance , at&t shall have 
 access to the premise wherein all such material be locate pursuant to the term of the master license 
 agreement and the applicable site license thereunder or any third party tower lease , as applicable . the 
 obligation assume by vendor with respect to material furnish by at&t under this agreement be for 
 the protection of at&t ’s property . should vendor fail to comply in any respect , in addition to any other 
 right or remedy at&t may have , upon ten ( 10 ) day ' write notice to vendor , at&t may withdraw all 
 or any part of the material furnish . vendor shall , at at&t ’s option , return to at&t , or hold for at&t ’s 
 disposition , any or all of such material provide by at&t under this agreement upon termination of this 
 agreement or the withdrawal of the material furnished; provide however , that with respect to any scrap 
 produce as a by - product remain in vendor ’s possession at the completion of all work to be provide 
 at a cell site , vendor shall , at at&t ’s option , return to at&t , or hold for at&t ’s disposition , such 
 scrap material for a period of one hundred twenty ( 120 ) day follow the early of location 
 acceptance at such cell site or the early termination of this agreement with respect to such cell site . 
 at all time and at vendor ’s expense , vendor shall maintain property insurance for all peril , for full 
 replacement cost for all property of at&t in the care , custody and control of the vendor . at&t shall be 
 name as an additional insure and loss payee . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 3.42 transaction cost . except as expressly provide in this agreement , each party shall bear its own fee 
 and expense ( include the fee and expense of its agent , representative , attorney , and accountant ) 
 incur in connection with the negotiation , drafting , execution , and performance of this agreement and 
 the transaction it contemplate . 
 3.43 utilization of minority , woman , and disabled veteran own business enterprise 
 ( a ) vendor shall submit annual participation plan in the form set forth at http://www.attsuppliers.com no later than 
 the effective date and by december 31 of each calendar year thereafter , establish vendor ’s goal for the 
 upcoming reporting period for participation by minority own business enterprise ( " mbe " ) , woman own 
 business enterprise ( " wbe " ) and disabled veteran own business enterprise ( " dvbe " ) , with 
 " participation " express as a percentage of aggregate estimate annual purchase by at&t for the reporting 
 period . 
 ( b ) by the tenth day follow the close of each calendar month , vendor shall , in a format and manner acceptable 
 to at&t , report actual result of its effort to meet the goal set forth in the applicable participation plan 
 during the precede calendar month . when report result , vendor shall count only expenditure with 
 entity that be certify as mbe , wbe , or dvbe firm by third party certify agency recognize by 
 at&t , as list on http://www.attsuppliers.com . 
 3.44 vendor personnel and employment matter 
 ( a ) personnel provide by vendor shall be consider solely the employee of vendor or its subcontractor and 
 not employee or agent of at&t . vendor have and shall retain the right to exercise full control of and 
 supervision over the performance of the service and full control over the employment , direction , assignment , 
 compensation , and discharge of all personnel perform the service . vendor and its subcontractor be and 
 shall be solely responsible for all matter relate to compensation and benefit for all personnel provide by 
 vendor . vendor shall ensure that all person furnish by vendor conduct themselves in a professional manner 
 and in accordance with all policy set forth in this agreement , the build addendum and the maintenance 
 addendum . 
 ( b ) if at&t request that vendor or its subcontractor remove any person provide by vendor or its 
 subcontractor from at&t ’s account for any lawful reason , then vendor shall immediately comply with such 
 request . vendor shall , at no cost to at&t , provide a qualified replacement . 
 3.45 warranty 
 ( a ) the warranty period for all material ( exclude at&t provide equipment ) shall commence upon 
 delivery of such material to vendor from the oem and shall continue for a period equal to the long of ( i ) 
 [ ] or ( ii ) the applicable warranty period actually receive by vendor from the oem for such material 
 vendor acquire directly from the oem , include the vendor provide equipment as define in the build 
 addendum ( the " material warranty period " ) . vendor provide no warranty for material with respect to any 
 at&t provide equipment . the warranty period for workmanship and all service provide 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 hereunder , include the build service contemplate in the build addendum , shall commence upon location 
 acceptance of the applicable cell site and continue for a period equal to [ ] from location acceptance of 
 the applicable cell site ( the " workmanship warranty period " ) . for the duration of such warranty period , 
 vendor represent and warrant to at&t as follow : 
 ( i ) material ( exclude at&t provide equipment ) furnish hereunder will be merchantable , free from 
 defect in design , material and workmanship , fit and sufficient for the purpose set forth in the 
 agreement , free from all lien at the time of location acceptance , and will during the material 
 warranty period strictly conform to and perform in accordance with applicable specification , 
 drawing and sample . 
 ( ii ) service provide hereunder will be perform ( a ) in a professional and efficient manner , in strict 
 compliance with the specification , ( b ) with the care , skill , and diligence , and in accordance with 
 professional industry standard and practice , currently recognize in vendor ’s profession or industry , 
 ( c ) in compliance with all applicable law and all description and representation as to the service 
 ( include performance capability , accuracy , completeness , characteristic , specification , 
 configuration , standard , function and requirement ) set forth in this agreement , the build 
 addendum and the maintenance addendum ( and all schedule thereto ) , and ( d ) by personnel with 
 appropriate experience , knowledge and competence . if vendor fail to meet applicable professional 
 standard , vendor will , without additional compensation , promptly correct or revise any error or 
 deficiency in the service furnish hereunder . 
 ( b ) in addition , vendor represent and warrant that : 
 ( i ) vendor be duly organize , validly exist and in good standing under the law of its state of formation with 
 all requisite power to enter into and perform its obligation under this agreement , the build addendum 
 and the maintenance addendum and have the full power , authority and right to provide the material 
 and service specify herein; 
 ( ii ) the execution , delivery and performance of this agreement , the build addendum and the maintenance 
 addendum have be duly and validly authorize and approve by all necessary action of vendor and 
 will constitute legal , valid and bind obligation of vendor enforceable in accordance with their 
 respective terms; 
 ( iii ) vendor have ( or will have at the time of the performance of the applicable service ) and will continue to 
 hold during the performance of the applicable service during the term of this agreement ( or the 
 build addendum term or maintenance addendum term , as applicable ) all permit , license and 
 contract require to enter into and perform this agreement , the build addendum and maintenance 
 addendum and to deliver the material and service hereunder; 
 ( iv ) as of the effective date , there be no action , suit , or proceeding , pende or threaten , which will 
 have a material adverse effect on vendor ’s ability to fulfill its 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 obligation under this agreement and vendor will immediately notify at&t if , during the term , 
 vendor become aware of any such action , suit , or proceeding; 
 ( v ) vendor have , as of the effective date , and will continue to have during the term of the build addendum or 
 maintenance addendum , as applicable , all necessary skill , right , and financial resource ( include 
 any required bind commitment for financing from third person ) applicable to such obligation then 
 in effect , and authority to enter into this agreement , the build addendum or the maintenance 
 addendum , include the authority to provide or license the material or service , and satisfy all of its 
 obligation hereunder and thereunder; 
 ( vi ) as of the effective date , no third party claim have be allege against vendor that any material and 
 service provide hereunder infringe upon such third party ’s intellectual property right and vendor 
 will immediately notify at&t if , during the term , vendor become aware of any such third party 
 claim; 
 ( vii ) no consent , approval , or withholding of objection be require from any entity , include any governmental 
 authority , with respect to the entering into or the performance of this agreement , the build addendum 
 or the maintenance addendum; 
 ( viii ) at the time of location acceptance ( or , if later , at the time of delivery ) , the material and service will be 
 provide free of any lien of any kind; 
 ( ix ) vendor will be fully responsible and liable for all act , omission , and work perform by any of its 
 representative , include any subcontractors; 
 ( x ) all representative , include subcontractor , will strictly comply with the provision specify in this 
 agreement and all applicable laws; 
 ( xi ) vendor will strictly comply with the term of this agreement , the build addendum and the maintenance 
 addendum , include those specify in any exhibit , schedule or appendix attach hereto or 
 thereto; and 
 ( xii ) all material provide to at&t hereunder shall be test by or on behalf of vendor prior to installation 
 and prior to location acceptance to ensure its compliance with the specification . 
 ( c ) all representation and warranty set forth above in section 3.46(b ) or elsewhere in this agreement ( other 
 than the specific warranty period specify in section 3.46(a ) ) will survive expiration or termination of this 
 agreement for a period of [ ] year from such expiration or termination; provide however , that any such 
 representation and warranty that relate solely to the build service provide pursuant to the build 
 addendum shall survive for a period of [ ] year follow location acceptance of all cell site . the 
 forego warranty will be in addition to all other warranty , express , imply or statutory . vendor shall 
 defend , indemnify and hold at&t , its affiliate , and their agent and representative harmless from 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 and against all third party loss arise out of or result from a breach of these representation and 
 warranty , in accordance with the section herein entitle " indemnity " . 
 ( d ) if at any time during the warranty period for material or service at&t believe there be a breach of any 
 warranty , at&t will notify vendor set forth the nature of such claim breach . vendor shall promptly 
 investigate such claim breach and shall either ( i ) provide information satisfactory to at&t that no breach of 
 warranty in fact occur or ( ii ) at no additional charge to at&t , promptly take such action as may be 
 require to correct such breach . if the require corrective action be to re - perform the service and/or repair 
 the material , and if vendor fail or refuse to make such repair and/or re - perform such service , then , in 
 addition to any other remedy , at&t shall have the right , at its option , either ( 1 ) to perform such service 
 and to repair such material itself or engage a third party to do so , in either case at vendor ’s expense; or ( 2 ) to 
 receive a full refund of any amount pay for such material and service . vendor shall bear all transportation 
 cost and risk of loss and damage in transit with respect to all material transport in connection with this 
 section , and all repaired and replacement material be warrant as provide herein . 
 ( e ) if a breach of warranty for which vendor be responsible have not be correct within a commercially 
 reasonable time , and such breach have cause material and irreparable damage and harm to at&t , then upon 
 thirty ( 30 ) day ' notice to vendor , at&t may terminate this agreement with respect to the applicable cell 
 site(s ) without further liability to vendor for those cell site . 
 3.46 subcontractors; work do by other . 
 ( a ) if any part of vendor ’s work be dependent upon work perform by other or subcontract consistent with 
 the term herein , vendor shall inspect and promptly report to at&t any defect that render such other work 
 unsuitable for vendor ’s proper performance . vendor ’s silence shall constitute approval of such other work as 
 fit , proper and suitable for vendor ’s performance of its service or provision of material . 
 ( b ) any use of , include any change to the use of , a subcontractor shall be subject to the requirement of this 
 section 3.46 . vendor shall provide and keep current a list of all subcontractor and certain information about 
 each such subcontractor , include the identity of , the location of , and a complete description of the activity 
 to be perform by such subcontractor . vendor will provide such list of subcontractor to at&t upon 
 request . if at&t notifie vendor that a particular subcontractor be unacceptable to at&t because use of the 
 subcontractor could adversely affect the security of at&t ’s network , or cause material financial harm to 
 at&t , or have a material and detrimental effect on at&t ’s reputation , vendor shall promptly cease use of 
 such subcontractor and provide a replacement subcontractor or perform the service itself . should vendor 
 fail or refuse to cease use of any subcontractor and provide a substitute subcontractor or perform the 
 service itself after at&t ’s request , at&t shall have the right to terminate this agreement . where a portion 
 of the work be subcontract , vendor remain fully responsible for performance thereof and shall be 
 responsible to at&t for the act and omission of any subcontractor , to the same extent as if such act or 
 omission be perform by vendor . nothing in this agreement shall create 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 any contractual obligation or other liability of at&t to any subcontractor or its employee . vendor shall 
 require all subcontractor perform work on the project or who may enter upon the work site to maintain 
 the same insurance requirement as those set forth in the section entitle " insurance " of this agreement . 
 vendor agree to bind every subcontractor to term consistent with the term of this agreement . prior to 
 location acceptance of all cell site pursuant to the build addendum , vendor shall immediately notify at&t 
 of any ( i ) failure or inability of vendor to pay to any subcontractor or other vendor person when due any 
 amount owe to such subcontractor or vendor person or ( ii ) any claim , notice or action assert by any such 
 subcontractor or vendor person of or relate to any such failure or inability to pay amount when due . 
 follow location acceptance of all cell site pursuant to the build addendum , vendor shall immediately 
 notify at&t of any ( x ) failure ( in the absence of a good faith dispute ) or inability of vendor to pay to any 
 subcontractor or other vendor person when due any amount owe to such subcontractor or vendor person 
 or ( y ) any claim , notice or action assert by any such subcontractor or vendor person of or relate to any 
 such failure ( in the absence of a good faith dispute ) or inability to pay amount when due . 
 3.47 affordable care act . for purpose of the affordable care act ( aca ) , and in particular for purpose 
 of section 4980h of the internal revenue code of 1986 , as amend , and the regulation thereunder , 
 with respect to each individual provide by vendor to work on at&t project(s ) for at least thirty ( 30 ) 
 hour per week for at least ninety ( 90 ) day , whether consecutive or not , vendor represent and warrant 
 that it or one of its subcontractor be the common law employer of such individual and shall be responsible 
 for either provide healthcare coverage as require by the aca ( to the extent applicable ) or for pay 
 any section 4980h assessable payment that may be require for failure to provide to such individual : ( a ) 
 health care coverage , or ( b ) affordable healthcare coverage . in no event will at&t be consider to be 
 the common law employer of such individual for purpose of the aca . vendor shall maintain for a period 
 of ten ( 10 ) year ( or such short period as require by applicable law ) information to show compliance 
 with the aca notwithstanding any other provision in this agreement to the contrary . 
 3.48 customer information 
 ( a ) as between vendor and at&t , title to all customer information and customer proprietary network 
 information ( " cpni " ) ( as that term be define in section 222 of the communication act of 1934 , 47 u.s.c . 
 § 222 ( as amend , " section 222 " ) ) shall be in at&t . except as otherwise provide herein , no license or 
 right to any customer information be grant to vendor hereunder . 
 ( b ) vendor acknowledge that customer information receive may be subject to certain privacy law and 
 regulation and requirement , include requirement of at&t . vendor shall consider customer information to 
 be private , sensitive and confidential . accordingly , with respect to customer information , vendor shall comply 
 with all applicable privacy law and regulation and requirement , include the cpni restriction contain in 
 section 222 . accordingly , vendor shall : 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( i ) not use any cpni to market or otherwise sell product to at&t ’s customer , except to the extent 
 necessary for the performance of service for at&t or as otherwise approve or authorize by at&t 
 in this agreement or in writing; 
 ( ii ) make no disclosure of customer information to any party other than at&t , except to the extent necessary 
 for the performance of service for at&t or except such disclosure require under force of law; 
 provide that vendor shall provide at&t with notice immediately upon receipt of any legal request or 
 demand by a judicial , regulatory or other authority or third party to disclose or produce customer 
 information; vendor shall furnish only that portion of the customer information that it be legally require 
 to furnish and shall provide reasonable cooperation to at&t should at&t exercise effort to obtain a 
 protective order or other confidential treatment with respect to such customer information; 
 ( iii ) not incorporate any customer information into any database other than in a database maintain 
 exclusively for the storage of at&t ’s customer information; 
 ( iv ) not incorporate any datum from any of vendor ’s other customer , include affiliate of at&t , into at&t ’s 
 customer database; 
 ( v ) make no use whatsoever of any customer information for any purpose except to comply with the term of 
 this agreement; 
 ( vi ) make no sale , license or lease of customer information to any other party; 
 ( vii ) restrict access to customer information to only those employee of vendor that require access to perform 
 service under this agreement; 
 ( viii ) prohibit and restrict access or use of customer information by any of vendor ’s other customer , any of 
 vendor ’s affiliate , or third party except as may be agree otherwise by at&t; 
 ( ix ) promptly return all customer information to at&t upon expiration or termination of this agreement , 
 unless expressly agree or instruct otherwise by at&t; and 
 ( x ) immediately notify at&t upon vendor ’s awareness of ( 1 ) any breach of the above- reference 
 provision , ( 2 ) any disclosure ( inadvertent or otherwise ) of customer information to any third party not 
 expressly permit herein to receive or have access to such customer information , or ( 3 ) a breach of , 
 or other security incident involve , vendor ’s system or network that could cause or permit access to 
 customer information inconsistent with the above - reference provision , and such notice shall include 
 the detail of the breach , disclosure or security incident . vendor shall fully cooperate with at&t in 
 determining , as may be necessary or appropriate , action that need to be take include the full scope 
 of the breach , disclosure or security incident , corrective step to be take by vendor , the nature and 
 content of any customer notification , law enforcement involvement , or news / press / medium contact etc . , 
 and vendor shall not 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 communicate directly with any at&t customer without at&t ’s consent , which such consent shall not 
 be unreasonably withhold . 
 3.49 reimbursable expense . at&t be not responsible for any travel , meal or other business relate 
 expense incur by vendor , whether or not incur in its performance of its obligation under this 
 agreement , in addition to any such amount that be include in the structured payment . 
 4.0 special term 
 4.1 access 
 ( a ) follow location acceptance and in connection with the maintenance addendum , vendor shall have 
 reasonable access to at&t ’s cell site contemplate in the build addendum to enable vendor to perform its 
 obligation under the maintenance addendum . vendor shall coordinate such access with at&t ’s designate 
 representative prior to visit such premise . vendor will ensure that only vendor person will be allow to 
 enter at&t ’s premise by use at&t system , such as the nfsd portal . if at&t request vendor or its 
 subcontractor to discontinue furnish any person provide by vendor or its subcontractor from perform 
 work on at&t ’s premise or at any cell site , vendor shall immediately comply with such request . such 
 person shall leave at&t ’s premise or cell site promptly , and vendor shall not furnish such person again to 
 perform work on at&t ’s premise without at&t ’s write consent . the party agree that , where require 
 by governmental regulation , vendor will submit satisfactory clearance from the u.s . department of defense 
 and/or other federal , state , or local authority . 
 ( b ) at&t require vendor or its representative , include any vendor person , to exhibit identification 
 credential , which at&t may issue , to gain access to at&t ’s premise for the performance of service . if 
 for any reason , any vendor person be no long perform such service , vendor shall immediately inform 
 at&t . notification shall be follow by the prompt delivery to at&t of the identification credential , if issue 
 by at&t , or a write statement of the reason why the identification credential can not be return . 
 ( c ) vendor shall ensure that its representative , include any vendor person , while on or off at&t ’s premise , 
 will ( i ) perform service which conform to the specification , ( ii ) protect at&t ’s material , building , and 
 structure , ( iii ) perform work which do not interfere with at&t ’s business operation , and ( iv ) perform with 
 care and due regard for the safety , convenience , and protection of at&t , its employee , and property . 
 4.2 at&t supplier information security requirement ( sisr ) . vendor shall comply with at&t ’s 
 supplier information security requirement ( the " sisr " ) set forth in exhibit b attach hereto and 
 incorporate herein by reference . vendor shall cooperate fully with at&t , include by complete 
 checklist or similar documentation , to ensure that customer information , at&t derive datum , software 
 and/or computer system 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 vendor develop , design , support and/or use under this agreement comply with the standard and 
 requirement set forth in the sisr . 
 4.3 background check 
 ( a ) to assist at&t ’s compliance with the law and its duty to protect its own employee and customer , vendor , 
 and subject to any law to the contrary that limit any vendor action otherwise require by this section , 
 vendor shall : 
 ( i ) make all reasonable effort , include check the background , verify the personal information and 
 check each vendor person ’s identification credential , to determine all information necessary to verify 
 whether any vendor person whom vendor propose to have perform any service that permit physical 
 entry or virtual or other access to at&t ’s or its customer ’ system , network , or information ( " access " ) 
 at any time during the term of this agreement ( provide that the term of this section shall not apply to 
 vendor person having escort access to secured at&t area not available to the general public where 
 such vendor person will not be provide " service " , deliver / instal " material " , or otherwise 
 engage in work activity under this agreement , e.g. , do not apply to attend meeting , review 
 location to prepare contract bid , etc . ): 
 ( 1 ) have be convict of any felony , or have be convict of any misdemeanor involve violence , sexual 
 misconduct , theft or computer crime , fraud or financial crime , drug distribution , or crime involve 
 unlawful possession or use of a dangerous weapon ( " conviction " ) or be identify on any government 
 registry as a sex offender ( " sex offender status”); and 
 ( 2 ) in addition to the requirement of subsection ( 1 ) above , perform a drug screen on any vendor person 
 whom vendor propose to have access to customer information , system , or physical entry onto 
 at&t ’s or its customer ’ premise , and not permit any such vendor person present a positive 
 drug screen to have access to customer information , system , or physical entry onto at&t ’s or its 
 customer ’ premise . 
 ( ii ) comply with the obligation of subsection ( a)(i)(1 ) above by a background check , include credit 
 history , employment history , drive record and criminal history ( " background check " ) of applicable 
 record for those county , state , and federal court district in which a propose vendor person have 
 identify as having reside , work , or attend school in the previous ten ( 10 ) year , unless a short 
 period be require by any law . 
 ( b ) it be vendor ’s sole and exclusive responsibility to determine whether a vendor person ’s conviction or sex 
 offender status have a reasonable relationship to the individual ’s fitness or trustworthiness to perform the 
 service or other work activity , subject to applicable law on the consideration of criminal conviction in 
 make employment decision . if however a vendor person need to have physical entry onto the premise of 
 an at&t customer , at&t may require additional background information about and/or drug screening for the 
 vendor person , when require by applicable law , before permit that individual to enter the customer ’s 
 premise . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( c ) upon discover that any vendor person have falsify any of his or her social security number , driver ’s 
 license , educational credential , employment history , home address , and citizenship indicia , such vendor 
 person shall not have access or perform work for at&t under this agreement . vendor shall maintain record 
 of all background check and drug screen perform for vendor person under this agreement for the 
 term of this agreement , or for such short period if provide by applicable law , for at&t to verify 
 compliance with this section . 
 4.4 clean up . vendor at all time , and at its expense , shall keep at&t and its landlord ’s premise safe and 
 free from accumulation of waste material or rubbish cause by vendor ’s operation . upon completion of 
 the work , vendor shall , at its expense , remove promptly from the premise all of vendor ’s implement , 
 equipment , tool , machine , surplus and waste material and debris . if vendor fail to clean up as 
 provide herein , at&t may hire another contractor to do so and charge the cost thereof to vendor or 
 deduct same from at&t ’s payment to vendor . 
 4.5 vendor ’s audit financial statement . vendor shall provide to at&t ( or its third party delegate ) , 
 upon request and at no charge , its parent company , atn international , inc . ’s bona fide and unedited : ( a ) 
 financial statement for each quarter of each fiscal year during the term of the build addendum and ( b ) 
 audit fiscal year financial statement for each fiscal year during the term hereof . 
 4.6 vendor personnel information . in order to satisfy physical and network security requirement for 
 at&t , which may include both issuance of a building access badge and picture i d badge to vendor 
 personnel , vendor and/or its personnel agree to provide any and all personal information require by the 
 at&t security department . this information include , but be not limit to , social security number . 
 vendor personnel will not be authorize to perform work for at&t if vendor personnel refuse to provide 
 any and all information necessary to complete the process of issue a badge or acquire network access . 
 at&t will not be require to pay vendor for the time spend try to acquire a badge or network access 
 for vendor personnel while on premise at at&t . 
 vendor be responsible for notify the at&t project manager of all vendor information relate to new 
 hire , termination or change in information . this include but be not limit to start date , end date and 
 location change . 
 4.7 damage to property . vendor assume full responsibility for any damage or loss to at&t ’s property that 
 may be cause by or result from any tortious act or omission of vendor or any person employ by or 
 under contract with vendor . in the event of such damage , at&t may elect to have repair make by 
 vendor , by at&t personnel , or by other contractor . in the event at&t shall elect to have vendor repair 
 the damage , vendor shall promptly do so , at its own expense and to at&t ’s satisfaction . in the event 
 at&t 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 shall elect to have the damage repair by its own personnel or other contractor , vendor shall reimburse 
 at&t for the cost to it of such repair . 
 if vendor cause damage to at&t ’s property , include damage to copper or fiber cable , vendor shall reimburse 
 at&t for any actual direct damage or loss incur in connection therewith . 
 4.8 dispute resolution . 
 ( a ) escalation procedure . the party agree to seek to resolve any dispute between the party or otherwise 
 arise out of this agreement or an addendum in accordance with the following escalation procedure before 
 commence the arbitration procedure describe below . 
 ( i ) the contact person of both party shall work in good faith to try to resolve the dispute within twenty ( 20 ) 
 day from the date that a party first give notice that a dispute have occur . 
 ( ii ) if the contact person fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within twenty ( 20 ) day , the dispute shall 
 be refer to more senior person within the respective party who shall try to resolve the dispute within 
 a further twenty ( 20 ) day period . if no resolution be find each party be entitle to commence the 
 arbitration proceeding describe below . 
 ( b ) arbitration . any controversy or claim between the party or otherwise arise out of or relate to this 
 agreement , or the breach thereof , other than any action take to enforce the right to payment of structured 
 payment , shall be resolve by arbitration administer by the american arbitration association under its 
 commercial arbitration rule then in effect , and judgment on the award render by the arbitrator(s ) may be 
 enter in any court have jurisdiction thereof . each of the party hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the 
 united states district court for the southern district of new york and of any new york state court sit in 
 new york , new york for purpose of all action take to enforce the right to payment of the structured 
 payment . 
 ( c ) locale . the hearing shall be hold at a mutually agree upon location within the united states at which the 
 party may present evidence ( include , without limitation , witness and documentation ) and argument in 
 support of their respective position . if the party can not agree upon an arbitration location within 3 business 
 day , the arbitration shall be conduct in new york city , new york . 
 ( d ) award . the arbitrator shall make a reason award which may include an award of damage ( but may not 
 include attorney fee except in a case where a party have fail to defend or indemnify the other party where it 
 have an obligation to do so pursuant to section 3.15 or 3.36 ) and say award shall be in write set forth 
 the statement of fact to support their conclusion and decision . the decision render by the arbitrator will 
 be final , conclusive , and bind upon the party , and any judgment thereon may be enter and enforce in 
 any court of competent jurisdiction . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( e ) continuation of service pende arbitration . vendor and at&t will continue to provide all service and 
 honor all other commitment under this agreement in accordance with this agreement during the course of 
 resolution of dispute and arbitration pursuant to this agreement . 
 4.9 electronic datum interchange ( edi ) 
 ( a ) the party may exchange order , payment , acknowledgement , invoice , remittance notice , and other 
 record ( " datum " ) electronically , in place of tangible document , and agree to exchange such datum in 
 accordance with the telecommunications industry forum edi guideline for use of american national 
 standards institute ( ansi ) accredit standard committee x12 transaction set , unless they mutually agree 
 to a proprietary format or another standard such as extensible markup language ( xml ) . 
 ( b ) the follow additional condition apply to any such exchange : 
 ( i ) garbled transmission : if any data be receive in an unintelligible , electronically unreadable , or garble 
 form , the receive party shall promptly notify the originate party ( if identifiable from the receive datum ) 
 in a reasonable manner . in the absence of such notice , the originate party ’s record of the content of 
 such datum shall control . 
 ( ii ) signature : each party will incorporate into each edi transmission an electronic identification consist of 
 symbol(s ) or code(s ) ( " signature " ) . each party agree that any predetermined signature of such party 
 include in or affix to any edi transmission shall be sufficient to verify such party originate , " sign " 
 and " execute " such transmission . no party shall disclose to any unauthorized person the signature of 
 the party hereto . 
 ( iii ) statute of fraud : the party expressly agree that all datum transmit pursuant to this clause shall be 
 deem to be a " writing " or " in writing " for purpose of the uniform commercial code ( ucc ) . any such 
 datum contain or having affix to it a signature shall be deem for all purpose to : ( i ) to have be 
 " sign " and " executed”; and ( ii ) to constitute an " original " when print from electronic file or record 
 establish and maintain in the normal course of business . 
 ( iv ) method of exchange : exchange of datum will be make by direct electronic or computer system 
 communication between at&t and vendor or by indirect communication use a third party service 
 provider ( " provider " ) or value add network ( " van " ) to translate , forward and/or store such datum . 
 each party shall be responsible for the cost(s ) and associate cost(s ) of any provider or van with which 
 it contract . 
 ( v ) when the party be use edi , the requirement of the edi system will govern and will control if in 
 conflict with any other provision of this agreement . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 4.10 emergency work . in an emergency , at&t ’s representative may orally request vendor to perform 
 work . 
 4.11 hazardous material and regulated substance 
 ( a ) if vendor or its subcontractor provide material and/or service in a state other than california , then 
 subparagraph ( i ) through ( iv ) of this subsection ( a ) shall apply . 
 ( i ) a " regulated substance " as reference in this subsection be a generic term use to describe all material 
 that be regulate by the federal or any state or local government during transportation , handle and/or 
 disposal . this include , but be not limit to , material that be regulate as ( a ) " hazardous material " under 
 the hazardous material transportation act , ( b ) " chemical hazard " under the occupational safety and 
 health administration ( osha ) standard , ( c ) " chemical substance or mixture " under the toxic 
 substance control act , ( d ) " pesticide " under the federal insecticide , fungicide and rodenticide act 
 and ( e ) " hazardous waste " as define or list under the resource conservation and recovery act . 
 ( ii ) vendor shall comply with all applicable law , include any notice requirement , regard any material 
 order hereunder which contain or consist of a regulated substance or any service order hereunder 
 which involve the handling , use , storage , recycling , disposal or transportation of regulated substance . 
 vendor shall notify at&t and provide at&t with all necessary information ( include but not limit 
 osha material safety data sheet ( msds ) ) at least thirty ( 30 ) day before shipping material contain 
 or consist of regulated substance to at&t or commence the performance of service for at&t 
 involve the handling or use of regulated substance . each msds must include information indicate the 
 specific worker protection equipment requirement for use of the regulated substance cover thereby . 
 ( iii ) at&t and vendor shall cooperate concern the acceptance of any material contain or consist of a 
 regulated substance or for service involve the handling or use of regulated substance . vendor shall 
 provide assistance to at&t of an advisory nature in the handling and use of regulated substance 
 provide hereunder and the disposal of " hazardous waste " , as define by applicable law ( " hazardous 
 waste " ) , result therefrom . 
 ( iv ) vendor shall provide at&t with the same information pertain to regulate substance in the material 
 and service and use in the service it provide to at&t or hazardous waste result therefrom as 
 vendor provide to vendor ’s employee or agent involve in the disposition or treatment of such 
 regulate substance or hazardous waste . 
 ( b ) if vendor or its subcontractor provide material and/or service in the state of california , then subparagraph 
 ( i ) through ( vi ) of this subsection ( b ) shall apply . 
 ( i ) a " regulated substance " as refer to in this subsection be a generic term use to describe all material 
 that be regulate by federal or any state or local government during transportation , handle and/or 
 disposal . these include , but be not limit to , material 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 that be regulate as ( a ) " hazardous material " under the hazardous material transportation act and the 
 control of radioactive contamination law , title 8 of the california code of regulation , section 5194 , 
 and the hazardous substance information and training act , ( b ) " chemical hazard " under the 
 occupational safety and health administration ( osha ) standard , ( c ) " chemical substance and 
 mixture " under the toxic substance control act and " chemical " on the governor ’s list know to the 
 state of california to cause cancer , birth defect , and/or other reproductive harm , as that term be define in 
 the california safe drinking water and toxic enforcement act of 1986 ( " proposition 65 " ) , ( d ) 
 " pesticide " under the federal insecticide , fungicide and rodenticide act , and ( e ) " hazardous waste " as 
 define or list under the resource conservation and recovery act and the hazardous waste control 
 law . 
 ( ii ) vendor shall comply with all applicable law , include any notice requirement , regard any material 
 order hereunder which contain or consist of a regulated substance or any service order hereunder 
 which involve the use , handling , storage , recycling , disposal or transportation of regulated substance . 
 vendor shall notify at&t and provide at&t with all necessary information ( include but not limit 
 osha material safety data sheet ( msds ) ) at least thirty ( 30 ) day before shipping material contain 
 or consist of regulated substance to at&t or commence the performance of service for at&t 
 involve the handling or use of regulated substance . each msds must include information indicate the 
 specific worker protection equipment requirement for use with the regulated substance cover thereby . 
 if the regulated substance be a chemical define by proposition 65 , the msds for say chemical should 
 indicate that the chemical be one which be know to the state of california to cause cancer , birth defect or 
 other reproductive harm . vendor shall maintain and distribute such information upon request to at&t 
 and/or any other vendor at the same location . 
 ( iii ) at&t and vendor shall cooperate concern the acceptance by at&t of any material consist of or 
 contain a regulated substance or service involve the use and handling of regulated substance . 
 vendor shall provide assistance to at&t of an advisory nature in the handling and use of hazardous 
 waste provide hereunder and the disposal of hazardous waste result therefrom . 
 ( iv ) vendor shall provide at&t with the same information pertain to regulate substance in or use in the 
 material and service it provide to at&t or hazardous waste as vendor provide to vendor ’s 
 employee or agent involve in the disposition or treatment of such regulated substance . 
 ( v ) vendor shall , and shall require its subcontractor to , issue warning in accordance with proposition 65 for 
 exposure to chemical cover by proposition 65 introduce by vendor or its subcontractor to personnel 
 at at&t ’s california facility , the public and at&t from the time vendor and/or its subcontractor enter 
 at&t ’s california facilities and/or commence perform service through the completion of such 
 performance . vendor shall , and shall require its subcontractor to , warn at&t of any exposure to 
 chemical cover by proposition 65 , which may continue after vendor or its subcontractor have 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 complete the performance of service . such warning may take the form of , but not be limit to , a 
 msds for each such chemical . 
 ( vi ) vendor be hereby warn in accordance with proposition 65 that 
 exposure to chemical may occur at at&t ’s facility . vendor be also 
 hereby warn that at&t pole may contain chemical know to the 
 state of california to cause cancer in certain situation . if request , at&t 
 shall make available to vendor , its subcontractor , and any of their employee , a msds for the chemical 
 cover by proposition 65 , if any , at at&t ’s facility where vendor be provide service or in pole 
 which will be handle by or sell to vendor hereunder . vendor shall issue appropriate warning to inform 
 and educate employee , agent , subcontractor , other invitee and employee of any of they , enter 
 at&t ’s facility or handle pole hereunder of the above information in accordance with applicable 
 law . 
 4.12 identification of vendor ’s personnel and equipment . vendor ’s personnel , who may have contact 
 with the public while perform work for at&t , shall carry and display upon request identification 
 show that they be the employee of vendor . vendor ’s personnel shall be responsible for secure 
 permission to enter upon private property when entry be necessary to vendor ’s performance of the 
 service . 
 4.13 independent contractor . vendor hereby represent and warrant to at&t that : 
 ( a ) vendor be engage in an independent business and will perform all obligation under this agreement as an 
 independent contractor and not as the agent or employee of at&t; 
 ( b ) vendor ’s personnel perform service shall be consider solely the employee or agent of vendor and not 
 employee or agent of at&t; 
 ( c ) vendor have and retain the right to exercise full control of and supervision over the performance of the service 
 and full control over the employment , direction , assignment , compensation and discharge of all personnel 
 perform the services; and 
 ( d ) vendor be solely responsible for all matter relate to compensation and benefit for all of vendor ’s personnel 
 who perform service . this responsibility include , but be not limit to , ( i ) timely payment of compensation 
 and benefit , include , but not limit to , overtime , medical , dental , and any other benefit , and ( ii ) all matter 
 relate to compliance with all employer obligation to withhold employee taxis , pay employee and employer 
 taxis , and file payroll tax return and information return under local , state , and federal income tax law , 
 unemployment compensation insurance and state disability insurance tax law , social security and medicare 
 tax law , and all other payroll tax law or similar law with respect to all vendor personnel provide service . 
 vendor will indemnify , defend , and hold at&t , its affiliate , and their respective agent and employee , 
 harmless from and against all loss , arise out of or relate to vendor ’s failure to comply with this subsection 
 ( d ) , in accordance with the section title " indemnity . " 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 4.14 inspection of material . vendor shall inspect all material use in the performance of the work , whether 
 or not furnish by at&t , for defect or hazardous condition which could cause property damage , 
 personal injury , or otherwise affect the quality of the work . vendor shall report all defect or hazardous 
 condition to an at&t representative as soon as the defect have be identify . 
 4.15 inspection of work . at&t may have inspector at the cell site to inspect the performance and 
 quality of the work and to ensure vendor ’s compliance with the plan and specification and with the 
 term and condition of this agreement . any at&t inspector , employee or agent , however , shall have 
 no authority to direct or advise vendor concern the method or manner by which the work be to be 
 perform . vendor have sole authority , responsibility and control over the work and shall exercise its full 
 responsibility as an independent contractor . 
 4.16 lien 
 ( a ) at the time of location acceptance ( or , if deliver thereafter , at the time of delivery ) , the work ( include the 
 material and service provide ) shall be deliver to at&t free and clear of all lien of any kind . follow 
 location acceptance of each cell site , if any lien or notice of lien be record or stop notice be serve upon 
 at&t for or in connection with labor perform upon , or for or in connection with furnish material for use 
 in , or for or in connection with furnish appliance , team or power contribute to , the work ( include 
 without limitation lien secure indebtedness for money borrow or any obligation for the deferred 
 purchase price of property or service relate to or in connection with the work ) , vendor shall promptly 
 discharge any such lien and shall furnish at&t with release voucher or termination statement in settlement 
 and satisfaction of such lien in form satisfactory to at&t . if vendor do not settle such a lien or cause 
 the lien to be release and discharge within a reasonable period of time , not to exceed sixty ( 60 ) day after 
 the lien be file or assert , then at&t shall have the right to procure the discharge of the lien and , in such 
 event , vendor shall reimburse at&t for all money pay by at&t to procure the discharge , include cost 
 and attorney ’ fee . at&t may require vendor to prove payment of bill for service , material , or other 
 thing furnish or do for the performance of the work , before make payment to the vendor . at&t may 
 request at the time of location acceptance of each cell site that vendor furnish an affidavit , state that all 
 bill in question have be pay in full , and that there be no outstanding claim , admit or dispute , except 
 as state in the affidavit . at&t may request that vendor furnish receipt , release and lien waiver , and lien 
 termination release any lien . at&t reserve the right to pay any undisputed bill directly to such person to 
 whom it be owe and offset the amount ( plus any other amount permit under this section ) pursuant to 
 section 3.22 against any amount payable to vendor . 
 ( b ) to the extent permit by applicable state law , vendor agree that no mechanic ’s lien or other claim or 
 claim in the nature of a lien or charge shall be file or maintain by vendor or by any claimant claim 
 through vendor against the real estate own by , lease by , license to , or otherwise use or occupy by 
 at&t , or against any structured payment or maintenance fee , and that such right to file any such lien be 
 hereby expressly waive by vendor . vendor shall not serve or file any notice or document , or take any other 
 action , which 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 would be a prerequisite for file a claim for any lien . far , vendor shall include the follow language in 
 any of its contract or permit subcontract with person perform the work or furnish material or 
 service : 
 " subcontractor agree that no mechanic ’s lien or other claim or claim in the nature of a lien or charge 
 for material , labor , service or equipment in connection with the service shall be file or maintain by 
 subcontractor or by any claimant claim through subcontractor against real estate own by , lease by , 
 license to or otherwise use or occupy by vendor or at&t or against any amount due to or come 
 due from at&t to the general contractor and that any such right to file such lien , claim or charge be 
 expressly waive . " 
 in the event that any lien describe in this section 4.16(b ) be file by vendor or its subcontractor and vendor 
 do not remove such lien within sixty ( 60 ) calendar day of write notification by at&t , at&t will have 
 the right , but not the obligation , to pay such sum or take such action as it deem necessary to have such lien 
 removed or discharge , and vendor shall indemnify , defend and save at&t harmless from and against all 
 result loss , include attorney ’ fee . 
 4.17 notification of injury or damage . vendor shall promptly notify at&t of any injury , death , loss or 
 damage to person , animal , or property which be in any way relate to the work perform under this 
 agreement , even though such occurrence be not cause or contribute to by vendor , its employee , or 
 its agent . 
 4.18 protection of property . vendor shall immediately report to at&t ’s representative any hazardous or 
 unusual condition or damage to any property cause or observe by vendor or vendor ’s agent on or 
 about the property where the work be be perform . vendor agree to make reasonable effort to 
 watch for any type of unsatisfactory or unsafe plant condition in need of correction and report such to 
 at&t ’s representative . 
 4.19 release void . neither party shall require waiver or release by any person or representative of the 
 other party for visit to its premise , and no such release or waiver shall be plead by either party in 
 any action or proceeding . 
 4.20 removal and management of use battery . upon the effective date of this agreement and 
 thereafter vendor shall comply with the requirement set forth in at&t ’s appendix ba - removal and 
 management of use battery ( " rmub " ) available at http://www.attsuppliers.com/misc/appendix-ba- 
 removal - and - management - of - used- batteries.pdf and incorporate herein by reference . vendor far 
 agree to comply with the term and condition of the rmub . vendor agree to cooperate fully with 
 at&t , include complete checklist , survey , or similar documentation , to ensure that any management , 
 shipment , smelting , recycling , and/or disposal of use battery by vendor and its subcontractor on 
 behalf of at&t comply with the standard and requirement set forth in the rmub . note that the rmub 
 include at&t ’s requirement that all lead acid 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 battery use in the united states may not be export outside of the united states for recycling , 
 smelting , or other disposition . 
 4.21 resource recovery center . vendor and any subcontractor it utilize to perform the service will 
 accurately and completely fill out and sign any necessary shipping documentation on behalf of at&t or as 
 an authorized agent of at&t prior to transport hazardous waste , hazardous material , or universal 
 waste off - site for disposal . prior to leave any at&t facility with such hazardous waste , hazardous 
 material , or universal waste for disposal off - site , vendor shall sign and date any require shipping 
 documentation on behalf of at&t and provide a copy of the sign shipping document to the 
 responsible at&t employee . vendor shall subsequently fax a copy of the final shipping document ( with 
 signature ) to the at&t rrc for retention in the project file ( if applicable ) and mail the original generator 
 copy to the rrc not more than fifteen ( 15 ) day after pick - up . documentation shall be mail to the 
 appropriate address as detail below : 
 outside of california : at&t services inc . , attn : environment , health & safety ( eh&s ) , resource 
 recovery center ( rcc ) , one at&t way , room 2c140 , bedminster , nj 07921 - - phone : ( 800 ) 566- 
 9347 ( prompt 4 ) -- fax : ( 512 ) 646 - 3596 
 california : at&t services inc . , attn : environment , health & safety ( eh&s ) , resource recovery 
 center ( rcc ) , p.o . box 5095 , room 3e000 , san ramon , can 94583 - 0995 -- phone : ( 800 ) 566 - 9347 
 ( prompt 4 ) – fax : ( 925 ) 973 - 0584 . 
 4.22 safety management 
 ( a ) vendor be responsible for the safe performance of all service provide hereunder , and shall maintain a safety 
 program appropriate to the service be perform which comply with all law and any requirement 
 applicable to the service . vendor shall have at least support membership status ( as define by nate ) with 
 the national association of tower erector ( " nate " ) , or a successor organization approve by at&t , and 
 shall be actively engage in implement good practice , safety requirement and training as advocate by the 
 nate organization or such successor organization . far , vendor , its applicable subcontractor and their 
 respective tower crew be require to be certify by a training provider recognize by nate or such 
 successor . additionally , vendor shall ensure that all tower worker have competent climber certification as 
 define by osha . 
 ( b ) at&t do not undertake to provide vendor , its subcontractor or their employee or representative with a 
 safe place to work . vendor be responsible for provide such a safe place to work and shall not be relieve of 
 its duty with regard to the safe performance of the service by reason of any conduct , act or omission of 
 any inspector , employee or representative of at&t or its landlord or customer . vendor shall take all 
 reasonable measure and precaution at all time to prevent any bodily injury ( include death ) of its 
 personnel , its subcontractor ’ personnel , and any person who be on or near the premise where such work be 
 be perform . vendor far agree to perform all work and furnish tool and equipment that comply with 
 know safety regulation , practice , and precaution , include , but not limit to , regulation under the 
 occupational safety and health act of 1970 , as amend , or regulation of any federal , state or local 
 authority . vendor shall comply with the federal 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 communication commission ( " fcc " ) regulation that cover radio frequency ( " rf " ) radiation safety , 
 include ansi c95.1 - 1982 adopt by the fcc in 1986 , and 47 cfr 1.1310 rf maximum permissible 
 exposure limit . vendor shall operate under an rf safety program , and worker must be fully aware and able 
 to exercise control over their exposure to rf field . vendor shall establish a safety organization to implement 
 safety management role and responsibility , which include training content and description , communication , 
 inspection and audit , standard and criterion , and frequency and timing of aforementioned aspect of the safety 
 program . vendor shall develop a system to record and report tower crew personnel certificate , osha , epa 
 and other federal , state and local require information for environmental and public health and safety . vendor 
 shall maintain staff necessary to provide functional oversight and perform audits to ensure compliance at the 
 national , regional , and market level . vendor shall provide a " recovery plan " within thirty ( 30 ) day of 
 experience a work - relate or osha reportable " major incident " ( hospital / death ) . such plan shall identify 
 what specific failure contribute to the incident and what practice have be or will be implement to 
 ensure that the incident do not recur . in the event of conflict between the requirement of this subsection 
 and any vendor requirement impose on its subcontractor , the strict health and safety requirement of the 
 two shall prevail . 
 4.23 technical support . vendor will provide , at no additional cost to at&t , full and complete technical 
 assistance to at&t for the material and service provision under this agreement , include ongoing 
 technical support and field service and assistance , and telephone assistance to assist with installation , 
 operation , maintenance and problem resolution as set forth in the term of the maintenance addendum . 
 the availability or performance of this technical support will not be construe as alter or affect 
 vendor ’s obligation as set forth in the " warranty " section or as provide elsewhere in this agreement . 
 field service and technical support , include emergency support ( service affecting ) , will be available on 
 call twenty - four ( 24 ) hour a day . vendor will provide to at&t , and keep current , an escalation 
 document that include name , title and telephone number , include after - hour telephone number , of 
 vendor personnel responsible for provide technical support to at&t . vendor will maintain a streamlined 
 escalation process to speed resolution of report problem . 
 4.24 testimony . matter relate to work under this agreement may be at issue before various governmental 
 body . vendor agree to have appropriate member of its company willing to testify at appropriate time 
 at no additional cost , regard any aspect of the work , unless otherwise mutually agree upon by the 
 party . 
 4.25 at&t datum and at&t derive datum ( big datum ) 
 ( a ) definition . for purpose of this section : 
 ( i ) " at&t data " mean any datum or information ( i ) of at&t or its customer , that be disclose or provide to 
 vendor by , or otherwise obtain by vendor from , at&t or any of its customer , include customer 
 information and customer proprietary network information ( as that term be define in section 222 of the 
 communication act of 1934 , as amend , 47 u.s.c . § 222 ) , as well as datum and information with 
 respect to the business , customer , 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 operation , network , system , facility , product , rate , regulatory compliance , competitor , consumer 
 market , asset , expenditure , merger , acquisition , divestiture , billing , collection , revenue and 
 finance of at&t; and ( ii ) not supply by at&t or any of its customer but create , generate , collect 
 or harvest by vendor either ( a ) in furtherance of this agreement or ( b ) as a result of vendor ’s have 
 access to at&t infrastructure , system , datum , hardware , software or process ( for example , through 
 datum processing input and output , service level measurement , or ascertainment of network and system 
 information ) . 
 ( ii ) " at&t derive datum " mean any datum or information that be a result of any modification , adaption , 
 revision , translation , abridgement , condensation , compilation , evaluation , expansion or other recasting or 
 processing of the at&t data , for example , as a result of vendor ’s observation , analysis , or visualization 
 of at&t datum arise out of the performance of vendor ’s obligation hereunder . 
 ( b ) ownership of at&t datum and at&t derive datum . 
 ( i ) at&t datum be the property of at&t . to the extent need to perfect at&t ’s ownership in at&t datum , 
 vendor hereby assign all right , title and interest in at&t datum to at&t . no transfer of title in at&t 
 datum to vendor be imply or shall occur under this agreement . at&t datum shall not be ( a ) utilize by 
 vendor for any purpose other than as require to fulfill its obligation under this agreement , ( b ) sell , 
 assign , lease , commercially exploit or otherwise provide to or access by third party , whether 
 by or on behalf of vendor , ( c ) withhold from at&t by vendor , or ( d ) use by vendor to assert any lien 
 or other right against or to it . vendor shall promptly notify at&t if vendor believe that any use of at&t 
 datum by vendor contemplate under this agreement or to be undertake as part of the performance of 
 this agreement be inconsistent with the precede sentence . 
 ( ii ) at&t shall own all right , title and interest in and to the at&t derive datum . to the extent need to 
 perfect at&t ’s ownership in at&t derive datum , vendor hereby assign all right , title and interest in 
 at&t derive datum to at&t . at&t grant to vendor a license to access , use , and copy the at&t 
 derive datum , with no right to grant sublicense , solely for the performance of vendor ’s obligation during 
 the term of this agreement and solely in compliance with at&t ’s privacy policy , include obligation 
 relate to customer information . for the avoidance of doubt , vendor shall not create or develop at&t 
 derive datum after the expiration or termination of this agreement . 
 ( iii ) vendor shall promptly deliver at&t datum and at&t derive datum to at&t at no cost to at&t , and in 
 the format , on the medium and in the timing prescribe by at&t ( i ) at any time at at&t ’s request , ( ii ) at 
 the expiration or termination of this agreement and the completion of any request termination assistance 
 service or ( iii ) with respect to particular at&t datum or at&t derive datum , at such early date that 
 such datum be no long require by vendor to perform the service . thereafter , vendor shall return or 
 destroy , as direct by at&t , all copy of the at&t data and at&t derive datum in vendor ’s 
 possession or under vendor ’s control within ten ( 10 ) business day and deliver to at&t write 
 certification of such return or destruction sign by an officer of vendor . 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 ( iv ) the provision of this section shall apply to all at&t data and at&t derive datum , regardless of 
 whether such datum be first disclose or otherwise provide to , or create , developed , modify , recast 
 or process by , vendor before , on or after the effective date of this agreement , and shall survive the 
 expiration or termination of this agreement . vendor shall secure at&t datum and at&t derive datum 
 pursuant to the provision applicable to at&t information under the section title " at&t supplier 
 information security requirement ( sisr ) . " vendor ’s obligation to return at&t datum and at&t 
 derive datum upon at&t ’s request shall not apply to such datum which , at the time of at&t ’s request for 
 return , be no long retain by or on behalf of vendor . 
 4.26 business continuity plan . vendor shall maintain and upon at&t ’s request , promptly furnish to at&t 
 supplier ’s business continuity plan that comply with the requirement set forth in appendix f - business 
 continuity plan requirement ( bcpr ) available at http://attsuppliers.com/downloads/business-continuity- 
 plan-requirements-bcpr.pdf , and incorporate herein by reference , which may be change from time to 
 time by at&t . 
 4.27 change in law . if at&t become aware of any change in law or propose change in law , or there 
 occur a change in law , that have or reasonably would be expect to have an adverse impact on the 
 aggregate cost or aggregate benefit of transaction contemplate by this agreement to at&t ( include 
 without limitation by cause at&t to incur taxis , cost , loss or expense as a result of or in connection 
 with the transaction contemplate by this agreement that be incremental to those that would have be 
 incur by at&t in the absence of such change in law ) , then at&t may , as promptly as reasonably 
 practicable , inform the vendor in writing of the change in law or anticipate change in law and the 
 impact or expect impact to at&t ( a " change in law notice " ) . within fifteen ( 15 ) day after at&t ’s 
 delivery of a change in law notice , vendor and at&t shall meet in good faith to formulate an action 
 plan to mitigate , minimize or eliminate the impact of such change in law on at&t , which , upon the 
 party ' mutual agreement , may include restructure the transaction contemplate by this agreement , 
 and/or adjustment(s ) to pricing , fee and cost or material or service hereunder . 
 4.28 foss 
 ( a ) for purpose of this section , " foss " mean any and all freeware , open source software or shareware use 
 or include in , or combine by or on behalf of vendor with , the deliverable or otherwise provide by or on 
 behalf of vendor under this agreement; and a " foss disclosure " mean a complete , current , and accurate 
 listing of all foss , which identify for each foss component : ( i ) the component name; ( ii ) its version or 
 release number; ( iii ) its web site url of origin; ( iv ) the applicable software license and its version number; ( v ) 
 the url where vendor identify or set forth the applicable software license; ( vi ) a brief ( e.g. , one- line ) 
 description of the purpose of the component; and ( vii ) how the component be link within the deliverable or 
 as otherwise provide . a foss disclosure may be provide in the form of a web site make accessible to 
 at&t where vendor post the forego information . 
 ( b ) upon at&t ’s request vendor shall promptly , but in any event within thirty ( 30 ) day of such request , furnish 
 to at&t a foss disclosure that be complete , current and accurate when 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 furnish . neither response nor non - response by at&t concern the receipt or non - receipt of any foss 
 disclosure or any reference to foss in the agreement shall be deem as acceptance , approval or 
 acquiescence by at&t that vendor ’s use of the foss comply with the legal requirement of applicable 
 foss license(s ) , or be suitable for the intent and purpose furnish hereunder . after receive any foss 
 disclosure , at&t may , upon write notice to vendor , ask vendor to use alternate foss ( or other alternate 
 software ) , if reasonably warrant to avert a risk that the right of at&t or its third - party contractor in any 
 proprietary software may be compromise . in that event , if vendor can not or will not use such alternate 
 foss , then at&t may immediately terminate the relevant purchase or funding commitment under this 
 agreement , without further cost , expense or liability to at&t . 
 ( c ) vendor represent and warrant to at&t : ( i ) that vendor have satisfy all its obligation to any third party 
 with respect to all foss and the applicable foss license ( include , for example , any obligation to make 
 publicly available the foss source code for modification to such foss); ( ii ) that the foss , in the form 
 provide to at&t , be suitable for the intent and purpose furnish hereunder; ( iii ) that use of the foss in 
 such form for such intent and purpose in no manner create any add obligation on the part of at&t 
 ( include , for example , the payment of any additional monie ) , or diminishe , condition or eliminate any of 
 the right , title , or interest that vendor grant at&t in or to any deliverable or that vendor may otherwise 
 provide at&t under this agreement; and ( iv ) that use of the foss in such form for such intent and purpose , 
 include , but not limit to , at&t ’s use or combination of the foss , in the form provide to at&t , with 
 any proprietary software of at&t or at&t ’s third - party contractor , do not subject at&t to any 
 obligation of disclosure or distribution to any third party or to the public of any such proprietary software , or 
 otherwise make such proprietary software subject to the term of any foss license or impair at&t ’s or its 
 third - party contractor ’ right , title , or interest in or to such proprietary software . 
 ( d ) in the event that at&t notifie vendor or vendor become aware of vendor ’s noncompliance with any foss 
 license term , then in either case , vendor shall use all reasonable effort promptly to cure such noncompliance 
 so as to eliminate risk of public disclosure of proprietary software and prevent disruption of any at&t 
 business activity . vendor shall promptly notify at&t of all action take by vendor to cure such 
 noncompliance . should at&t receive notice from any third party alleging act or omission which , 
 notwithstanding at&t ’s use of the foss for the intent and purpose furnish hereunder , constitute 
 noncompliance with any foss license term , then promptly upon at&t ’s notice to vendor of such allegation , 
 vendor shall indemnify , defend and hold harmless at&t against such allegation in accordance with vendor ’s 
 obligation to do so as set forth elsewhere in this agreement , in a manner that preserve any proprietary 
 software of at&t or its third - party contractor from any public disclosure obligation or any other foss 
 license noncompliance allegation . 
 5.1 execution of agreement 
 5.1 transmission of original signature and execute multiple counterpart . original signature 
 transmit and receive via facsimile or other electronic transmission of a 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 scan document ( e.g. , pdf or similar format ) be true and valid signature for all purpose hereunder and 
 shall bind the party to the same extent as that of original signature . this agreement may be execute in 
 multiple counterpart , each of which shall be deem to constitute an original but all of which together shall 
 constitute only one document . 
 [ signature page follow ] 
 proprietary and confidential 
 this agreement and information contain therein be not for use or disclosure outside of at&t , its affiliate , and 
 third party representative , and vendor except under write agreement by the contracting party . 

 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019 
 in witness whereof , the party have cause this agreement to be execute as of the date the last party 
 sign . 
 commnet wireless , llc 
 at&t mobility llc 
 by at&t services , inc . , 
 its authorized representative 
 by : /s/ joseph moravec 
 by : /s/ susan a. johnson 
 print name : joseph moravec 
 print name : susan a. johnson 
 title : president 
 title : evp , global connection & supply chain 
 date : july 31 , 2019 
 date : july 31 , 2019 
 source : atn international , inc . , 10 - q , 11/8/2019