exhibit 2.6 
 final version 
 form of 
 manufacturing and supply agreement 
 by and between 
 pfizer inc . 
 and 
 upjohn inc . 
 date as of [ ● ] 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 table of content 
 .    definition 

 2 .    supply of product 

 2.1     agreement to supply 

 2.2     use of facility , equipment , mold and tooling 

 2.3     capacity 

 2.4     forecast and purchase order 

 2.5     failure to supply 

 2.6     delivery; risk of loss 

 2.7     procurement of material 

 2.8     product sample 

 2.9     storage 

 2.10    transitional support 

 3 .    price; payment; price adjustments; taxis 

 3.1     price 

 3.2     price adjustment 

 3.3     cost improvement 

 3.4     price review and audit procedure 

 3.5     invoice and payment 

 3.6     taxis 

 3.7     no duplicative payment 

 4 .    manufacturing standard and quality assurance 

 4.1     quality agreement 

 4.2     manufacturing standard 

 4.3     manufacturing change 

 4.4     p control 

 4.5     legal and regulatory filing and request 

 4.6     quality test and check 

 4.7     responsibility for non - complying product 

 4.8     rejection of non - complying product 

 4.9     disposal of reject and non - complying product 

 4.10    maintenance and retention of record 

 4.11    government inspection , seizure and recall 

 4.12    inspection 

 4.13    segregation of restricted compound 

 4.14    packaging material 

 5 .    covenant 

 5.1     mutual covenant 

 5.2     manufacturer covenant 

 5.3     manufacturer ’s social responsibility 

 -ii- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 table of content 
 ( continue ) 
 .4     notice of material event 

 5.5     disclaimer of warranty 

 6 .    environmental covenant 

 6.1     compliance with environmental law 

 6.2     permit , license and authorization 

 6.3     generation of hazardous waste 

 6.4     environmental sustainability information 

 6.5     environmental and health and safety review 

 7 .    term; termination 

 7.1     term of agreement 

 7.2     term of facility addendum 

 7.3     termination for cause 

 7.4     termination for disposition of facility 

 7.5     termination in event of insolvency 

 7.6     termination for breach of anti - bribery representation 

 7.7     termination for convenience by customer 

 7.8     effect of termination or expiration 

 7.9     unused material 

 7.10    return of material , tool and equipment 

 8 .    intellectual property 

 8.1     customer ’s intellectual property 

 8.2     improvement and development 

 8.3     ownership of other property 

 8.4     limit right to use 

 9 .    joint advisory committee 

 9.1     formation and role 

 9.2     membership; chair 

 9.3     meeting 

 9.4     area of responsibility 

 9.5     advisory role; no decision - make authority 

 10 .    indemnification; limitation of liability 

 10.1    indemnification of customer 

 10.2    indemnification of manufacturer 

 10.3    indemnification procedure 

 10.4    limitation on liability 

 10.5    indemnification obligation net of insurance proceed and other amount 

 10.6    additional matter 

 -iii- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 table of content 
 ( continue ) 
 .    insurance 

 11.1    requirement to maintain 

 11.2    amount and limit 

 12 .    customer - supply materials; buy - sell materials; transition 

 12.1    supply; rejection; transition 

 12.2    title and risk of loss 

 12.3    reimbursement for loss of customer - supply material 

 13 .    confidentiality 

 14 .    supply chain security 

 14.1    supply chain representation 

 14.2    c - tpat 

 15 .    record and audit 

 15.1    record 

 15.2    audit 

 16 .    notice 

 17 .    miscellaneous 

 17.1    negotiation of dispute 

 17.2    publicity 

 17.3    govern law and venue 

 17.4    relationship of the party 

 17.5    assignment; bind effect 

 17.6    force majeure 

 17.7    severability 

 17.8    non - waiver; remedy 

 17.9    further document 

 17.10    form 

 17.11    headings; interpretation 

 17.12    rule of construction 

 17.13    counterpart 

 17.14    amendment 

 17.15    entire agreement 

 attachment a 
 form of facility addendum 
 attachment b 
 quality agreement 
 attachment c 
 monthly inventory report 
 attachment d 
 anti - bribery and anti - corruption principle 
 attachment e 
 policy 
 attachment f 
 example product material adjustment calculation 
 attachment g 
 example price calculation of volume change pricing adjustment 
 -iv- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 manufacturing and supply agreement 
 this manufacturing and supply agreement ( this " agreement " ) , date as of [ ● ] ( the " effective date " ) , be by and between pfizer inc . , a 
 delaware corporation ( hereinafter " manufacturer " ) , and upjohn inc . , a delaware corporation ( hereinafter " customer " ) . manufacturer and customer may 
 be refer to herein individually as a " party " or collectively as the " party " . 
 w I t n e s s e t h : 
 whereas , pfizer inc . ( " pluto " ) and upjohn inc . ( " spinco " ) have enter into a separation and distribution agreement , date as of july 29 , 2019 
 ( as amend , modify or supplement from time to time in accordance with its term , the " separation agreement " ) , pursuant to which pluto and spinco 
 have agree to separate the spinco business from the pluto business so that , as of the distribution date , the spinco business shall be hold by member 
 of the spinco group and the pluto business be hold by member of the pluto group ( the " separation”); 
 whereas , after the separation , spinco shall become a standalone publicly trade company , pursuant to the term of the separation agreement 
 and a business combination agreement , date as of july 29 , 2019 ( the " business combination agreement " ) , by and among pluto , spinco , mylan n.v . , a 
 public company with limited liability incorporate under the law of the netherland , and certain of their affiliates; and 
 whereas , in connection with the separation , the party be enter into this agreement , pursuant to which customer desire to procure from 
 manufacturer , and manufacturer desire to supply or cause one of its affiliate to supply to customer , product for sale by customer or its affiliate in 
 the territory during the term , upon the term and subject to the condition set forth herein . 
 now , therefore , in consideration of these premise and the covenant and agreement set forth herein , and intend to be legally bind 
 thereby , the party hereby agree as follow : 
 1 . 
 definition . 
 as use in this agreement , the follow capitalize term shall have the meaning set forth below . capitalize term not otherwise define in this 
 agreement shall have the meaning ascribe to such term in the separation agreement . 
 1.1 
 " accounting method " mean u.s . generally accept accounting principle ( gaap ) or , if otherwise agree by the party , an alternative 
 accounting method use in the ordinary course of business . 
 1.2 
 " act " mean the u.s . federal food , drug , and cosmetic act , as amend . 
 1.3 
 " action " mean any demand , action , claim , dispute , suit , countersuit , arbitration , inquiry , subpoena , proceeding or investigation of any 
 nature ( whether criminal , civil , legislative , administrative , regulatory , prosecutorial or otherwise ) by or before any federal , state , local , foreign 
 or international governmental authority or any arbitration or mediation tribunal . 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.4 
 " additional quantity " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.4(c ) . 
 1.5 
 " affected product " shall have the meaning set forth in section 10.4(a ) . 
 1.6 
 " affiliate(s ) " mean , when use with respect to a specified person , a person that control , be control by , or be under common control with 
 such specify person . as use herein , " control " ( include , with correlative meaning , " control by " and " under common control with " ) , 
 when use with respect to any specified person shall mean the possession , directly or indirectly , of the power to direct or cause the 
 direction of the management and policy of such person , whether through the ownership of vote security or other interest , by 
 contract , agreement , obligation , indenture , instrument , lease , promise , arrangement , release , warranty , commitment , undertaking or 
 otherwise . it be expressly agree that , from and after the effective date , solely for purpose of this agreement ( a ) each member of the spinco 
 group shall be deem to not be an affiliate of any member of the pluto group and ( b ) each member of the pluto group shall be deem to 
 not be an affiliate of any member of the spinco group . 
 1.7 
 " agreement " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.8 
 " api " mean active pharmaceutical ingredient . 
 1.9 
 " batch size " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.4(e)(ii ) . 
 1.10 
 " bind forecast period " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.4(b ) . 
 1.11 
 " bulk drug product " mean product that have be manufacture into a final pharmaceutical product follow a specific formulation and set 
 of specification , include drug substance ( e.g. , tablet or granule ) for administration to human but have not be package for use or for 
 commercialization . 
 1.12 
 " business combination agreement " shall have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 1.13 
 " business day " mean ( a ) any day other than a saturday , sunday or a day on which banking institution be authorize or obligate by 
 law to be close in new york , new york or ( b ) with respect to those activity specific to a facility , any day other than any day on which 
 bank locate in the city and country in which the facility be locate be authorize or obligate to be close . 
 1.14 
 " buy - sell material " mean the material that customer sell to manufacturer for use in manufacturing product for customer under the 
 term of this agreement and as set forth in the applicable facility addendum . for the avoidance of doubt , buy - sell material be 
 distinguishable from and exclusive of both product material and customer - supply material . 
 -2- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.15 
 " conflict mineral " shall have the meaning set forth in section 5.3(c ) . 
 1.16 
 " conversion cost markup " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.5(e ) . 
 1.17 
 " conversion cost " mean , with respect to a give product , ( a ) direct and indirect labor cost , ( b ) equipment cost , include depreciation , 
 ( c ) laboratory and quality control cost at the applicable facility , include product testing and on - go stability study , ( d ) quality 
 assurance cost , ( e ) general site and manufacturing support cost for resource that support the manufacture of the applicable product 
 ( include utility , warehousing , consumable , maintenance , engineering , safety , human resource , finance , information technology , plant 
 management and other similar activity , capital improvement in the form of depreciation , an allocation of cost for above site service 
 provide to the applicable facility for resource that support the manufacture of the applicable product and an allowance for inventory loss , 
 in each case , at the facility - level ) , ( f ) cost pay to third party manufacturer for the manufacture and supply of such product ( or 
 component thereof ) , ( g ) all cost associate with the performance of manufacturer ’s obligation under section 4.6 , include all activity , 
 test and check set forth therein , and ( h ) cost pay to third party contractor for service provide in connection with the manufacture 
 and supply of such product , in each case associate with such product . 
 1.18 
 " cpp " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.5(a ) . 
 1.19 
 " c - tpat " mean the custom - trade partnership against terrorism program of the u.s . bureau of customs and border protection . 
 1.20 
 " c - tpat benefit " mean the expect benefit afford to importer that have join c - tpat relate to substantially few of their import 
 be inspect and , hence , few supply chain delay . 
 1.21 
 " current good manufacture practice " or " cgmp " mean all applicable standard and applicable law ( as define below ) relate to 
 manufacturing practice for product ( include ingredient , testing , storage , handling , intermediate , bulk and finished product ) 
 promulgate by the fda or any other applicable governmental authority ( include , without limitation , eu or member state level ) having 
 jurisdiction , include , but not limit to , standard in the form of applicable law , guideline , advisory opinion and compliance policy 
 guide and current interpretation of the applicable authority or agency thereof ( as applicable to pharmaceutical and biological product 
 and ingredient ) , as the same may be update , supplement or amend from time to time . 
 1.22 
 " customer " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.23 
 " customer indemnify party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 10.1(a ) . 
 1.24 
 " customer - own improvement and development " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.2(b ) . 
 -3- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.25 
 " customer property " mean all intellectual property , together with all material , datum , writing and other property in any form whatsoever , 
 which be ( a ) own or control by customer or its affiliate as of and follow the effective date and ( b ) provide to manufacturer by or 
 on behalf of customer or its personnel under this agreement . 
 1.26 
 " customer - supply material " mean the material supply by customer to manufacturer under the term of this agreement and as set 
 forth in the applicable facility addendum . for the avoidance of doubt , customer - supply material be distinguishable from and exclusive 
 of both product material and buy - sell material . 
 1.27 
 " delivery " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.6(a ) . 
 1.28 
 " development " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.2(a ) . 
 1.29 
 " effective date " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.30 
 " environmental law " mean any law relate to ( a ) human or occupational health and safety; ( b ) pollution or protection of the 
 environment ( include ambient air , indoor air , water vapor , surface water , groundwater , wetland , drink water supply , land surface or 
 subsurface strata , biota and other natural resources); or ( c ) exposure to , or use , generation , manufacture , processing , management , 
 treatment , recycling , storage , disposal , emission , discharge , transport , distribution , labeling , presence , possession , handling , release or 
 threaten release of , any hazardous or toxic material , substance or waste and any law relate to recordkeeping , notification , disclosure , 
 registration and reporting requirement respect hazardous or toxic material , substance or waste . 
 1.31 
 " environmental liability " mean any liability arise under environmental law . 
 1.32 
 " exclusive purchase requirement " mean , on a product sku - by - product sku and country - by country basis within the applicable territory , 
 ( a ) in the first two ( 2 ) year of the initial term , one hundred percent ( 100 ) of customer ’s total requirement for such product sku and ( b ) 
 in the third ( 3rd ) year of the initial term , fifty percent ( 50 ) of customer ’s total requirement for such product sku; provide , however , that 
 ( x ) such quantity of product reasonably procure by customer to qualify a back - up supplier for such product shall be exclude from the 
 exclusive purchase requirement , and ( y ) for the avoidance of doubt , customer may commercialize such quantity of product procure 
 under ( x ) above without violate the applicable exclusive purchase requirement or related provision in section 2.1(e ) . 
 1.33 
 " exclusive purchase requirement suspension period " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.5(b ) . 
 -4- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.34 
 " exclusivity period " mean the three ( 3 ) year period immediately follow the effective date , as such period may be early terminate 
 pursuant to this agreement . 
 1.35 
 " extension period " shall have the meaning ( a ) with respect to this agreement , as set forth in section 7.1 and ( b ) with respect to a facility 
 addendum , as set forth in section 7.2 . 
 1.36 
 " facility " mean , with respect to a give product , manufacturer ’s manufacturing facility locate at the address set forth in the applicable 
 facility addendum for such product and such other facility permit pursuant to this agreement and any applicable facility addendum 
 to be use by manufacturer in the manufacture , packaging or storage of ( a ) such product or ( b ) material utilize in the manufacture or 
 storage of such product hereunder . 
 1.37 
 " facility addendum " mean a document execute by the party or their respective affiliate for one or more product to be manufacture 
 in a facility pursuant to this agreement , which shall be substantially in the form of attachment a to this agreement . 
 1.38 
 " facility conversion cost " mean , with respect to a give facility and fiscal year , the sum of all product conversion cost for product 
 manufacture for customer or the applicable affiliate of customer at such facility during such fiscal year . 
 1.39 
 " facility conversion cost adjustment fiscal year " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(b)(i ) . 
 1.40 
 " facility conversion cost baseline fiscal year " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(b)(i ) . 
 1.41 
 " facility conversion cost threshold " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(b)(i ) . 
 1.42 
 " facility disposition " shall have the meaning set forth in section 7.4 . 
 1.43 
 " facility actual product material cost " mean , with respect to a give facility and fiscal year , the sum of all actual cost of product 
 material for product manufacture for customer or the applicable affiliate of customer at such facility during such fiscal year . 
 1.44 
 " facility estimate product material cost " mean , with respect to a give facility and fiscal year , the sum of all estimate cost , as 
 determine in good faith by manufacturer and notify to customer prior to the beginning of such fiscal year , of product material for 
 product manufacture for customer or the applicable affiliate of customer at such facility during such fiscal year . 
 1.45 
 " familial relative(s ) " mean a parent , spouse , child or sibling ( include any such relationship form by marriage ) . 
 -5- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.46 
 " fda " mean the u.s . food and drug administration or any successor agency . 
 1.47 
 " finish product " mean product that have be package for commercialization and distribution to patient incorporate bulk drug 
 product . 
 1.48 
 " firm order " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.4(b ) . 
 1.49 
 " fiscal year " mean each twelve - month fiscal period commence on january 1 with respect to facility locate in the united states and 
 december 1 for all other facility , in each case , during the term . 
 1.50 
 " force majeure event " shall have the meaning set forth in section 17.6 . 
 1.51 
 " forecast " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.4(b ) . 
 1.52 
 " form " shall have the meaning set forth in section 17.10 . 
 1.53 
 " global trade control law " mean all applicable economic sanction , export and import control law , regulation and order . 
 1.54 
 " government " mean all level and subdivision of u.s . and non - u.s . government ( i.e. , local , regional or national and administrative , 
 legislative or executive ) . 
 1.55 
 " government official " mean ( a ) any elected or appoint governmental official ( e.g. , a member of a ministry of health ) , ( b ) any employee or 
 person act for or on behalf of a governmental official , agency or enterprise perform a governmental function , ( c ) any candidate for 
 public office , political party officer , employee or person act for or on behalf of a political party or candidate for public office or ( d ) any 
 person otherwise categorize as a government official under local law . as use in this definition , " government " be mean to include all 
 level and subdivision of u.s . and non - u.s . government ( i.e. , local , regional or national and administrative , legislative or executive ) . 
 1.56 
 " governmental authority " mean any nation or government , any state , municipality or other political subdivision thereof , and any entity , 
 body , agency , commission , department , board , bureau , court , tribunal or other instrumentality , whether federal , state , local , domestic , foreign 
 or multinational , exercise executive , legislative , judicial , tax , regulatory , administrative or other similar function of , or pertain to , 
 government and any executive official thereof . 
 1.57 
 " hazardous material " mean ( a ) any petroleum or petroleum product , radioactive material , toxic mold , radon , asbestos or asbestos- 
 contain material in any form , lead - base paint , urea formaldehyde foam insulation or polychlorinated biphenyls; and ( b ) any chemical , 
 material , substance , compound , mixture , product or byproduct , biological agent , living or genetically modify material , pollutant , 
 contaminant or waste that be now or hereafter become define , regulated or characterize as or include in the definition of " hazardous 
 substance , " " hazardous waste , " " hazardous material , " " extremely hazardous waste , " " restrict hazardous waste , " " special waste , " 
 " toxic substance , " " pollutant , " " contaminant , " " toxic , " " dangerous , " " corrosive , " " flammable , " " reactive , " " radioactive , " or word of 
 similar import , under any environmental law . 
 -6- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.58 
 " improvement " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.2(a ) . 
 1.59 
 " increment " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.4(e)(ii ) . 
 1.60 
 " indemnify party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 10.3(a ) . 
 1.61 
 " indemnitee " shall have the meaning set forth in section 10.3(a ) . 
 1.62 
 " indemnity payment " shall have the meaning set forth in section 10.5(a ) . 
 1.63 
 " in - flight or shared volume product " mean those product identify as such in a facility addendum . 
 1.64 
 " initial price " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(a ) . 
 1.65 
 " initial price term " mean , with respect to a product set forth in a facility addendum , the period of time begin on the effective date 
 and end on the last day of the first full fiscal year of the term of such facility addendum . 
 1.66 
 " initial term " shall have the meaning ( a ) with respect to this agreement , set forth in section 7.1 and ( b ) with respect to a facility 
 addendum , set forth in section 7.2 . 
 1.67 
 " insolvent party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 7.5 . 
 1.68 
 " insurance proceed " mean those monie ( a ) receive by an insure from an insurance carrier; ( b ) pay by an insurance carrier on behalf of 
 the insured; or ( c ) receive ( include by way of setoff ) from any person in the nature of insurance , contribution or indemnification in 
 respect of any liability , in each of case ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) , net of any applicable premium adjustment ( include reserve or retention and 
 retrospectively rat premium adjustment ) and net of any cost or expense incur in the collection thereof . 
 1.69 
 " intellectual property " mean all intellectual property right throughout the world , include : ( a ) patent and patent application and all 
 relate provisional , divisional , continuation , continuation - in - part , reissue , reexamination , extension and substitution of any of the 
 foregoing; ( b ) trademark , service mark , name , corporate name , trade name , domain name , social medium name , tag or handle , logo , 
 slogan , trade dress , design right , and other similar designation of source or origin , together with the goodwill symbolize by any of the 
 foregoing , whether or not register or apply for registration , include common law trademark rights; ( c ) copyright and copyrightable 
 subject matter , whether or not register or apply for registration; ( d ) technical , scientific , regulatory and other information , design , idea , 
 invention ( whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduce to practice ) , research and development , discovery , result , 
 -7- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 creation , improvement , know - how , technique and datum ( include biological , chemical , pharmacological , toxicological , pharmaceutical , 
 physical and analytical , safety , quality control , manufacturing and preclinical and clinical datum ) , technology , algorithm , procedure , plan , 
 process , practice , method , trade secret , instruction , formulae , formulation , composition , specification , and marketing , pricing , 
 distribution , cost and sale information , tool , material , apparatus , creation , improvement , work of authorship in any medium , 
 confidential , proprietary or nonpublic information , and other similar material , and all recording , graph , drawing , report , analysis and 
 other writing , and other tangible embodiment of the foregoing in any form whether or not list herein , in each case , other than software; 
 ( e ) software; and ( f ) application , registration and common law right for the foregoing . 
 1.70 
 " jac chair " shall have the meaning set forth in section 9.2(b ) . 
 1.71 
 " jac meeting " shall have the meaning set forth in section 9.3(a ) . 
 1.72 
 " jac member " shall have the meaning set forth in section 9.2(a ) . 
 1.73 
 " joint advisory committee " or " jac " shall have the meaning set forth in section 9.1 . 
 1.74 
 " late payment date " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.5 . 
 1.75 
 " latent defect " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.8(a ) . 
 1.76 
 " law " mean any u.s . and non - u.s . federal , national , international , multinational , supranational , state , provincial , local or similar law 
 ( include common law and privacy and datum protection law ) , statute , ordinance , regulation , rule , code , order , treaty ( include any tax 
 treaty on income or capital ) , bind judicial or administrative interpretation or other requirement or rule of law or legal process , in each case , 
 enact , promulgate , issue , enter or otherwise put into effect by a governmental authority or any rule or requirement of any security 
 exchange . 
 1.77 
 " loss " mean any and all damage , loss , deficiency , liability , taxis , obligation , penalty , judgment , settlement , claim , 
 payment , fine , charge , interest , cost and expense , whether or not result from third - party claim , include the cost and expense 
 of any and all action and demand , assessment , judgment , settlement and compromise relate thereto and the reasonable cost and 
 expense of attorney ' , accountant ' , consultant ' and other professional ’ fee and expense incur in the investigation or defense 
 thereof or the enforcement of right hereunder . 
 1.78 
 " make to order product " mean all product that be identify as " make to order product " in the applicable facility addendum . 
 1.79 
 " manufacturer " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 -8- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.80 
 " manufacturer indemnify party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 10.2(a ) . 
 1.81 
 " manufacturer - own improvement and development " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.2(c ) . 
 1.82 
 " manufacturer third party supplier " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.7(a ) . 
 1.83 
 " manufacturing change " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.3(a ) . 
 1.84 
 " minimum order quantity " shall have the meaning set forth in the applicable facility addendum with respect to each product . 
 1.85 
 " non - complying buy - sell material " mean any buy - sell material that , as of or prior to its delivery by or on behalf of customer or its 
 affiliate to manufacturer or its affiliate or designee pursuant to this agreement , do not comply in all material respect with , or have not 
 be use , handle or store in all material respect in accordance with , the specification for such buy - sell material , all applicable law , 
 cgmp , the quality agreement , this agreement or the applicable facility addendum . 
 1.86 
 " non - complying customer - supply material " mean any customer - supply material that , as of or prior to its delivery by or on behalf of 
 customer or its affiliate to manufacturer or its affiliate or designee pursuant to this agreement , do not comply in all material respect 
 with , or have not be use , handle or store in all material respect in accordance with , the specification for such customer - supply 
 material , all applicable law , cgmp , the quality agreement , this agreement or the applicable facility addendum . 
 1.87 
 " non - complying product " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.7 . 
 1.88 
 " party " or " party " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.89 
 " person " mean an individual , a general or limited partnership , a corporation , a trust , a joint venture , an unincorporated organization , a 
 limited liability entity , any other entity and any governmental authority . 
 1.90 
 " personnel " mean , with respect to a party , such party ’s affiliate , contractor and agent together with such party ’s and its affiliate ' , 
 contractor ' and agent ' respective individual employee , contractor and other agent . 
 1.91 
 " pluto " shall have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 1.92 
 " price " mean , with respect to a product : 
 ( a ) 
 during the initial price term , the initial price of such product; and 
 -9- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) 
 after the initial price term , the adjusted price for such product , as calculate on a fiscal year basis , in accordance with section 3.2 . 
 1.93 
 " product " mean a product specify in the applicable facility addendum which , for the avoidance of doubt , include all applicable sku 
 of such product , in each case , as the same may be amend from time to time by the mutual write agreement of the party . 
 1.94 
 " product conversion cost " mean , with respect to a give product , the total unit of such product anticipate to be ship or actually 
 ship , as applicable , during a give fiscal year ( determine in a manner consistent with manufacturer ’s customary practice ) multiply 
 by the per - unit conversion cost for such product for such fiscal year . 
 1.95 
 " product material " mean all raw material ( include , without limitation , active pharmaceutical ingredient and excipient ) , label or 
 packaging material and component need for the manufacture and supply of a give product . for the avoidance of doubt , product 
 material be distinguishable from and exclusive of both buy - sell material and customer - supply material . 
 1.96 
 " product sku " mean the specific stock keeping unit ( sku ) number for a give product supply for sale in a give country or region in 
 the applicable territory , in each case , as such sku number may be update from time to time . 
 1.97 
 " purchase order " mean a written or electronic order form submit by customer in accordance with the term of this agreement to 
 manufacturer authorize the manufacture and supply of a give product . 
 1.98 
 " quality agreement " mean those supplemental quality provision set forth in any quality agreement between manufacturer and 
 customer relate to a facility , as the same may be amend or modify from time to time by mutual write agreement of the party . the 
 form of quality agreement for each facility be attach hereto as attachment b. 
 1.99 
 " recall " mean a " recall " , " correction " or " market withdrawal " and shall include any post - sale warning or mailing of information . 
 1.100 
 " receive site " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.10(a ) . 
 1.101 
 " record retention period " shall have the meaning set forth in section 15.1 . 
 1.102 
 " record " mean any book , document , accounting procedure and practice and other datum , regardless of type or form , of all matter 
 relate to manufacturer ’s performance of its obligation under this agreement that enable manufacturer to demonstrate compliance with 
 such obligation , include , without limitation , manufacturer ’s compliance with applicable law . 
 -10- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.103 
 " regulatory approval " mean the permit , approval , consent , registration , license , authorization or certificate of a governmental authority 
 necessary for the manufacturing , distribution , use , promotion and sale of a product for one or more indication in a country or other 
 regulatory jurisdiction , include approval of new drug application and biologic license application ( each as define by applicable 
 law ) in the united states and marketing authorization ( as such term be define by applicable law ) in the european union . 
 1.104 
 " release " mean any release , spill , emission , leaking , dumping , pumping , injection , pouring , deposit , disposal , discharge , dispersal , leach 
 or migration into or through the indoor or outdoor environment ( include ambient air , surface water , groundwater , land surface or 
 subsurface strata , soil and sediment ) or into , through or within any property , building , structure , fixture or equipment . 
 1.105 
 " restrict market " mean , as applicable and as may be update from time to time , in each case , under global trade control law , the 
 crimean peninsula , cuba , the donbass region , iran , north korea , and syria . 
 1.106 
 " restricted party " mean any : ( a ) individual or entity place on list maintain by an applicable governmental authority , include those 
 establish under the act , the list of exclude individual / entity publish by the u.s . health and human service office of inspector 
 general , the regulation administer by the u.s . department of the treasury office of foreign asset control , the u.s . department of 
 commerce bureau of industry and security , or similar list of restrict party maintain by the governmental authority of the country 
 that have jurisdiction over the activity conduct under this agreement; ( b ) individual or entity suspend or debar from contracting 
 with the u.s . government; or ( c ) any entity in the aggregate own or control , directly or indirectly , fifty percent ( 50 ) or great by one 
 or more such individual or entity describe in clause ( a ) . 
 1.107 
 " separation " shall have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 1.108 
 " separation agreement " shall have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 1.109 
 " serialization " mean the assigning of a unique identification code on a give product unit or product unit of sale at the primary , 
 secondary and/or tertiary level for the purpose assure authenticity and/or tracking and trace of the movement of a give product 
 through the entire supply chain . 
 1.110 
 " service taxis " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.6(b ) . 
 1.111 
 " specification " mean the specification for the manufacture , processing , packaging , labeling , testing and testing procedure , shipping , 
 storage and supply of a give product , include all formulae , know - how , raw material requirement , analytical procedure and standard 
 of quality control , quality assurance and sanitation , set forth with respect to such product in the applicable regulatory approval(s ) and 
 provide by customer to manufacturer . 
 -11- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 1.112 
 " spinco " shall have the meaning set forth in the recital . 
 1.113 
 " standard cost " mean , with respect to a give product in a give fiscal year , an amount equal to : 
 ( a ) 
 the cost of product material ( include the cost of active ingredient , intermediate , semi - finished material , excipient and primary 
 and secondary packaging ) associate with such product ( " standard product material cost”); and 
 ( b ) 
 the conversion cost for such product ( " standard conversion cost " ) , 
 in each case of clause ( a ) and ( b ) , calculate in accordance with manufacturer ’s accounting policy in effect as of the effective date and 
 apply consistently across manufacturer ’s entire manufacturing operation for the full applicable facility . depreciation will be base on 
 original acquisition cost of fix asset , and not impact by fair value account for business transaction . 
 1.114 
 " technical support " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.10(a ) . 
 1.115 
 " term " shall have the meaning ( a ) with respect to this agreement , as set forth in section 7.1 and ( b ) with respect to a facility addendum , as 
 set forth in section 7.2 . 
 1.116 
 " territory " mean , with respect to a give product , the country set forth in the applicable facility addendum for such product . 
 1.117 
 " third party " mean a person other than manufacturer , customer or their respective affiliate . 
 1.118 
 " third - party claim " shall have the meaning set forth in section 10.3(a ) . 
 1.119 
 " trigger event " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.5(a ) . 
 1.120 
 " vat " mean ( a ) any tax impose in compliance with the council directive of 28 november 2006 on the common system of value add tax 
 ( ec directive 2006/112); and ( b ) any other tax of a similar nature , however denominate , to the taxis refer to in clause ( a ) above , 
 whether impose in a member state of the european union in substitution for , or levy in addition to , the taxis refer to in clause ( a ) 
 above , or impose elsewhere ( include good and service taxis , but exclude transfer tax , stamp duty and other similar taxis ) . 
 1.121 
 " vmr product " mean all product that be identify as " vmr product " in the applicable facility addendum . 
 1.122 
 " waste " mean all waste that arise from the manufacture , handling or storage of product hereunder , or which be otherwise produce 
 through the implementation of this agreement , include hazardous material . 
 -12- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 2 . 
 supply of product . 
 2.1 
 agreement to supply . 
 ( a ) 
 affiliate and facility addenda . either the entity designate above as customer or any affiliate of customer and either the entity 
 designate above as manufacturer or any affiliate of manufacturer may enter into facility addenda under this agreement . the 
 entity that execute a facility addendum be also deem to be " customer " and " manufacturer " ( respectively ) for all purpose of the 
 facility addendum and this agreement ( with respect to the applicable facility addendum ) . 
 ( b ) 
 supply pursuant to facility addenda . during the term of each facility addendum , manufacturer shall manufacture and supply 
 product to customer for the territory applicable to such product on the term and subject to the condition of this agreement and 
 the applicable facility addendum . the term of this agreement shall be incorporate by reference into each facility addendum that 
 may be execute by the party or , as describe in section 2.1(a ) , their respective affiliate . during the term of this agreement , 
 customer may request that manufacturer manufacture and supply to customer clinical trial material , and the party shall negotiate in 
 good faith the term and condition of such manufacturing and supply arrangement apply the term and condition of this 
 agreement to the extent mutually agreeable . 
 ( c ) 
 hierarchy of terms; effect of amendment . in the event of a conflict between the term of any facility addendum and the term of 
 this agreement , the term of this agreement shall govern and control , except to the extent that the applicable facility addendum 
 expressly and specifically state an intent to supersede a specific section of this agreement on a specific matter . any amendment to 
 the term of this agreement contain in a facility addendum shall be effective solely with respect to such facility addendum , and 
 not with respect to this agreement or any other facility addendum . any amendment to the term of this agreement shall be effective 
 with respect to all facility addenda . except to the extent otherwise expressly state in this agreement , in the event of a conflict 
 between the term of this agreement and the term of the separation agreement , the term of the separation agreement shall govern 
 and control . 
 ( d ) 
 use of subcontractor . subject to section 2.2(a ) , manufacturer shall manufacture and supply product itself or through its affiliate , 
 in each case , at the applicable facility ( and such other facility as may be specify in the applicable facility addendum with 
 respect to applicable product ) . with respect to those third - party contractor , subcontractor or service provider use by 
 manufacturer or its affiliate in the manufacturing or supply of a give product immediately prior to the effective date , manufacturer 
 may engage such third - party contractor , subcontractor or 
 -13- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 service provider to perform the same activity for such product under this agreement without first obtain customer ’s prior 
 write consent . for the avoidance of doubt , the use of any third - party contractor , subcontractor or service provider other than 
 in the manner expressly permit pursuant to this section 2.1(d ) must be approve in advance in writing by customer , such approval 
 not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . manufacturer shall be liable for all action and omission of its contractor , 
 subcontractor and service provider , and any breach of the term and condition of this agreement by such contractor , 
 subcontractor or service provider shall be deem a breach of the term and condition by manufacturer under this agreement . 
 for the avoidance of doubt , as of the effective date , as between manufacturer and customer , manufacturer will be solely responsible 
 for maintain and establish relationship with the third - party contractor , subcontractor or service provider use in the 
 manufacturing or supply of product ( other than the manufacturing or supply of buy - sell material or customer - supply material ) . 
 ( e ) 
 exclusivity . 
 ( i ) 
 customer exclusivity . during the exclusivity period , on a product sku - by - product sku and country - by - country basis within 
 the applicable territory , customer shall purchase from manufacturer , in accordance with the term and condition of this 
 agreement , at least the exclusive purchase requirement of its requirement for such product sku in such country; provide , 
 however , that in - flight or share volume product shall be exclude from the exclusivity requirement set forth in this section 
 2.1(e)(i ) . follow the exclusivity period ( and during the exclusivity period , with respect to product sku quantity in excess 
 of the exclusive purchase requirement in accordance with the precede sentence ) , nothing in this agreement shall prevent 
 customer or any of its affiliate from manufacture product for itself , or have product manufacture by a third party , 
 include in amount in addition to the purchase order for product issue to manufacturer in accordance with this 
 agreement . for clarity and notwithstanding anything contain herein , nothing in this section 2.1(e)(i ) ( a ) be intend to be 
 inconsistent with section 2.4(e)(i ) or to otherwise indicate that customer be subject to any requirement to purchase product 
 under this agreement or ( b ) be intend to prevent customer from qualify a back - up supplier for any product during the 
 exclusivity period . 
 -14- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( ii ) 
 upon request by manufacturer , which manufacturer may make from time to time during the term but not more than once 
 during any quarter of a fiscal year , customer shall provide to manufacturer within thirty ( 30 ) day of such request a 
 certification attesting to customer ’s compliance with its exclusive purchase requirement obligation pursuant to section 
 2.1(e)(i ) and sign by a representative of customer with a title of vice president or more senior . 
 2.2 
 use of facility , equipment , mold and tooling . 
 ( a ) 
 facility . for each product , manufacturer shall perform all manufacturing activity and all storage activity at the facility set forth 
 in the facility addendum applicable to such product . manufacturer may use any other facility for the manufacture and storage of 
 product if ( i ) such facility have be approve for such manufacture by all applicable governmental authority and ( ii ) manufacturer 
 obtain customer ’s prior write consent with respect to the use of such other facility as set forth in section 4.3(a ) ( such approval not 
 to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay ) . the party shall agree to either execute a new facility addendum or amend an 
 exist facility addendum in order to include such facility . manufacturer shall notify customer of its intent to use any alternate 
 facility as soon as reasonably practicable . 
 ( b ) 
 purchase and installation of equipment , dedicated change part and tooling . subject to this section 2.2(b ) , manufacturer shall be 
 responsible for ( i ) purchasing , instal and validate at the facility all new equipment , dedicated change part and tooling; ( ii ) 
 modification to exist equipment , dedicated change part and tooling necessary for the manufacture , packaging , labeling and 
 delivery of product hereunder; and ( iii ) maintenance of all such equipment , dedicated change part and tooling , and all cost and 
 expense associate therewith; provide that in no event shall manufacturer be require to purchase any new equipment , install any 
 equipment purchase or request by customer or add ( or , for clarity , allocate or dedicate ) any additional manufacturing or storage 
 capacity in connection with customer ’s request for additional capacity for manufacturing or for other activity to be carry out by 
 manufacturer hereunder not otherwise expressly provide for hereunder or in an applicable facility addendum . if customer make 
 such a request for additional equipment or capacity , then the party shall promptly meet and discuss customer ’s request in good 
 faith , include an appropriate allocation of cost between the party with respect thereto . 
 2.3 
 capacity . 
 subject to section 2.2(b ) , manufacturer shall devote adequate manufacturing capacity to be capable of manufacturing and supply 
 product to customer in accordance with the provision of this agreement and the facility addenda . manufacturer shall promptly notify 
 customer if manufacturer reasonably believe its exist capacity and demand thereon would prevent it from meet customer ’s 
 anticipate product requirement as set forth in any forecast that conform to the requirement set forth in section 2.4 . 
 -15- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 2.4 
 forecast and purchase order . 
 ( a ) 
 vmr product forecasting and purchase order . with respect to the vmr product , the process and mechanism by which 
 forecast be prepared and purchase order be issue shall be as set forth in the applicable facility addenda and the remainder of 
 this section 2.4 shall not apply with respect to such vmr product as applicable . 
 ( b ) 
 make to order product forecast . except as otherwise set forth in a facility addendum , in each calendar month during the term of a 
 facility addendum , customer shall provide to manufacturer a rolling product sku - level forecast of its estimate requirement of 
 make to order product for the eighteen ( 18)-month period commence with the month in which such forecast be provide ( each , a 
 " forecast " ) . in the event customer deliver a forecast where the allocation of product requirement over the time period of the 
 forecast be not consistent with historical trend , at manufacturer ’s request , the party will meet to discuss the forecast in good 
 faith in the context of previous allocation of product requirement . such forecast represent customer ’s reasonable estimate of the 
 quantity of product it will require during the applicable period cover by each such forecast . except as otherwise set forth in a 
 facility addendum , each forecast shall be a non - binding forecast and for informational purpose only , except that : ( i ) the portion of 
 such forecast cover the first three ( 3 ) calendar month reflect therein ( the " bind forecast period " ) shall be bind and shall 
 constitute a firm order for the quantity of each product specify therein ( each , a " firm order " ) , ( ii ) each of month four ( 4 ) through six 
 ( 6 ) of a give forecast may not differ by more than twenty - five percent ( 25 ) ( whether positive or negative ) from the quantity of such 
 product set forth in those month in the previous forecast , and ( iii ) each of month seven ( 7 ) through twelve ( 12 ) of a give forecast 
 may not differ by more than fifty percent ( 50 ) ( whether positive or negative ) from the quantity of such product set forth in those 
 month in the previous forecast . for the avoidance of doubt , ( 1 ) this subsection ( b ) apply to forecast for api and bulk drug 
 product and ( 2 ) the forecast with respect to finished product shall apply to the roll - up level of the bulk drug product that be 
 incorporate into the finished product . 
 ( c ) 
 make to order purchase order . manufacturer shall provide product to customer pursuant to purchase order issue by customer to 
 manufacturer , which purchase order will be issue on a product sku - by - product sku basis , not to exceed one ( 1 ) purchase order 
 per product sku per calendar month unless otherwise agree between the party in advance in writing . no verbal communication or 
 e - mail shall be construe to mean a commitment to purchase product . customer shall be require to order 
 -16- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 pursuant to a purchase order at least the amount of product set forth in the firm order for such product in the applicable calendar 
 month . manufacturer shall provide to customer such quantity of product as may be order by customer pursuant to such 
 purchase order , up to one hundred ten percent ( 110 ) of the quantity set forth in the most recent forecast for the applicable period . 
 in the event that customer order quantity of product above one hundred ten percent ( 110 ) of the quantity set forth in the most 
 recent forecast for the applicable period ( such quantity above one hundred ten percent ( 110 ) refer to as " additional 
 quantity " ) , manufacturer shall use its commercially reasonable effort , but shall not be obligate , to supply such additional 
 quantity . for purpose of this paragraph , the most recent forecast for any give month shall mean the forecast submit by 
 customer in the month prior to the month in which the applicable purchase order be issue . all purchase order shall specify the 
 quantity and description of product order , the applicable facility where such product will be deliver , the require delivery date 
 ( subject to the provision of section 2.4(d ) ) , and the manner of delivery ( include the carrier to be use ) . 
 ( d ) 
 delivery date . unless expressly set forth to the contrary in a facility addendum , customer will issue purchase order for product no 
 later than a period equal to the bind forecast period prior to the require delivery date . by way of example only , if the bind 
 forecast period be the first three ( 3 ) month of a forecast with respect to a product , then customer will issue purchase order for such 
 product no later than three ( 3 ) month prior to the require delivery date . 
 ( e ) 
 no minimum purchase obligation; minimum order quantity . 
 ( i ) 
 no obligation . without limit customer ’s obligation under section 2.1(e ) , 2.4(b ) , 2.4(c ) , 2.4(d ) or 2.4(e)(ii ) , manufacturer 
 hereby acknowledge and agree that customer be not otherwise obligate to purchase any minimum or specific quantity , 
 volume or dollar amount of product under any facility addendum unless expressly set forth in the applicable facility 
 addendum . 
 ( ii ) 
 minimum order quantity . notwithstanding section 2.4(e)(i ) , customer acknowledge and agree that ( a ) each purchase 
 order customer place hereunder for product that be either api or bulk drug product shall be equal to , or a whole multiple of , 
 the batch size for such applicable product as set forth in the applicable facility addendum and ( b ) each purchase order that 
 customer place hereunder for product that be finish product shall be equal to or great than the minimum order quantity 
 for such applicable product as set forth in the applicable facility addendum; provide that , where customer place purchase 
 order under ( b ) above that exceed the applicable minimum order quantity , customer shall 
 -17- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 place such purchase order for such excess quantity in increment above the minimum order quantity as specify in the 
 applicable facility addendum . as use herein , " batch size " mean the production quantity for a give run of a product sku 
 and " increment " mean the quantity step change above the applicable minimum order quantity , in each case , as specify in 
 the applicable facility addendum . 
 ( f ) 
 acceptance and rejection of order . within ten ( 10 ) business day of receipt of a purchase order , manufacturer may reject such 
 purchase order by write notice to customer only on the basis that it be inconsistent with the term of this agreement , include a 
 purchase order contain ( i ) a delivery schedule that be inconsistent with section 2.4(d ) , ( ii ) a product quantity that be inconsistent 
 with section 2.4(e)(ii ) , ( iii ) a product quantity that be less than the firm order for the applicable period or ( iv ) subject to section 2.4(c ) , 
 a product quantity that be more than one hundred ten percent ( 110 ) of the forecast for the applicable period . manufacturer shall be 
 deem to have accept customer ’s purchase order for product in the event it either ( a ) indicate its acceptance of customer ’s 
 purchase order in writing or ( b ) do not indicate its rejection of a purchase order within ten ( 10 ) business day of receipt pursuant 
 to this section 2.4(f ) . 
 ( g ) 
 change to purchase order . purchase order , once submit to manufacturer , may be amend only by mutual write agreement 
 of the parties; provide that manufacturer shall exercise its commercially reasonable effort to comply with propose amendment to 
 purchase order that customer may request after send a purchase order to manufacturer . 
 ( h ) 
 cancellation . in the event that customer cancel all or part of a purchase order ( provide that a cancellation shall be deem to have 
 occur to the extent that customer fail to issue a purchase order with respect to the full amount of product contemplate by any 
 portion of a forecast with respect to the bind forecast period ) and such cancellation be not due to manufacturer ’s breach of this 
 agreement or any facility addendum , manufacturer will use good faith effort to reallocate capacity and mitigate any resultant cost 
 of such cancellation and , unless otherwise set forth with respect to the relevant cancel product under the applicable facility 
 addendum , customer will be charge for one hundred percent ( 100 ) of any and all non - cancellable third - party cost actually and 
 reasonably incur by manufacturer in accordance with this agreement prior to cancellation for material or service relate to the 
 cancel portion of the purchase order for which reasonably acceptable documentation be submit by manufacturer to customer . 
 -18- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( i ) 
 conflict . in the event of any conflict between the provision of this agreement and any customer purchase order , manufacturer ’s 
 acceptance form or manufacturer ’s invoice form or any similar such form , the provision of this agreement shall govern and control . 
 ( j ) 
 product inventory as of effective date . promptly follow the effective date , manufacturer shall provide customer with a product 
 inventory report organize by facility , lot number , remain shelf life , and such other data point with respect to such product 
 inventory as customer may request . for the avoidance of doubt , ( i ) manufacturer shall be entitle to fill purchase order with such 
 inventory that comply with the term and condition of this agreement , include section 5.2 , and ( ii ) the party shall meet to 
 discuss in good faith the disposition of all such product inventory that do not meet the criterion set forth in ( i ) above . 
 2.5 
 failure to supply . 
 ( a ) 
 capacity allocation . in the event that manufacturer fail to manufacture and deliver product in accordance with accept purchase 
 order or applicable specification , manufacturer shall notify customer promptly , include detail of the reason for the failure and 
 manufacturer ’s estimate timeline of when the failure will be correct . manufacturer shall be solely responsible for undertake 
 commercially reasonable measure to minimize any shortage of product deliver to customer as a result of such manufacturing 
 issue . if manufacturer fail to manufacture and deliver product in accordance with accept purchase order or applicable 
 specification by the delivery date specify in the applicable purchase order(s ) in accordance with section 2.4(d ) , other than due to a 
 force majeure event , ( i ) for a period of two ( 2 ) or more month past such delivery date four ( 4 ) or more time in any rolling twelve ( 12 ) 
 month period , or ( ii ) for a period of four ( 4 ) or more month past such delivery date on one occasion ( each of ( i ) and ( ii ) , a " trigger 
 event " ) , then manufacturer shall use its good effort to allocate on a quarterly basis its manufacturing capacity and product material 
 to the manufacture and supply of product for customer on a ratable basis base on the use of each during the twelve ( 12)-month 
 period immediately precede such trigger event ( or either ( 1 ) the term of the applicable facility addendum , if the term be less 
 than twelve ( 12 ) month , or ( 2 ) such other period set forth in the applicable facility addendum); provide that ( a ) if customer ’s 
 minimum order quantity for the applicable product(s ) exceed its ratable allocation of manufacturing capacity or product material 
 ( as applicable ) for the applicable quarter , customer shall continue to accrue its allocation of capacity until such quarter when 
 customer ’s allocation of capacity be equal to or great than its accrue allocation of capacity and ( b ) this section 2.5(a ) shall not 
 apply to the extent that customer fail to timely provide adequate customer - supply material or buy - sell material to manufacturer 
 in accordance with section 12 . for the avoidance of doubt , manufacturer shall notify customer promptly in writing of any anticipate 
 trigger event when manufacturer have reason to believe that such trigger event be likely to occur and provide such information 
 with respect to such anticipated trigger event as customer may reasonably request . 
 -19- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) 
 suspension of the exclusive purchase requirement . in the event of a trigger event , customer ’s exclusive purchase requirement 
 with respect to each and every product that be the subject of the trigger event shall be temporarily suspend until such time as 
 manufacturer notifie customer that manufacturer be able to resume the manufacture and supply of the subject product(s ) on the 
 term and condition of this agreement ( such period refer to as the " exclusive purchase requirement suspension period”); 
 provide that , ( i ) during such exclusive purchase requirement suspension period , customer shall use commercially reasonable 
 effort to limit its order for the subject product(s ) to the quantity specify in the last forecast that precede the trigger event 
 for the applicable period(s ) and promptly notify manufacturer in the event and to the extent that customer ’s order exceed such 
 quantity specify in such forecast and ( ii ) customer shall be entitle to take delivery of product(s ) order during the exclusive 
 purchase requirement suspension period even if such delivery be schedule for or actually occur subsequent to the exclusive 
 purchase requirement suspension period . 
 ( c ) 
 modification of the exclusive purchase requirement . upon the expiration of the exclusive purchase requirement suspension period , 
 customer shall use commercially reasonable effort to resume order from manufacturer , on a product - by - product basis , the subject 
 product(s ) in accordance with customer ’s exclusive purchase requirement during the exclusivity period . 
 ( d ) 
 business continuity . manufacturer shall maintain a write business continuity plan to be able to assure supply of product to 
 customer in the event of a disruption to supply from the primary location or facility of manufacture , include any disruption 
 result from a force majeure event and make such plan available from time to time upon customer ’s request . 
 ( e ) 
 remedy . customer shall have the right to terminate this agreement on an affected product - by - affect product basis immediately 
 upon write notice to manufacturer in the event a trigger event ( under clause ( ii ) thereof ) continue for more than one hundred 
 and eighty ( 180 ) day . customer shall also have the right to cancel order for any quantity of product affect by any trigger 
 event effective upon notice to manufacturer , and customer shall have no further obligation to purchase any such cancel 
 quantity of product . in the event a trigger event occur during the exclusivity period , manufacturer shall , at manufacturer ’s 
 cost and expense , provide such assistance as be reasonably request by customer to assist any alternate manufacturer in meeting 
 customer ’s requirement for the product until manufacturer have remedie the cause of such trigger event and be 
 -20- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 able to supply product to customer in its request quantity . such assistance shall include provide , subject in all case to section 
 2.10(h ) , technical support in respect of the affected product(s ) . in the event of a trigger event , manufacturer shall be liable for 
 any actual amount that customer be contractually require to pay to any third - party customer of customer that result from 
 customer ’s inability to supply the affected product to such third - party customer as a direct result of such trigger event; 
 provide that ( 1 ) customer shall provide to manufacturer appropriate evidence of such amount ( include invoice from the 
 applicable customer ) and the applicable contractual requirement ( redact , in each case , of information pertain to pricing and 
 other commercial term that be not directly relate to the claim amount ) , it be understand and agree that , upon request , 
 manufacturer will enter into customary confidentiality arrangement prior to such information be share and ( 2 ) manufacturer 
 shall not be liable for any such amount in the aggregate in any fiscal year in excess of the aggregate conversion cost markup 
 during such fiscal year with respect to all product manufacture at the facility that be the subject of the applicable trigger event . 
 " conversion cost markup " mean , for a product for any fiscal year , ten percent ( 10 ) of the product of ( a ) manufacturer ’s standard 
 conversion cost for such product for such fiscal year and ( b ) the quantity of such product order by customer for delivery during 
 such fiscal year . the right of customer set forth in this paragraph be in addition to any other right set forth in this agreement . 
 2.6 
 delivery; risk of loss . 
 ( a ) 
 delivery . unless otherwise set forth in the applicable facility addendum , manufacturer shall deliver product to customer fca 
 ( incoterm 2010 ) at the applicable facility , and all purchase order will be deem to have be complete when the quantity of 
 product make available to customer at the applicable facility be between ninety percent ( 90 ) and one hundred and ten percent 
 ( 110 ) of the quantity of product set forth in any accept purchase order ( each such event , a " delivery " ) . delivery shall occur by or 
 within the delivery date(s ) set forth in the applicable purchase order or such other date as may be agree to in writing by the party 
 from time to time . without limit customer ’s right and remedy under section 4.8 , manufacturer acknowledge and agree that , 
 unless such early delivery be agree upon by the party in writing , manufacturer shall provide customer with such datum as 
 customer may reasonably request from time to time for measure of key performance indicator ( kpi ) . 
 ( b ) 
 certificate of compliance . manufacturer shall include certificate of compliance and certificate of analysis with all delivery of 
 product or prior to delivery upon reasonable request of customer . 
 -21- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) 
 title . unless otherwise set forth in the applicable facility addendum , title to product and risk of loss or damage shall pass to 
 customer upon delivery to customer pursuant to section 2.6(a ) . 
 2.7 
 procurement of material . 
 ( a ) 
 manufacturer shall order and maintain sufficient quantity of all product material , include safety stock as require by the 
 applicable facility addendum , to enable manufacturer to manufacture and deliver product in accordance with its delivery 
 obligation under this agreement and the applicable facility addendum . with respect to those third party supplier of product 
 material use by manufacturer or its affiliate in the ordinary course in the manufacturing or supply of a give product immediately 
 prior to the effective date ( " manufacturer third party supplier " ) , manufacturer shall be permit to purchase solely the same 
 product material from such manufacturer third party supplier in connection with its activity under this agreement without first 
 obtain customer ’s prior write consent . any other third - party supplier for product material ( or procurement of a different 
 product material from any third - party supplier ) must be approve in advance in writing by customer ( such approval not to be 
 unreasonably withhold , condition or delay ) . for the avoidance of doubt , as of the effective date , as between manufacturer and 
 customer , manufacturer will be solely responsible for maintain and establish relationship with the third - party supplier of 
 product material . the cost of all such product material shall be include in the price of the applicable product . 
 ( b ) 
 unless otherwise set forth in the applicable facility addendum for a specific product , customer shall have no liability for excess or 
 obsolete product material purchase by manufacturer , ( x ) except as set forth in section 2.4(h ) or section 7.9 or ( y ) unless the excess 
 or obsolescence be cause by a change to the specification for such product material or the specification of a give product in 
 accordance with this agreement after such product material have be purchase by manufacturer base upon a firm order or 
 accept purchase order ) . 
 ( c ) 
 customer understand and acknowledge that ( i ) certain product material have a limited shelf - life , be long lead time item , and be 
 subject to minimum order quantity specify by the applicable supplier and ( ii ) manufacturer will rely on the firm order and 
 forecast to order product material require to meet the firm order ( plus safety stock for certain product material of a product as 
 reasonably determine by manufacturer ) . in addition , customer understand that , to ensure an orderly supply of the product 
 material , manufacturer may elect to purchase the product material in sufficient volume to meet the production requirement for 
 product during part or all of the forecasted periods; provide , however , that customer shall not have any liability with respect to any 
 purchase by manufacturer or any of its affiliate of labeling or packaging material ( include label , carton and leaflet ) in excess 
 of the amount require to meet the firm order applicable at such time plus the amount of applicable product forecast to be order 
 in month four ( 4 ) through six ( 6 ) of the forecast applicable at such time . 
 -22- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( d ) 
 manufacturer must review with customer any assessment make ( or related action propose to be take ) by manufacturer relate to 
 rejection or destruction of any customer - supply material , buy - sell material , product , or product material intend for 
 customer ’s product to discuss viability for commercial use . 
 2.8 
 product sample . 
 if representative lot sample of production batch of product be request by customer in order to satisfy its obligation under 
 applicable law , include any regulatory requirement , or to any governmental authority , then manufacturer shall provide customer ( or 
 any such third party as customer shall designate ) with representative lot sample of each production batch of product promptly upon 
 customer ’s request . customer shall be entitle to review , upon reasonable prior write notice , all manufacturing record relate to such 
 sample , include all analytical procedure and clean validation relate to the equipment use in connection with the manufacture of 
 the sample . such product sample shall be deliver to customer ( or such third party as customer shall designate ) in accordance with the 
 provision set forth in section 2.6(a ) and at the price as determine in accordance with the term of section 3 . customer shall pay for such 
 sample when invoice in accordance with section 3.5 . 
 2.9 
 storage . 
 manufacturer will store product , buy - sell material , product material , and customer - supply material in accordance with the 
 requirement of the quality agreement . with respect to those third - party warehouse use by manufacturer or its affiliate in the 
 ordinary course for the storage of a give product , buy - sell material , product material , or customer - supply material immediately prior 
 to the effective date , manufacturer may engage such third - party warehouse to perform the solely same activity for such product , buy- 
 sell material , product material , and customer - supply material under this agreement without first obtain customer ’s prior write 
 consent . the use of any third party warehouse for the storage of any product , buy - sell material , product material , or customer- 
 supply material other than in the manner expressly permit pursuant to this section 2.9 must be approve in advance in writing by 
 customer , such approval not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . manufacturer shall obtain the right for customer to 
 audit , at customer ’s expense , any such third - party warehouse upon reasonable prior advance write notice and during normal business 
 hour . manufacturer have no obligation to store product more than fifteen ( 15 ) business day follow the request delivery date for such 
 product; provide that ( a ) manufacturer shall be obligate to store product for such long 
 -23- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 period as may be reasonably necessary for customer to arrange transportation for such product in the event that manufacturer experience 
 delay in the manufacture , release , or supply of a particular product that result in the delivery of a quantity of product that exceed 
 historical or forecast quantity of product for the applicable period and; ( b ) with respect to any product that customer reasonably believe 
 should not be release by manufacturer , manufacturer shall store such product until the party ' definitive resolution pursuant to this 
 agreement and the quality agreement as to whether such product should be release . at the expiration of the applicable time frame in the 
 precede sentence , notwithstanding any provision of this section 2.9 to the contrary , manufacturer may transport and store the subject 
 product at a third - party warehouse at customer ’s expense . 
 2.10 
 transitional support . 
 ( a ) 
 on a product - by - product basis , customer may elect , upon write notice to manufacturer , for manufacturer to provide customer with 
 reasonable technical support , as more fully set forth in this section 2.10 , to transfer production of a give product or product to a 
 customer facility or a facility of an alternative source of supply as designate by customer ( such support , " technical support " and 
 such facility , the " receive site " ) . customer may make such election for technical support at any time during the term ( include in 
 the event of a trigger event under section 2.5(a ) or in advance of any expiration of this agreement ) or promptly after the 
 termination or expiration of this agreement but in no event more than ninety ( 90 ) day follow the effective date of such termination 
 or expiration . such reasonable technical support shall consist of : 
 ( i ) 
 supply of a technical package to facilitate the transfer of all relevant manufacturing information for such product(s ) to the 
 receiving site , include formulation description , manufacturing instruction , specification , method , datum require for 
 applicable regulatory submission and facility qualification , and material supplier information , as applicable , except for any 
 information that be subject to confidentiality obligation owe to a third party; provide that the technical package will not 
 include any manufacture information , include formulation description , manufacturing instruction , specification , 
 method and material supplier information , that be generally available to or know by the public , can be obtain on 
 reasonable term from third party or be already available or be utilize by customer or its affiliate at one of customer ’s or 
 its affiliate ’s facilities; 
 ( ii ) 
 host site visit to the manufacturer ’s facility by customer to observe production of the applicable product or product , in 
 each case , at a mutually agree date and subject to confidentiality procedure or requirement as may be request or 
 implement by manufacturer; provide that the request for each such visit shall be make so as to allow for sufficient 
 advance preparation time and can be accommodate in the request timeframe without interruption to manufacturer ’s 
 routine production or operations; 
 -24- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( iii ) 
 performance of high - level consultation and answer reasonable query for customer through the transfer process; and 
 ( iv ) 
 provision of reasonable product sample require under applicable law for transfer activity . 
 ( b ) 
 customer shall be responsible for identify and request any and all technical support that be require from manufacturer to 
 assure such technology transfer be successful . 
 ( c ) 
 the party shall reasonably cooperate and mutually agree to facilitate the provision of any additional reasonable technical support 
 with respect to the applicable product or product to customer , include assistance through the transfer process , manufacturer 
 personnel visit to the receiving site and training and troubleshooting during the receiving site ’s first production run of the 
 applicable product or product , in each case , as and to the extent reasonably agree by manufacturer in each instance ( and subject to 
 section 2.10(d ) , 2.10(e ) and 2.10(f ) ) . 
 ( d ) 
 the party will work together in good faith to plan for upcoming and ongoing technical support need and to accommodate such 
 plan in order to maintain ongoing business continuity . in addition , manufacturer shall have no obligation to hire or retain any 
 individual or make any capital expenditure in connection with technical support , and manufacturer ’s obligation to provide 
 technical support be contingent upon the continue employment by manufacturer of those individual capable of provide such 
 technical support . manufacturer may terminate its obligation to provide any technical support with respect to the applicable product 
 under this agreement if customer or any of its affiliate hire any manufacturer personnel involve in provide technical support 
 to customer hereunder ( without limit any applicable non - solicitation obligation of customer pursuant to the business 
 combination agreement ) . 
 ( e ) 
 customer shall be solely responsible for any and all regulatory or other governmental authority requirement , activity and related 
 cost and expense that arise in conjunction with any technical support , technology transfer of production or production of each 
 product to or at the receiving site . these activity may also include , but be not limit to , creation of additional datum or technical 
 information , analytical method modification or other work of a technical nature require to support regulatory query or 
 contemporary standard and guideline drive by the manufacture transfer ( subject to section 8.2 ) . 
 -25- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( f ) 
 subject to section 2.5(e ) , customer be responsible for , and shall promptly reimburse manufacturer for , any and all reasonable out - of- 
 pocket cost and expense incur by or on behalf of manufacturer in connection with any technical support provide to customer 
 under this agreement , include employee cost to be charge at a rate that reasonably approximate the cost of provide the 
 technical support , without any intent to cause manufacturer to make profit or incur loss . 
 ( g ) 
 with respect to each product for which manufacturer provide technical support under this agreement , manufacturer shall provide 
 to customer any analytical material and method in manufacturer ’s possession or control that be require in connection with 
 disclosure to any applicable governmental authority to qualify the applicable product material , buy - sell material , or customer- 
 supply material for such product or such product itself for release testing to meet the then - current applicable marketing 
 authorization , in each case , subject to section 13 . 
 ( h ) 
 nothing in this agreement shall require manufacturer to provide more than 75 hour per calendar year per product in connection with 
 any technical support . notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein , except as expressly provide in section 2.10(g ) , 
 manufacturer shall have no obligation to disclose , license or otherwise provide confidential or proprietary information of 
 manufacturer , its affiliate or any third party in connection with this agreement or any technical support or technology transfer 
 therein . 
 3 . 
 price; payment; price adjustments; taxis . 
 3.1 
 price . 
 ( a ) 
 initial price . on a fiscal year - by - fiscal year basis , customer shall purchase each product from manufacturer at the price for such 
 product for such fiscal year , as determine in accordance with the term of this section 3 . the price for each product during the initial 
 price term ( such price , the " initial price " for such product ) be set forth in the facility addendum for such product . follow the 
 initial price term , the price of such product may be adjust only as set forth in section 3.1(b ) and section 3.2 . 
 ( b ) 
 price in extension period . in the event that customer elect to extend the initial term of the agreement or of a facility addendum , 
 the price for each applicable product in any extension period shall be one hundred percent ( 100 ) of manufacturer ’s standard 
 product material cost plus one hundred and ten percent ( 110 ) of manufacturer ’s standard conversion cost of such product , each 
 for the initial fiscal year of the first extension period with respect to such product . during each extension period , the price of such 
 product may be adjust as set forth in section 3.2; provide that the initial fiscal year of the first extension period shall operate as 
 the facility conversion cost baseline fiscal year ( as define below ) . 
 -26- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) 
 subject to the limitation and condition set forth in this agreement , it be the intention of the party that the price of each product 
 reflect one hundred percent ( 100 ) of manufacturer ’s standard product material cost plus one hundred and ten percent ( 110 ) of 
 manufacturer ’s standard conversion cost of such product . the price for each product will be set forth in the currency specify in 
 the applicable facility addendum . 
 ( d ) 
 change to the standard cost methodology . manufacturer shall have the right to change the standard cost methodology once per 
 fiscal year; provide that any change shall be consistent with the accounting method and apply across all product manufacture 
 at the applicable facility . if manufacturer elect to change the standard cost methodology , manufacturer shall calculate both ( i ) the 
 revise standard cost use the methodology effective during the then - current fiscal year of the term of the applicable facility 
 addendum and ( ii ) the percentage change in standard cost cause by the change in methodology relative to the former 
 methodology . if such standard cost methodology change result in an increase of facility conversion cost for product 
 manufacture for customer of more than two percent ( 2 ) , then manufacturer shall revert to the former methodology for purpose of 
 the calculation of price during such fiscal year . 
 3.2 
 price adjustment . 
 ( a ) 
 product material adjustment . 
 ( i ) 
 on a facility - by - facility basis , with respect to each full fiscal year of the term of the applicable facility addendum , the price 
 of each product manufacture at the applicable facility will be update to reflect one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the full 
 estimate amount of the increase or decrease in the cost of product material for each such product . 
 ( ii ) 
 in each fiscal year of the term of this agreement , manufacturer shall submit a report to customer by no later than the end of 
 the first quarter of such fiscal year set out the facility actual product material cost with respect to each facility for the 
 prior fiscal year . in the event that the facility actual product material cost differ from the facility estimate product 
 material cost , when adjust to reflect actual volume , then manufacturer shall issue either ( a ) an invoice to customer for 
 any amount owe by customer to manufacturer or ( b ) a credit memo for amount owe by manufacturer to customer 
 reflect the difference between the price as invoice and an adjusted price for such fiscal year; 
 -27- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 provide , however , that any such adjustment make in accordance with the foregoing shall be subject in all case to the 
 provision of section 3.2(e ) . customer shall pay all undisputed amount due in the currency specify in the applicable 
 facility addendum within sixty ( 60 ) calendar day from the date of the invoice . if customer dispute all or any portion of an 
 invoice , it shall be require to pay only the amount not in dispute , and in such event customer shall notify manufacturer of 
 the amount and nature of the dispute . payment by customer of any amount reflect in any invoice shall not result in a waiver 
 of any of customer ’s right under this agreement . 
 ( b ) 
 conversion cost adjustment . 
 ( i ) 
 subject to the remainder of this section 3.2(b ) , on a facility - by - facility basis , if the facility conversion cost of a facility 
 during any fiscal year follow the first full fiscal year of the term of the applicable facility addendum ( such fiscal year , a 
 " facility conversion cost adjustment fiscal year " ) be estimate to be ( a ) less than seventy - five percent ( 75 ) of the facility 
 conversion cost for the facility conversion cost baseline fiscal year ( as define below ) or ( b ) great than one hundred 
 and twenty - five percent ( 125 ) of the facility conversion cost for the facility conversion cost baseline fiscal year ( clause 
 ( a ) and ( b ) refer to collectively as the " facility conversion cost threshold " ) , when adjust to reflect a constant volume 
 between the facility conversion cost adjustment fiscal year and the facility conversion cost baseline fiscal year , then the 
 price for such product will be update begin with such facility conversion cost adjustment fiscal year to reflect one 
 hundred and ten percent ( 110 ) of the increase or decrease in facility conversion cost . an example calculation of the 
 forego price adjustment be attach hereto as attachment g. subject to the last sentence of section 3.1(b ) , the " facility 
 conversion cost baseline fiscal year " shall be , as of the effective date , 2019 budget volume and cost as summarize in the 
 applicable facility addenda; provide that in each instance in which the price be adjust in accordance with the immediately 
 precede sentence of this section 3.2(b)(i ) , the facility conversion cost baseline fiscal year shall be the applicable facility 
 conversion cost adjustment fiscal year . 
 ( ii ) 
 in the event that price be adjust as a result of a change to facility conversion cost under section 3.2(b)(i ) , the facility 
 conversion cost threshold for all remain fiscal year in the initial term ( or extension period as appropriate ) will be 
 reduce such that if facility conversion cost of a facility during any facility conversion cost adjustment fiscal year be 
 estimate to be ( a ) less 
 -28- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 than eighty percent ( 80 ) of the facility conversion cost for the facility conversion cost baseline fiscal year or ( b ) great 
 than one hundred and twenty percent ( 120 ) of the facility conversion cost for the facility conversion cost baseline 
 fiscal year , then the price for such product will be update begin with such facility conversion cost adjustment fiscal 
 year to reflect the full estimate amount of the increase or decrease in conversion cost . 
 ( iii ) 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section 3.2(b ) , manufacturer shall not have the ability to adjust the price to 
 reflect actual volume for product in a facility to the extent that customer have reduce its demand for one or more product in 
 such facility due to manufacturer ’s breach of or other failure to supply under this agreement or the applicable facility 
 addendum . 
 ( iv ) 
 in each fiscal year follow the first full fiscal year of the term of this agreement , manufacturer shall submit a report to 
 customer by no later than the end of the first quarter of such fiscal year set out the actual volume of product for each 
 facility for the prior fiscal year . in the event that the actual facility conversion cost demonstrate that the then applicable 
 facility conversion cost threshold have be exceed , and manufacturer have not previously adjust the applicable price in 
 accordance with this section 3.2(b ) to account for such adjustment , then manufacturer shall either issue ( a ) an invoice to 
 customer for any amount owe by customer to manufacturer or ( b ) a credit memo for amount owe by manufacturer to 
 customer reflect the difference between the price as invoice and the adjusted price for such fiscal year; provide , 
 however , that any such adjustment make in accordance with the foregoing shall be subject in all case to the provision of 
 section 3.2(b)(iii ) . for clarity , any amount owe by customer to manufacturer or owe by manufacturer to customer shall be 
 one hundred and ten percent ( 110 ) of manufacturer ’s conversion cost , reduce by a 20 allowance for variable cost . 
 customer shall pay all undisputed amount due in the currency specify in the applicable facility addendum within sixty ( 60 ) 
 calendar day from the date of the invoice . if customer dispute all or any portion of an invoice , it shall be require to pay 
 only the amount not in dispute , and in such event customer shall notify manufacturer of the amount and nature of the 
 dispute . payment by customer of any amount reflect in any invoice shall not result in a waiver of any of customer ’s right 
 under this agreement . 
 ( c ) 
 notwithstanding the above , the price for buy - sell material will be update annually in each year follow the first fiscal year to 
 reflect one hundred percent ( 100 ) of the full estimate amount of the cost of buy - sell material to manufacturer . customer may not 
 change the price of buy - sell 
 -29- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 material during any fiscal year . upon any notification by customer to manufacturer of any reduction in the price of buy - sell 
 material for the upcoming fiscal year , manufacturer shall submit to customer an inventory of such buy - sell material on hand and 
 a calculation of the positive difference between the aggregate price for such buy - sell material apply the price for the current 
 fiscal year and the aggregate price for such buy - sell material apply the price for the upcoming fiscal year . customer shall 
 promptly and in no event later than sixty ( 60 ) day issue to manufacturer a credit memo in the amount of such positive difference 
 reflect in manufacturer ’s notice . 
 ( d ) 
 the increase or decrease describe in this section 3.2 shall be determine by manufacturer in a manner consistent with the 
 accounting methodology use by manufacturer as of the effective date and shall be base on the applicable forecast provide by 
 customer in july of the applicable fiscal year and apply consistently across manufacturer ’s entire manufacturing operation for the 
 full facility . 
 ( e ) 
 manufacturer shall notify customer of any estimate expect change to price for the upcoming fiscal year by no later than june 1 
 of the then - current fiscal year and shall notify customer of any actual change to price for the upcoming fiscal year by no later than 
 october 30 of the then - current fiscal year . between june 1 and october 30 , the party will engage in ongoing discussion to ensure 
 that any final change to price for the applicable fiscal year conform to the term and condition of this agreement . manufacturer 
 will promptly respond to customer ’s inquiry regard any propose change to the price of product and provide reasonable 
 documentation to customer support the estimate or actual change in such price . any actual , adjusted price of each product 
 shall become effective on the first day of the first month of such upcoming fiscal year . 
 ( f ) 
 any dispute relate to change in price for a give product will be resolve pursuant to section 3.4 . 
 3.3 
 cost improvement . 
 at customer ’s reasonable request , manufacturer and customer agree to discuss in good faith the implementation of possible cost 
 reduction opportunity with the objective to reduce the net price of product . without limit the generality of the foregoing , manufacturer 
 shall use commercially reasonable effort to reduce the price of product material . 
 -30- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 3.4 
 price review and audit procedure . 
 ( a ) 
 manufacturer shall maintain complete and accurate record that fairly reflect the relevant cost and calculation use to determine 
 the price of each product and shall retain such record for a period of not less than three ( 3 ) year after the applicable product be 
 manufacture and deliver hereunder . with respect to a price change under section 3.2 for any product in an upcoming fiscal year , if 
 customer request such a review in write within thirty ( 30 ) day follow notice to customer of such change , then : ( i ) the party 
 shall reasonably discuss and attempt to resolve any disagreement with respect thereto and ( ii ) if such disagreement be not resolve 
 within thirty ( 30 ) day follow commencement of such discussion , customer shall have the right , no more than one ( 1 ) time per 
 fiscal year each for the subject of ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) below and on no less than thirty ( 30 ) day ' notice to manufacturer , to appoint a 
 reputable and internationally recognize independent third - party audit firm reasonably acceptable to manufacturer ( and which 
 agree to be bind by manufacturer ’s customary confidentiality agreement ) to audit such relevant record , during normal business 
 hour and on a confidential basis , to verify that , either ( 1 ) the change in the relevant product ’ price for an applicable facility for the 
 upcoming fiscal year , as applicable , or ( 2 ) the true - up determination with respect to ( x ) the estimated and actual facility conversion 
 cost of a facility with respect to any fiscal year or ( y ) the facility estimate product material cost and the facility actual product 
 material cost with respect to any fiscal year , be accurately and equitably calculate by manufacturer in accordance with this 
 agreement; provide that customer shall be deem to have waive its right for such a review if customer do not make such 
 request within thirty ( 30 ) day follow delivery of manufacturer ’s notice to customer of such increase . for the avoidance of doubt , 
 any such audit initiate by customer in accordance with clause ( ii ) above shall include in the scope of audit all of the product 
 manufacture at the applicable facility , and not be limit in scope to the discrete product(s ) in question . subject to section 3.4(b)(2 ) , 
 customer shall bear all cost and expense of conduct such an audit , and such accounting firm shall work on an hourly or flat fee 
 basis without a contingency fee or other performance or bonus fee . such accounting firm shall , as promptly as practicable , provide in 
 writing ( i ) a detailed report of such audit to manufacturer and ( ii ) a separate report limit to the price for the subject product in the 
 relevant fiscal year as calculate by such accounting firm in accordance with this agreement to manufacturer and customer . the 
 price for the product during a fiscal year , as calculate by such accounting firm , absent any manifest error , shall be bind upon the 
 party with respect to such increase or require payment , as applicable; provide that , within fifteen ( 15 ) day of receipt of the audit 
 report , manufacturer shall have the right to dispute such price or calculation thereof by submit write notice to customer and the 
 accounting firm accompany by information support manufacturer ’s position . within thirty ( 30 ) day of receipt of manufacturer ’s 
 notice of dispute , the accounting firm shall issue its final finding with respect to the price for the relevant product in the relevant 
 fiscal year and such decision , absent manifest error , shall be bind upon the party . 
 -31- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) 
 if , as a result of any audit by customer pursuant to section 3.4(a ) , the aggregate price calculate by the accounting firm with respect 
 to all product manufacture at the applicable facility for a fiscal year be : 
 ( i ) 
 less than ninety - five percent ( 95 ) of the aggregate price for all such product establish by manufacturer pursuant to 
 section 3.2 for such product during such fiscal year , then , if customer have make payment to manufacturer for such 
 product at the high price establish by manufacturer during such fiscal year , manufacturer shall refund to customer the 
 overpayment make by customer; or 
 ( ii ) 
 more than one hundred and five percent ( 105 ) of the aggregate price for all such product establish by manufacturer 
 pursuant to section 3.2 for such product during such fiscal year , then , if customer have make payment to manufacturer for 
 such product at the low price establish by manufacturer for such period , customer shall promptly pay manufacturer for 
 the amount of the underpayment that should have be pay by customer; 
 in each case of clause ( i ) and ( ii ) , ( 1 ) such payment to be make within sixty ( 60 ) day of the owe party ’s receipt of the relevant 
 detailed report and final price pursuant to section 3.4(a ) and ( 2 ) manufacturer shall be responsible for payment of the applicable 
 accounting firm ’s reasonable and actual fee in connection with such audit . 
 3.5 
 invoice and payment . 
 manufacturer shall submit invoice to customer upon delivery of product . all invoice for product will be in functional currency unless 
 otherwise specify in the applicable facility addendum , and all undisputed payment hereunder shall be in full and be make without any 
 withholding , offset or any other deduction . manufacturer shall include the follow information on all invoice : ( a ) the applicable 
 purchase order number and billing address; ( b ) the quantity of product deliver ( and where applicable , the type , description or part 
 number , if any); ( c ) the require delivery date specify in the applicable purchase order; ( d ) the actual date of delivery; ( e ) the price; ( f ) any 
 applicable taxis , transportation charge or other charge provide for in the applicable purchase order; ( g ) the applicable invoice number; 
 and ( h ) the delivery facility , unless otherwise specify in the facility addendum . subject to customer ’s right under section 4.8 to reject 
 non - complying product or product that be not otherwise deliver in accordance with the term of and condition of this agreement , 
 manufacturer shall invoice customer for product upon delivery of the applicable product in accordance with section 2.6(a ) . customer shall 
 be obligate to pay only for actual quantity of 
 -32- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 product deliver . unless otherwise set forth in the applicable facility addendum with respect to a particular product or product , 
 customer shall pay all undisputed amount due in the currency specify in the applicable facility addendum within sixty ( 60 ) calendar 
 day from the date of the invoice . if customer dispute all or any portion of an invoice , it shall be require to pay only the amount not in 
 dispute , and in such event customer shall notify manufacturer of the amount and nature of the dispute . payment by customer of any 
 amount reflect in any invoice shall not result in a waiver of any of customer ’s right under this agreement . if any payment require to be 
 make under this agreement be not make within twenty ( 20 ) day of the applicable date when such payment be due ( the " late payment 
 date " ) , interest shall accrue on such past due amount from the late payment date until the date payment be actually make at a quarterly rate 
 equal to the less of ( i ) the three - month u.s . dollar libor ( reuters page libor01 ) on the late payment date ( or the next business day if 
 such late payment date be not a business day ) , and ( ii ) the maximum rate permit by applicable law . time for any payment hereunder 
 shall be of the essence . 
 3.6 
 taxis . 
 ( a ) 
 all sum payable under this agreement be exclusive of any amount in respect of vat . if any action of one party ( the " supplier " ) 
 under this agreement constitute , for vat purpose , the making of a supply to another party ( or a member of that party ’s group ) ( the 
 " recipient " ) and vat be or become chargeable on that supply , the recipient shall pay to the supplier , in addition to any amount 
 otherwise payable under this agreement by the recipient , a sum equal to the amount of the vat chargeable on that supply against 
 delivery to the recipient of a valid vat invoice issue in accordance with the law and regulation of the applicable jurisdiction . 
 ( b ) 
 without duplication of amount cover by section 3.6(a ) , customer ( or the applicable affiliate ) shall be responsible for all vat , 
 sale , good and service , use , gross receipt , transfer , consumption and other similar taxis ( exclude , for clarity , taxis impose on 
 net income , profit and gain and franchise taxis ) , together with interest , penalty and addition thereto ( " service taxis " ) , impose 
 by applicable tax authority on the direct sale of product to customer or any of its affiliate or any payment hereunder; provide 
 that such service taxis be show on a valid invoice . if manufacturer or any of its affiliate be require to pay any part of such 
 service taxis , manufacturer shall provide customer with evidence that such service taxis have be pay , and customer ( or its 
 applicable affiliate ) shall reimburse manufacturer for such service taxis . manufacturer shall , upon the reasonable request of 
 customer , promptly revise any invoice to the extent such invoice be erroneously itemize or categorize . each party shall , and shall 
 cause its affiliate to , use commercially reasonable effort to ( i ) minimize the amount of any service taxis impose on the provision 
 of service hereunder , include by avail itself of any available exemption from or reduction to any such 
 -33- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 service taxis , and ( ii ) cooperate with the other party in provide any information or documentation that may be reasonably 
 necessary to minimize such service taxis or obtain such exemption or reduction . if at any time manufacturer ( or any of its 
 affiliate ) receive a refund ( or credit or offset in lieu of a refund ) of any service taxis bear by customer ( or any of its affiliate ) , 
 then manufacturer or its affiliate receive such refund or utilize such credit or offset shall promptly pay over the amount of such 
 refund , credit or offset ( net of all reasonable relate out - of - pocket cost , expense and taxis incur in respect thereof ) to customer 
 or its applicable affiliate , it be understand that customer and its applicable affiliate shall be liable for ( x ) any subsequent 
 disallowance of such refund , credit or offset and any related interest , penalty or addition thereto and ( y ) any reasonable out - of- 
 pocket cost and expense relate to such disallowance . 
 ( c ) 
 the party and their affiliate shall reasonably cooperate to determine whether any tax withholding apply to any amount pay 
 under this agreement and , if so , shall far reasonably cooperate in ( i ) minimize the amount of any such withholding taxis , 
 include by avail itself of any available exemption from or reduction to any such withholding taxis , ( ii ) provide any 
 information or documentation that may be reasonably necessary to minimize such withholding taxis or obtain such exemption 
 ( include , without limitation , pursuant to any applicable double taxation or similar treaty ) or ( iii ) receive a refund of such 
 withholding taxis or claim a tax credit therefor . if any such withholding be require by applicable law , the pay party ( or its 
 applicable affiliate ) shall properly and timely withhold and remit such taxis to the applicable tax authority and use reasonable 
 effort to provide the other party with a copy of any receipt ( where it be common practice for the applicable tax authority to provide 
 such a receipt ) or other documentation confirm such payment , and such withhold amount shall be treat for all purpose of this 
 agreement as having be pay to the receive party ( or its applicable affiliate ) . the pay party ( or its applicable affiliate ) shall 
 not be require to " gross up " any amount invoice to the pay party to account for , or otherwise compensate the receive party 
 ( or its applicable affiliate ) for , any taxis that be require to be withhold under applicable law . 
 ( d ) 
 where a party or any member of its group be require by this agreement to reimburse or indemnify the other party or any member of 
 its group for any cost or expense , the reimbursing or indemnify party ( or the applicable member of its group ) shall reimburse or 
 indemnify the other party ( or the applicable member of its group ) for the full amount of the cost or expense , inclusive of any amount 
 in respect of vat impose on that amount to the extent properly reflect on a valid invoice , except to the extent that the reimburse 
 or indemnify party reasonably determine that it ( or such member of its group ) , or a member of the same group as it ( or such member 
 of its group ) for vat purpose , be entitle to credit for or repayment of that vat from any relevant tax authority . 
 -34- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( e ) 
 for purpose of this agreement , and except as otherwise specifically provide in this agreement , tax matter shall be exclusively 
 govern by the tax matter agreement , and in the event of any inconsistency between the tax matter agreement and this 
 agreement with respect to tax matter , the tax matter agreement shall control . 
 3.7 
 no duplicative payment . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , no party ( or affiliate thereof ) shall enjoy a 
 duplicative right , entitlement , obligation , or recovery with respect to any matter arise out of the same fact and circumstance . 
 4 . 
 manufacturing standard and quality assurance . 
 4.1 
 quality agreement . 
 on a facility - by - facility and product - by - product basis , the party will comply with the requirement and provision set forth in the quality 
 agreement applicable to the applicable facility and product , the form of which have be attach hereto as attachment b and , through 
 such attachment , make a part hereof . in the event of a conflict between the term of the applicable quality agreement and the term of this 
 agreement , the term of the quality agreement shall govern and control for all quality and regulatory compliance matter and the term of 
 this agreement shall govern and control for all other matter . 
 4.2 
 manufacturing standard . 
 manufacturer shall manufacture and supply each product ( include dispose of all waste and other material ) in accordance with all 
 applicable specification , applicable law , requirement under the applicable quality agreement , and this agreement . 
 4.3 
 manufacturing change . 
 ( a ) 
 discretionary change . subject to section 4.3(b ) , in the event that either party desire to change , revise , modify or otherwise alter the 
 specification , manufacturing process , product material , buy - sell material , customer - supply material , or facility with 
 respect to a give product in any manner ( each , a " manufacture change " ) , the party desire the manufacturing change shall 
 notify the other party in writing of the propose manufacturing change and the party will promptly meet to discuss , in good faith , 
 the feasibility of implement such manufacturing change and the allocation of cost between the party for such manufacturing 
 change; provide that the request manufacturing change will not be implement unless and until the party mutually agree in 
 writing to implement such manufacturing change . unless otherwise agree upon by the party , the party request the 
 manufacturing change will be responsible for , and will bear the cost of , any filing or other action that either party must take with 
 the applicable governmental authority as a result of such manufacturing change . 
 -35- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) 
 require change . if , at any time , a manufacturing change be require by a governmental authority in a country in which regulatory 
 approval for a give product have be grant , a governmental authority in a country in which customer seek to obtain regulatory 
 approval for a give product , or a governmental authority in the country in which the facility that manufacture a give product be 
 locate , then the party that first have knowledge of the require manufacturing change shall notify the other party in writing of such 
 require manufacturing change , and manufacturer will review such manufacturing change with customer . manufacturer will bear all 
 cost and expense associate with implement the manufacturing change , unless such manufacturing change relate solely to a 
 product or product manufacture for customer ( include any require labeling change ) , in which case customer will bear all cost 
 and expense associate with implement such manufacture change for such product , include any change to labeling or 
 packaging , but only to the extent such cost be reasonable and document . 
 4.4 
 p control . 
 manufacturer shall manufacture all product , and manufacturer shall store all product material , buy - sell material , customer - supply 
 material , and all product , in a clean , dry area , free from insect and rodent , in a manner to prevent entry of foreign material and 
 contamination of product . manufacturer ’s p control measure shall include the adequate cleaning of the facility , control of food and 
 drink , protection of product from the environment , monitoring of fly and crawl pest and log detail finding and action take . 
 manufacturer ’s p control program shall be detail in a write procedure which comply with applicable law , include cgmp , and 
 which shall be subject to review and approval by customer . if customer have specific concern about procedure in place at any facility , 
 customer will present such issue in its audit finding and the party will discuss in good faith a mutually agreeable plan for resolution of 
 such issue . failure of manufacturer to comply with this section 4.4 shall be deem a material breach of this agreement . 
 4.5 
 legal and regulatory filing and request . 
 ( a ) 
 manufacturer shall reasonably cooperate with customer in respond to all request for information from , and in make all legally 
 require filing with , governmental authority in the territory have jurisdiction to make such request or require such filing . 
 manufacturer shall : ( a ) obtain and comply with all license , consent and permit require under applicable law in the territory ( and 
 manufacturer shall provide customer with a 
 -36- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 copy of all such license , consent and permit that be material upon customer ’s reasonable request); and ( b ) comply with all 
 applicable law in the territory with respect to its manufacturing and packaging process , the facility or otherwise , to permit the 
 performance of its obligation hereunder . upon customer ’s request , manufacturer shall apply for and obtain certificate of 
 pharmaceutical production ( " cpp " ) from the governmental authority of the country where the facility be locate , such cpp to be 
 issue to country where cpp accord to customer ’s opinion be require . manufacturer shall pay all reasonable cost necessary 
 to obtain such cpp and be entitle to be reimburse against invoice by customer at cost; provide that manufacturer shall make 
 good faith effort to consolidate its invoice for such reimbursement for cpp and submit to customer on a fiscal year quarterly 
 basis . 
 ( b ) 
 in the event that customer wish to extend the territory with respect to a certain product , customer shall notify manufacturer of 
 such request and manufacturer shall consider customer ’s request in good faith . for the avoidance of doubt , in the event that the 
 party agree to extend the territory with respect to a certain product , any result manufacture change shall be treat as a 
 discretionary manufacturing change and govern by section 4.3(a ) . 
 4.6 
 quality test and check . 
 manufacturer shall perform all bulk hold stability , manufacture trial , validation ( include , but not limit to , method , process and 
 equipment cleaning validation ) , raw material , in - process , bulk finished product and stability ( chemical and/or microbial ) test or check 
 require to assure the quality of a give product and any test or check require by the specification , the quality agreement , applicable 
 facility addendum or applicable law . with respect to any product manufacture prior to closing or locate at a facility as of closing , 
 manufacturer shall maintain , continue and complete any and all such activity , test and check , include , without limitation , all ongoing 
 stability testing . all cost associate with the performance of manufacturer ’s obligation under this section 4.6 ( include with respect to 
 any product manufacture prior to closing or locate at a facility as of closing ) be include in the price of each product and , accordingly , 
 manufacturer shall perform the foregoing at its cost and expense , without further reimbursement from customer . manufacturer shall obtain 
 product for these test from batch of product manufacture under this agreement , and manufacturer be responsible for provide all 
 necessary technical , quality and operational resource . all test and test result shall be perform , document and summarize by 
 manufacturer in accordance with the specification , quality agreement , applicable facility addendum , applicable law and reasonable 
 quality assurance requirement provide by customer to manufacturer in writing . manufacturer shall maintain all production record and 
 disposition of each batch of product . 
 -37- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 4.7 
 responsibility for non - complying product . 
 manufacturer shall not release any product for delivery to customer that do not conform to the covenant set forth in section 5.2(e ) 
 ( such non - conforming product , " non - complying product " ) , without the prior write approval of customer . manufacturer shall quarantine 
 all such non - complying product and shall promptly submit to customer a report detail the nature of such non - compliance and 
 manufacturer ’s recommend disposition , include the investigation and testing do . manufacturer shall also provide any additional 
 information regard such non - complying product as may reasonably be request by customer . customer shall not be require to pay 
 for any non - complying product or for the destruction or other disposition thereof ( unless an investigation determine that the root cause 
 for such product be non - complying product be non - complying buy - sell material or non - complying customer - supply material ) . 
 4.8 
 rejection of non - complying product . 
 ( a ) 
 customer ’s ability to reject . customer may reject any non - complying product or product that be not deliver to customer in 
 accordance with this agreement by provide write notice of such rejection to manufacturer within seventy - five ( 75 ) day 
 follow customer ’s receipt of any delivery of product hereunder; provide , however , that customer may , until the expiry date for a 
 product , provide notice of rejection of any delivery of such product have ( i ) latent defect , ( ii ) any defect that be not reasonably 
 discoverable by customer through standard inspection and testing of product or ( iii ) defect cause by the breach by manufacturer 
 of any of its representation or warranty under this agreement ( collectively , " latent defects”); provide , far , that , and 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , customer shall notify manufacturer within sixty ( 60 ) day after customer first become aware of any 
 such latent defect . 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer ’s ability to reject . manufacturer may reject any non - complying product by ( i ) provide customer with no less than 
 sixty ( 60 ) day ' prior write notice of manufacturer ’s intention to reject such non - complying product along with the documentation 
 set forth in section 4.7 , ( ii ) meeting with customer at customer ’s request to discuss the basis for the propose rejection of the subject 
 non - complying product , and ( iii ) provide customer with notice of rejection in the event that manufacturer reject the subject non- 
 comply product at the end of such sixty ( 60 ) day period ( or such other time frame as the party may agree upon ) . 
 ( c ) 
 manufacturer ’s obligation; replacement . manufacturer shall respond to any rejection , defect notice or any quality - relate complaint 
 from customer pursuant to section 4.8(a ) in a timely manner or such other time frame as may be specify in the applicable quality 
 agreement . manufacturer shall conduct an analysis of the cause of any such complaint , shall report to customer on any corrective 
 action take and shall reasonably consider 
 -38- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 customer ’s suggestion relate to such corrective action or other quality - relate matter . customer shall promptly return any product 
 ( or portion thereof ) reject pursuant to section 4.8(a ) to manufacturer at manufacturer ’s expense . with respect to any non- 
 comply product reject by customer , in addition to any other right or remedy of customer hereunder , customer may elect , in 
 its sole discretion , upon write notice to manufacturer to either ( i ) have manufacturer replace any non - complying product as soon 
 as practicable at no additional charge to customer; provide that ( a ) the manufacturer shall replace such non - complying product 
 within a period of ninety ( 90 ) day begin on the date that the manufacturer confirm or a third - party laboratory determine that 
 the subject product be a non - complying product , and ( b ) if manufacturer fail to replace such non - complying product within such 
 ninety ( 90 ) day period , then a trigger event shall be deem to have occur and the provision of section 2.5 shall apply; or ( ii ) 
 be reimburse for the price of the non - complying product actually pay . manufacturer shall reimburse customer for the cost of all 
 customer - supply material use to manufacture any non - complying product ( unless such product be a non - complying product 
 due to any non - complying customer - supply material , as applicable ) . 
 ( d ) 
 independent testing . if the party be unable to agree on whether product reject by customer be non - complying product , then 
 manufacturer may hire an independent third - party laboratory , subject to customer ’s prior write approval of such laboratory , not to 
 be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay , to perform testing on such reject product in accordance with the specification , 
 applicable law and the quality agreement , which third party laboratory shall promptly provide the result thereof to customer and 
 manufacturer . manufacturer must engage such third - party laboratory within the thirty ( 30 ) day period follow manufacturer ’s 
 receipt of customer ’s rejection notice . if manufacturer fail to engage such third - party laboratory during such thirty ( 30 ) day period , 
 then manufacturer will be deem to have waive its right to engage such third - party laboratory . the determination of such test 
 shall be bind upon the party for all purpose hereunder; provide that , if such test be unable to determine whether or not such 
 reject product be non - complying product , or if manufacturer do not engage such third - party laboratory within the thirty ( 30 ) 
 day period , then such product shall be deem to be non - complying product . if such test determine that the reject product be , or 
 such product be so deem to be , non - complying product , then manufacturer shall bear the cost of such test and customer ’s 
 remedy with respect to non - complying product as set forth in this agreement shall apply to such non - complying product . 
 otherwise , customer shall ( i ) bear the cost of such test and shall remain obligated to pay manufacturer the price for such product 
 in accordance with section 3 and ( ii ) reimburse manufacturer for any shipping charge pay by manufacturer pursuant to section 
 4.8(c ) with respect to the return of such 
 -39- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 product to manufacturer . without limit the forego obligation , if customer reasonably request in writing , then manufacturer 
 shall use commercially reasonable effort to re - deliver such product to customer at customer ’s expense . for the avoidance of doubt , 
 provide that the product conform to the minimum shelf - life date set forth in section 5.2(e)(v ) upon initial delivery , such minimum 
 shelf - life date requirement shall not apply to the subject product upon re - delivery in accordance with the immediately precede 
 sentence . 
 ( e ) 
 survival . the provision of this section 4.8 shall survive termination or expiration of this agreement or the applicable facility 
 addendum . 
 4.9 
 disposal of reject and non - complying product . 
 all non - complying product and product reject pursuant to this agreement shall be remove ( if applicable ) and dispose of by 
 manufacturer in accordance with all applicable law , and as approve in advance by customer in writing ( such disposal cost to be at 
 manufacturer ’s expense , unless it be subsequently determined that customer wrongly reject such product pursuant to section 4.8 ) . 
 manufacturer shall make documentation relate to such disposition available to customer upon customer ’s reasonable request . 
 manufacturer shall not sell for salvage or for any other purpose any reject or non - complying product , without the prior write approval 
 of customer . manufacturer shall destroy all non - complying product prior to disposal and manufacturer shall deface and render unreadable 
 all word or symbol that identify customer , include customer ’s trademark and logotype that adorn any packaging contain such 
 product , prior to disposal of such product . 
 4.10 
 maintenance and retention of record . 
 manufacturer shall maintain detailed record with respect to product material , buy - sell material , and customer - supply material 
 usage and finished product production in accordance with the quality agreement . 
 4.11 
 government inspection , seizure and recall . 
 ( a ) 
 notification; initiation of recall . if ( i ) manufacturer determine or come to learn that a product distribute to the market contain a 
 latent defect or ( ii ) the fda or any other governmental authority conduct an inspection at manufacturer ’s facility , seize any 
 product , buy - sell material , customer - supply material , or product material , request a recall of any product , buy - sell material , 
 customer - supply material , or product material , or otherwise notifie manufacturer of any violation or potential violation of any 
 applicable law at the facility , or ( iii ) customer notifie manufacturer of its intent to initiate a recall , then , with respect to each ( ( i)- 
 ( iii ) ) , manufacturer shall promptly notify customer ( as applicable ) and shall take such action as may be require under the 
 specification or quality 
 -40- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 agreement . as applicable , manufacturer shall promptly send any report relate to such inspection , recall , violation or potential 
 violation of applicable law to customer; provide that manufacturer may reasonably redact any such report to protect its 
 confidential and proprietary information that do not relate to product . in the event that any such governmental authority 
 request , but do not seize , a give product in connection with any such inspection , manufacturer shall , to the extent reasonably 
 practicable and permit by applicable law ( 1 ) promptly notify customer of such request , ( 2 ) satisfy such request only after 
 receive customer ’s approval , ( 3 ) follow any reasonable procedure instruct by customer in respond to such request and ( 4 ) 
 promptly send any sample of the applicable product request by the governmental authority to customer . manufacturer shall give 
 and permit full and unrestricted access to all or any of its premise at any time to any authorized representative of any governmental 
 authority or any of its agent or adviser and shall cooperate fully with any such representative , in each case , relate to any such 
 inspection . manufacturer shall not initiate any recall of product , except as provide in the quality agreement , without the prior 
 write agreement by customer . 
 ( b ) 
 cost . in the event a recall result from any breach by manufacturer of this agreement , include recall on account of a give 
 product contain a latent defect , in addition to any other right or remedy available to customer under this agreement , 
 manufacturer shall reimburse customer for customer ’s cost and expense associate with such recall , include cost of material 
 supply by customer ( include customer - supply material ) , shipping cost , administrative cost associate with arrange and 
 coordinate the recall and all actual third party cost associate with the distribution of replacement product; provide that 
 customer shall be solely responsible for all , and shall reimburse manufacturer for manufacturer ’s cost and expense associate with 
 any recall to the extent such recall do not result from a breach by manufacturer of this agreement ( e.g. , be due to any non- 
 comply customer - supply material or non - complying buy - sell material ) . 
 4.12 
 inspection . 
 subject to the remainder of this section 4.12 , no more than once per calendar year , upon thirty ( 30 ) day ' advance write notice to 
 manufacturer , customer may physically inspect or audit ( consistent with section 15.2 ) the facility under this section 4.12; provide that 
 customer will use good faith effort to choose date of inspection or audit that do not unreasonably interfere with the operation of 
 manufacturer ’s business; provide , far , that customer shall consider in good faith any alternative date of inspection or audit 
 propose by manufacturer within five ( 5 ) day of manufacturer ’s receipt of such notice ( it be understand that nothing in this section 
 4.12 shall require customer to accept any such propose alternative date of inspection or audit ) . notwithstanding the limit set forth in the 
 -41- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 forego sentence , customer may more frequently conduct " for cause " physical inspection or audits of a facility with five ( 5 ) day ' 
 advance write notice to manufacturer if customer have reasonable cause to believe that an inspection or audit of such facility be 
 warrant because manufacturer ’s activity with respect to such facility be in breach of this agreement , applicable law , the quality 
 agreement or the applicable facility addendum . any such inspection or audit shall include access to relevant record ( subject to the 
 term of section 15.2 ) and personnel and be present during , as applicable , start - up manufacturing operation , validation , cleaning , 
 sampling , laboratory testing , warehouse receive and storage , pack out and shipping . manufacturer shall provide technical assistance and 
 direction to customer and its representative at the facility . subject to the term and condition set forth herein , customer may conduct , at 
 its own expense , periodic quality audit , to ensure manufacturer ’s compliance with the term of this agreement . manufacturer shall 
 cooperate with customer ’s representative for all of these purpose , and shall promptly correct any deficiency note during the audit . 
 any record or information access or otherwise obtain by customer or its representative during any such inspection or audit or any 
 visit at any facility shall be deem manufacturer ’s confidential and proprietary information and each representative of customer will be 
 subject to non - use and other confidentiality obligation substantially comparable to those set forth herein for customer . 
 4.13 
 segregation of restricted compound . 
 unless otherwise set forth in a facility addendum with respect to a product , manufacturer shall not manufacture a product use facility 
 or equipment share with the following class of product without prior consultation and agreement with customer : ( a ) steroid , hormone , 
 or otherwise highly active or toxic product that carry a likelihood of a serious adverse effect ( e.g. , carcinogenicity; anaphylaxis; 
 reproductive and/or developmental toxicity; serious target organ toxicity ) follow a potential product cross - contamination or carry - over 
 scenario , particularly at low exposure concentration ( i.e. , with reference to an acceptable daily exposure ( ade ) value or permit daily 
 exposure ( pde ) value < 10 µg / day); ( b ) immunosuppressor where the ade or pde value < 10 µg / day; ( c ) live or infectious biological 
 agents; ( d ) live or attenuate vaccines; ( e ) biotherapeutic where the ade or pde value < 10 µg / day and sufficient deactivation can not be 
 demonstrated; ( f ) product exclusive for animal use; ( g ) non - medicinal products; or ( h ) radiopharmaceutical . manufacturer shall not 
 manufacture any highly sensitizing product , include beta - lactam antibiotic , as well as certain non - beta - lactam antibiotic , or otherwise 
 highly sensitize product that can elicit an immediate hypersensitivity reaction ( type I hypersensitivity; immunoglobulin e - mediated ) in 
 the same facility as a product . 
 -42- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 4.14 
 packaging material . 
 unless otherwise provide in the applicable facility addendum , customer shall determine and be responsible for the text ( include any 
 logo or other graphic ) for all packaging material use in connection with product . manufacturer shall assure that all packaging material 
 be accurate and consistent with customer ’s specification for such text or graphic , include such matter as placement , size and color . 
 manufacturer shall promptly notify customer of any error or deficiency in such provide packaging material . 
 5 . 
 covenant . 
 5.1 
 mutual covenant . each party hereby covenant to the other party that it will perform its activity under this agreement in full compliance 
 with all applicable global trade control law , include as follow : 
 ( a ) 
 unless a license or other authorization be first obtain , the issuance of which be not guarantee , neither party will knowingly transfer 
 to the other party any good , software , technology or service that be ( 1 ) control at a level other than ear99 under the u.s . 
 export administration regulations; ( 2 ) control under the u.s . international traffic in arm regulations; ( 3 ) specifically identify 
 as an e.u . dual use item; or ( 4 ) on an applicable export control list of a foreign country; 
 ( b ) 
 prior to engage in any activity in a restricted market , involve individual ordinarily resident in a restricted market or include 
 company , organization , or governmental authority from or locate in a restricted market in each case in connection with this 
 agreement , each party must first notify the other party ( which notice , notwithstanding section 17 , shall be address to ( a ) pluto at 
 gtcpfizer.com and ( b ) spinco at [ ● ] ) , who will review and , if compliant with global trade control law , approve ( subject to any 
 appropriate condition ) such activity ( such approval not to be unreasonably withhold or delay ) , within five ( 5 ) business day of 
 such notification; provide that ( 1 ) to the extent relate to u.s . sanction or export control , such notification and approval shall not 
 be require if the activity contemplate would be permissible for u.s . person subject to u.s . sanction ( include without limitation 
 under a u.s . department of the treasury office of foreign asset control general license ) , and ( 2 ) once notification be make and 
 approval be grant with respect to a specific counterparty in a restricted market , further notification and approval will not be 
 require for future transaction or activity with the same counterparty ( unless there be a change in circumstance , process or 
 intermediate party , include , but not limit to , carrier , or otherwise a change to global trade control law relevant to that 
 restrict market or counterparty); provide that , notwithstanding the foregoing , neither party shall undertake any of the activity 
 describe in this clause ( 2 ) without the prior write approval of the other party; and 
 -43- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) 
 notwithstanding anything set forth in section 4.14 to the contrary , for the purpose of any and all packaging and shipping of any 
 good , software , technology or service pursuant to the activity contemplate under this agreement , manufacturer will determine : 
 ( i ) 
 a classification under relevant import and export laws; 
 ( ii ) 
 the country of origin; and 
 ( iii ) 
 a value for customs; 
 provide , however , that the party act as the importer of record ( ior ) or exporter of record ( eor ) shall have the right to request a 
 review of any determination contemplate by clause ( i ) , ( ii ) or ( iii ) above; provide , far , that if the ior or eor ( as applicable ) 
 disagree with such determination , then such party shall maintain the right to refuse to export or import the applicable good , 
 software , technology or service . 
 5.2 
 manufacturer covenant . manufacturer hereby covenant to customer that : 
 ( a ) 
 the facility and all equipment , tooling and mold utilize in the manufacture and supply of product hereunder by or on behalf of 
 manufacturer shall , during the term of this agreement , be maintain in good operating condition and shall be maintain and 
 operate in accordance with all applicable law . the manufacturing and storage operation , procedure and process utilize in 
 manufacture and supply of product hereunder ( include the facility ) shall be in full compliance with all applicable law , include 
 cgmp and health and safety law . 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer shall perform all of its obligation under this agreement in compliance with the applicable law in the territory . 
 manufacturer be in compliance and shall continue to comply , and shall cause its personnel to comply , with all applicable law , 
 include law require serialization; provide that , with respect to compliance with law require serialization , customer shall 
 reimburse manufacturer for all investment make or cost incur by manufacturer in connection with any serialization requirement 
 specific to a give product or product ( which , for clarity , shall not include serialization requirement applicable to both product and 
 other product produce by manufacturer in the facility ) , but only to the extent such cost be reasonable and document and be 
 direct specifically with respect to a product or product . manufacturer have and shall continue to have , and shall cause its 
 personnel to have , all professional license , consent , authorization , permit , and certificate , and shall have and shall cause its 
 personnel to have complete all registration and make such notification as require by applicable law for its performance of the 
 service under this agreement . 
 ( c ) 
 manufacturer shall hold during the term of this agreement all license , permit and similar authorization require by any 
 governmental authority in the territory for manufacturer to perform its obligation under this agreement . 
 -44- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( d ) 
 manufacturer shall have good title to all product supply to customer pursuant to this agreement and shall pass such title to 
 customer ( or its designee ) free and clear of any security interest , lien , or other encumbrance . 
 ( e ) 
 product furnish by manufacturer to customer under this agreement : 
 ( i ) 
 shall be manufacture , package , label , handle , store and deliver in accordance with , shall be of the quality specify 
 in , and shall conform upon delivery to customer ( or its designee ) to , the specifications; 
 ( ii ) 
 shall be manufacture , package , label , handle , store and deliver in compliance with all applicable law include , 
 without limitation , cgmp , and in accordance with the quality agreement , this agreement and the applicable facility 
 addendum; 
 ( iii ) 
 shall not contain any product material that have not be use , handle or store by or on behalf of manufacturer in 
 accordance with the specification , all applicable law , the quality agreement , this agreement and the applicable facility 
 addendum; 
 ( iv ) 
 shall not be adulterate or misbrande within the meaning of section 501 and 502 , respectively , of the act or any other 
 applicable law; and 
 ( v ) 
 shall , at the time deliver , have at least a remain shelf - life as specify in the applicable facility addendum . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing clause ( i ) through ( v ) of this section 5.2(e ) or anything else contain in this agreement or any 
 facility addendum or quality agreement , manufacturer shall have no liability under this agreement ( include under section 4.11(b ) 
 or section 10.1 ) or any facility addendum or quality agreement for any non - complying product which be non - comply due to any 
 non - complying customer - supply material or non - complying buy - sell material . 
 ( f ) 
 manufacturer have not and will not directly or indirectly offer or pay , or authorize such offer or payment , of any money or anything of 
 value or improperly or corruptly seek to influence any government official or any other person in order to gain an improper business 
 advantage , and , have not accept , and will not accept in the future , such a payment . manufacturer will comply with the anti - bribery 
 and anti - corruption principle set forth in attachment d. 
 ( g ) 
 manufacturer shall ensure that it and its personnel comply with the standard policy , regulation and directive list on attachment 
 e and incorporate herein . 
 -45- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 5.3 
 manufacturer ’s social responsibility . 
 ( a ) 
 manufacturer covenant that it shall not , during the term of this agreement ( i ) use involuntary or underage labor ( define in 
 accordance with applicable law ) at the facility where its performance under this agreement will occur or ( ii ) maintain unsafe or 
 unhealthy condition in any dormitory or lodge that it provide for its employee . manufacturer agree that during the term of 
 this agreement , it shall promptly correct unsafe or unhealthy condition in any dormitory or lodge that it provide for its 
 employee . 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer covenant that it will perform its obligation under this agreement in a manner consistent with all of the pharmaceutical 
 industry principle for responsible supply chain management , as codify as of the effective date at 
 http://www.pharmaceuticalsupplychain.org . 
 ( c ) 
 manufacturer shall not use , and shall not allow to be use , any ( i ) cassiterite , columbite - tantalite , gold , wolframite , or the derivative 
 tantalum , tin or tungsten that originate in the democratic republic of congo or an adjoining country or ( ii ) any other mineral or its 
 derivative determine by the secretary of state to be finance conflict pursuant to section 13(p ) of the securities exchange act of 
 1934 ( ( i)-(ii ) collectively , " conflict mineral " ) , in the production of any product . notwithstanding the foregoing , if manufacturer use , 
 or determine that it have use , a conflict mineral in the production of any product , manufacturer shall immediately notify customer , 
 which notice shall contain a write description of the use of the conflict mineral , include , without limitation , whether the conflict 
 mineral appear in any amount in the applicable product ( include trace amount ) and a valid and verifiable certificate of origin of 
 the conflict mineral use . manufacturer must be able to demonstrate that it undertake a reasonable country of origin inquiry and due 
 diligence process in connection with its preparation and delivery of the certificate of origin . 
 ( d ) 
 manufacturer will provide customer with periodic access , upon reasonable notice , to any of its facility where it be perform under 
 this agreement , to its employee and record and to any associated dormitory or lodge that manufacturer provide to its 
 employee , to permit customer to determine manufacturer ’s compliance with this section 5.3 . customer may exercise its inspection 
 right under this section 5.3(d ) upon receipt of any information that would suggest to a reasonable person that manufacturer be not 
 fulfil its obligation under this section 5.3 . 
 5.4 
 notice of material event . 
 manufacturer will promptly notify customer of any actual or anticipated event of which manufacturer be aware that have or would be 
 reasonably expect to have a material effect on any product or on its ability to manufacture or supply any product in accordance with the 
 provision set forth herein , include any labor difficulty , strike , shortage in material , plant closing , interruption in activity and the 
 like . 
 -46- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 5.5 
 disclaimer of warranty . 
 except as expressly provide in this agreement , neither party make nor receive any warranty of any 
 kind , express , imply , statutory or otherwise , include warranty of merchantability , suitability or 
 fitness for a particular purpose , title and non - infringement of any firmware , software or hardware 
 provide or use hereunder , and any representation or warranty arise from course of dealing , 
 course of performance or trade usage , and all such representation and warranty be hereby 
 expressly disclaim . 
 6 . 
 environmental covenant . 
 6.1 
 compliance with environmental law . 
 ( a ) 
 manufacturer shall perform all of its obligation herein in compliance with all environmental law and all license , registration , 
 notification , certificate , approval , authorization or permit require under environmental law . 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer shall be solely responsible for all environmental liability arise from its performance of this agreement . 
 6.2 
 permit , license and authorization . 
 ( a ) 
 manufacturer shall be solely responsible for obtain , and shall obtain in a timely manner , and maintain in good standing , all 
 license , registration , notification , certificate , approval , authorization or permit require under environmental law , whether de 
 novo document or modification to exist document , which be necessary to perform the service hereunder , and shall bear all 
 cost and expense associate therewith . 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer shall provide copy of all material item reference in section 6.2(a ) to customer upon request by customer and shall 
 operate in compliance therewith . 
 ( c ) 
 manufacturer shall provide customer with reasonably prompt verbal notice , confirm in write within twenty - four ( 24 ) hour , in the 
 event of any major incident , which shall include any event , occurrence , or circumstance , include any governmental or private 
 action , which materially impact or could materially impact manufacturer ’s ability to fulfill its obligation under this agreement . these 
 include , but be not limit to : ( i ) material revocation or modification of any of the document describe in section 6.2(a ) , 
 -47- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( ii ) any action by governmental authority that may reasonably lead to the material revocation or modification of manufacturer ’s 
 require permit , license , or authorization , as list above , ( iii ) any third party claim against the management or ownership of the 
 facility that could reasonably materially impact manufacturer ’s obligation under this agreement , ( iv ) any fire , explosion , significant 
 accident , or catastrophic release of hazardous material , or significant " near miss " incident , ( v ) any significant non - compliance with 
 environmental law and ( vi ) any environmental condition or operating practice that may reasonably be believe to present a 
 significant threat to human health , safety or the environment . 
 ( d ) 
 notwithstanding the requirement note above , each party , whether customer or manufacturer , be require to create and maintain : 
 ( i ) 
 require license , permit and agreement , include those necessary to affect import , export , and activity cover by 
 economic sanction regulation , include annual agreement for activity involve restrict markets; 
 ( ii ) 
 policy , procedure , control , and system to support compliance with global trade control laws; and 
 ( iii ) 
 agreement with custom broker , freight forwarder , financial institution , and other third party , as necessary . 
 6.3 
 generation of hazardous waste . 
 without limit other legally applicable requirement , manufacturer shall prepare , execute and maintain , as the generator of waste , all 
 registration , notice , shipping document and manifest require under applicable environmental law and in accordance therewith . 
 manufacturer shall utilize only reputable and lawful waste transportation and disposal vendor , and shall not knowingly utilize any such 
 vendor whose operation endanger human health or the environment . 
 6.4 
 environmental sustainability information . 
 manufacturer will disclose to customer , on an annual basis , its result with respect to any effort to reduce greenhouse gas emission , 
 water consumption or the generation of waste associate with the performance of this agreement , to the extent manufacturer otherwise 
 prepare such result . 
 6.5 
 environmental and health and safety review . 
 ( a ) 
 manufacturer covenant that it will , to the manufacturer ’s knowledge , completely and accurately disclose to customer all material 
 environmental and health and safety information regard its product ( include an obligation to supplement this information , as 
 necessary ) during the term of this agreement , as reasonably request by customer . 
 -48- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer shall permit customer ( at customer ’s expense ) to conduct reasonable annual review of the environmental and health 
 and safety practice and performance of the facility with respect to the product where manufacturer ’s performance under this 
 agreement be occurring; provide that such review shall not include any invasive sampling at such facility and shall not 
 unreasonably interfere with manufacturer ’s operation of such facility . in connection with such review , manufacturer shall 
 reasonably assist in the completion of an environmental health and safety survey of manufacturer or the scheduling of an 
 environmental health and safety audit of the facility , as applicable , in each case with respect to the product . customer shall share its 
 finding ( include any deficiency ) with manufacturer as soon as practicable , manufacturer shall have the sole right to report any 
 such deficiency to third party and manufacturer shall use commercially reasonable effort to correct , at no expense to customer , 
 such deficiency in its environmental and health and safety management practice with respect to the product that be not in 
 compliance with applicable law or create significant risk to human health or the environment . manufacturer acknowledge that such 
 review conduct by customer be for the benefit of customer only; they be not a substitute for manufacturer ’s own environmental 
 and health and safety management obligation under this agreement and accordingly , manufacturer may not rely upon they . 
 7 . 
 term; termination . 
 7.1 
 term of agreement . 
 unless otherwise provide in the applicable facility addendum , this agreement ( a ) shall commence on the effective date and shall 
 continue for a period of four ( 4 ) year from such date ( the " initial term " of this agreement ) , unless soon terminate pursuant to section 
 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 , 7.6 or 7.7 , and ( b ) may be extend for up to three ( 3 ) additional period of twelve ( 12 ) month ( each , an " extension period " ) by 
 write notice give by customer to manufacturer not less than twelve ( 12 ) month prior to the expiration of the initial term or the 
 applicable extension period , as the case may be . the initial term and all extension period shall be refer to collectively as the " term " of 
 this agreement . for the avoidance of doubt , the term of this agreement shall continue until all facility addenda hereunder expire or 
 otherwise terminate , unless this agreement or such facility addenda be soon terminate pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 , 7.6 or 7.7 . 
 -49- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 7.2 
 term of facility addendum . 
 unless otherwise provide in the applicable facility addendum , each facility addendum shall commence on the effective date and shall 
 continue for a period of four ( 4 ) year from such date ( the " initial term " of the facility addendum ) , unless extended or terminate pursuant 
 to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 , 7.6 or 7.7 . a facility addendum may be extend for up to three ( 3 ) additional period of twelve ( 12 ) month ( each , 
 an " extension period " ) by write notice give by customer to manufacturer not less than twelve ( 12 ) month prior to the expiration of the 
 initial term or the applicable extension period , as the case may be . the initial term and all extension period shall be refer to collectively 
 as the " term " of the facility addendum . 
 7.3 
 termination for cause . 
 ( a ) 
 either party may terminate this agreement and the applicable facility addendum , on a product - by - product basis , with respect to a 
 particular product , upon write notice to the other party in the event of a material breach by the other party of any term of this 
 agreement or facility addendum with respect to such product , which breach remain uncured for ninety ( 90 ) calendar day follow 
 write notice to such breach party of such material breach . 
 ( b ) 
 either party may terminate this agreement and the applicable facility addendum , on a facility addendum - by - facility addendum 
 basis , with respect to a particular facility , upon write notice to the other party in the event of a material breach by the other party of 
 any term of this agreement or facility addendum with respect to such facility , which breach remain uncured for ninety ( 90 ) calendar 
 day follow write notice to such breach party of such material breach . 
 ( c ) 
 for clarity , in the event that multiple product be manufacture by or on behalf of manufacturer under this agreement in the same 
 facility , a material breach by manufacturer of this agreement or facility addendum that be an act or omission specific to one or more 
 product in a facility , but not all product in such facility , shall give rise to an ability of customer to terminate this agreement solely 
 with respect to the affected product(s ) under section 7.3(a ) but shall not give rise to an ability of customer to terminate the relevant 
 facility addendum under section 7.3(b ) . 
 7.4 
 termination for disposition of facility . 
 in the event that manufacturer or any of its affiliate , directly or indirectly , sell , assign , lease , convey , transfer or otherwise dispose 
 of any facility ( a " facility disposition " ) , then manufacturer shall immediately notify customer of such event and customer shall be entitle 
 for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the receipt of such notice to terminate any facility addendum with respect to such facility for cause 
 immediately upon write notice to manufacturer and , in the event customer decide not to terminate the facility addendum for cause , 
 customer shall be entitle for a period of two ( 2 ) year ( or such long period in order to obtain approval for manufacture from all applicable 
 governmental authority ) after 
 -50- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 receipt of such notice to receive technical support at manufacturer ’s sole cost to enable customer to orderly transfer production of 
 affected product or product to a customer facility or an alternative facility as designate by customer; provide that manufacturer shall 
 notify customer of any proposed or plan facility disposition by manufacturer or any of its affiliate as soon as reasonably practicable 
 and in any event no later than the date that be three ( 3 ) month prior to the effective date of such facility disposition . 
 7.5 
 termination in event of insolvency . 
 in the event that a party hereto ( a ) become insolvent , or institute or have institute against it a petition for bankruptcy or be adjudicate 
 bankrupt , ( b ) execute a bill of sale , deed of trust , or a general assignment for the benefit of creditor , ( c ) be dissolve or liquidate or ( d ) 
 have a receiver appoint for the benefit of its creditor , or have a receiver appoint on account of insolvency ( in the case of clause ( a)–(d ) , 
 such party shall be refer to as the " insolvent party " ) , then the insolvent party shall immediately notify the other party of such event and 
 such other party shall be entitle to ( i ) terminate this agreement or any and all facility addenda for cause immediately upon write notice 
 to the insolvent party or ( ii ) request that the insolvent party or its successor provide adequate assurance of continued and future 
 performance in form and substance acceptable to such other party , which shall be provide by the insolvent party within ten ( 10 ) calendar 
 day of such request , and the other party may terminate this agreement and any or all facility addenda for cause immediately upon write 
 notice to the insolvent party in the event that the insolvent party fail to provide such assurance acceptable to the other party within 
 such ten ( 10 ) day period . 
 7.6 
 termination for breach of anti - bribery representation . 
 customer may terminate this agreement and any and all facility addenda effective immediately upon notice to manufacturer , if 
 manufacturer ( a ) breach any of the representation and warranty set forth in section 5.2(f ) or ( b ) customer learn ( i ) that improper 
 payment be be or have be make or offer to any government official or any other person by manufacturer or those act on 
 behalf of manufacturer with respect to any obligation perform hereunder or ( ii ) that manufacturer or those act on behalf of 
 manufacturer with respect to the performance of any obligation hereunder have accept any payment , item , or benefit , regardless of value , 
 as an improper inducement to award , obtain or retain business or otherwise gain or grant an improper business advantage from or to any 
 other person or entity . far , in the event of such termination , manufacturer shall not be entitle to any further payment , regardless of 
 any activity undertake or agreement with additional third party enter into by manufacturer prior to such termination , and 
 manufacturer shall be liable for damage or remedy as provide by this agreement , at law or in equity . 
 -51- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 7.7 
 termination for convenience by customer . 
 ( a ) 
 this agreement and/or any or all facility addendum ( unless otherwise specify in the applicable facility addendum ) may be 
 terminate on a product - by - product basis by customer immediately upon write notice to manufacturer , if customer can not 
 continue to distribute , use , market or sell such product supply under this agreement or the relevant facility addendum without 
 violate any then - current law . 
 ( b ) 
 this agreement and/or any or all facility addenda shall be deem to be terminate by customer on a product - by - product basis 
 without any further action of either customer or manufacturer in the event that customer fail to order a product during any rolling 
 eighteen ( 18 ) month period; provide that this subsection ( b ) shall not apply with respect to api as product . 
 7.8 
 effect of termination or expiration . 
 ( a ) 
 the termination or expiration of this agreement ( whether in its entirety or with respect to any product or facility ) or any facility 
 addendum for any reason shall not release any party hereto of any liability which at the time of termination or expiration have already 
 accrue to the other party in respect to any act or omission prior thereto . 
 ( b ) 
 upon termination of this agreement by customer in whole or in part or upon the termination of any facility addendum , in each case , 
 pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , and on a terminate - product - by - terminate - product basis , at customer ’s option and pursuant 
 to customer ’s instruction , manufacturer shall provide customer with sufficient inventory of such terminate product to ensure 
 business continuity accord to then - current term and pricing ( subject to section 3 ) until the early of : ( i ) customer ’s identification 
 of , and securing of regulatory approval for , another supplier of such terminate product or ( ii ) unless otherwise set forth in the 
 applicable facility addendum as the " inventory tail period " for such product , a time period that reflect customer ’s reasonable 
 need of such product as mutually agree upon by the party in good faith . manufacturer shall take such further action , at 
 manufacturer ’s expense , that customer may reasonably request to minimize delay and expense arise from termination or expiration 
 of this agreement . for the avoidance of doubt , manufacturer ’s obligation to supply product pursuant to this section 7.8(b ) shall be 
 subject to and govern by the term of this agreement , include term pertain to forecast and purchase order and payment 
 term . 
 ( c ) 
 upon customer ’s request at any time during the term , manufacturer shall promptly notify customer of any material contract , 
 license , permit , and other material document , in each case , that be specific to , and be use solely in connection with , a product or 
 facility addendum and provide copy or access thereto subject to any restriction on the provision of copy 
 -52- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 or access . upon termination or expiration of this agreement in whole or in part or any facility addendum , if request by customer 
 within ninety ( 90 ) day immediately follow the effective date of such expiration or termination of this agreement and pursuant to 
 customer ’s reasonable request and instruction , manufacturer shall use commercially reasonable effort to , as applicable , make 
 assignment or partial assignment of such material contract , license , permit , and other material document , as applicable , in each 
 case subject to any restriction on assignment , or as may otherwise be set forth in any contract relate thereto . customer shall 
 reimburse manufacturer for all out - of - pocket cost reasonably incur by manufacturer in activity conduct pursuant to this 
 section 7.8(c ) , unless this agreement have be terminate by customer pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , in which case 
 manufacturer shall bear all such reasonable expense . 
 ( d ) 
 the termination or expiration of this agreement shall not affect the survival and continue validity of section 2.10 ( transitional 
 support ) ( with respect to manufacturer ’s obligation and to the extent technical support have be request prior to , or within 
 ninety ( 90 ) day follow , the effective date of termination or expiration ) , section 3.5 ( invoice and payment ) , section 4.1 , 4.5 , 4.6 , 
 4.8 , 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 and 4.13 ( manufacturing standard and quality assurance ) , section 5 ( covenant ) , section 6 ( environmental 
 covenant ) , section 7.8 ( effect of termination or expiration ) , section 7.9 ( unused material ) , section 7.10 ( return of material , tool 
 and equipment ) , section 8 ( intellectual property ) , section 10 ( indemnification; limitation of liability ) , section 11 ( insurance ) , section 
 13 ( confidentiality ) , section 15 ( record and audit ) , section 16 ( notice ) , section 17 ( miscellaneous ) , or of any other provision 
 which be expressly intend to continue in force after such termination or expiration . 
 7.9 
 unused material . 
 in the event of the expiration of this agreement or termination of this agreement in whole or in part ( include the termination of any 
 facility addendum ) by customer in accordance with section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , customer may , at its option within ninety ( 90 ) day 
 immediately follow the effective date of the expiration or termination of this agreement , purchase any work in process and/or product 
 material that manufacturer have purchase exclusively for customer in accordance with this agreement for the production of any 
 terminate product . customer shall pay manufacturer ’s direct cost for work in process , and manufacturer ’s purchase price from its 
 supplier for product material . in the event of the termination of this agreement by customer in accordance with section 7.7 or the 
 termination of this agreement by manufacturer in accordance with section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , customer shall purchase at cost all product 
 material purchase in accordance with customer ’s purchase order and on reasonable reliance upon customer ’s forecast; provide that 
 manufacturer use its reasonable commercial effort to exhaust exist stock of such product material prior to the date of 
 -53- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 termination . in the event of the termination or expiration of this agreement for any other reason , customer shall have no obligation to 
 purchase any product material . any product material that be not purchase or require to be purchase by customer pursuant to this 
 section 7.9 shall be dispose of or destroy in accordance with customer ’s instruction , which cost shall be bear by manufacturer . 
 7.10 
 return of material , tool and equipment . 
 ( a ) 
 upon termination or expiration of this agreement in whole or in part or , with respect to any product , facility or any facility 
 addendum for any reason whatsoever , at customer ’s request , manufacturer shall , as promptly as practicable give relevant 
 circumstance , deliver to customer in accordance with customer ’s reasonable instruction all specification ( and copy thereof ) , 
 artwork , label , bottle , all premium and packaging material purchase by customer and all product material , buy - sell material , 
 customer - supply material , and equipment , mold , tablet press tooling or proprietary material in manufacturer ’s possession and 
 control that during the term have , pursuant to this agreement or a facility addendum , either ( i ) be provide by customer to 
 manufacturer , or ( ii ) purchase by manufacturer ( and reimburse by customer ) , in each case , that be use and hold for use 
 exclusively for the manufacture for customer of product or product impact by such termination or expiration; provide that 
 manufacturer shall not be so require to deliver any material , tool or equipment that be fixture or fitting or any item the removal 
 of which from the facility use good faith diligent effort would be reasonably likely to disrupt in any material respect , or cause 
 damage to , the facility or its operation or any material , tool or equipment own , lease or otherwise control by manufacturer 
 or any of its affiliate or any material expense . at customer ’s request , manufacturer shall , as promptly as reasonably practicable 
 give relevant circumstance and in accordance with customer ’s reasonable instruction , remove all such equipment , mold and 
 tablet press tooling from the facility and make such equipment , mold and tooling available for pickup at the facility by a carrier 
 designate by customer . all delivery , removal and transportation cost reasonably incur in connection with this section 7.10(a ) 
 shall be bear by customer , except in the event customer terminate this agreement pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , in which 
 case all such reasonable cost shall be bear by manufacturer . 
 ( b ) 
 any product quarantine at the time of expiration or termination of this agreement shall be dispose of or destroy by 
 manufacturer in accordance with customer ’s instruction and at customer ’s cost; provide that , to the extent ( i ) such quarantine be 
 the result of manufacturer ’s gross negligence , fraud , willful misconduct or breach of this agreement or ( ii ) this agreement be 
 terminate in whole or in part with respect to such product ( include the termination of the applicable facility addendum ) by 
 customer in accordance with section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , then manufacturer shall be responsible for all cost incur by manufacturer 
 in connection with dispose and destroy such quarantined product . 
 -54- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 8 . 
 intellectual property . 
 8.1 
 customer ’s intellectual property . 
 customer hereby grant to manufacturer a non - exclusive license during the term to use any customer property and customer - own 
 improvement and development solely in connection with manufacturer perform its obligation under this agreement or the facility 
 addendum in accordance with the term hereof or thereof , as applicable . manufacturer shall not acquire any other right , title or interest in 
 or to the customer property or customer - own improvement and development as a result of its performance hereunder , and any and all 
 goodwill arise from manufacturer ’s use of any customer property or customer - own improvement and development shall inure to 
 the sole and exclusive benefit of customer . 
 8.2 
 improvement and development . 
 ( a ) 
 each party acknowledge and agree that improvement or modification to customer property may be make by or on behalf of 
 manufacturer ( " improvement " ) , and creative idea , proprietary information , development , or invention may be develop under or 
 in connection with this agreement by or on behalf of manufacturer ( " development " ) , in each case either alone or in concert with 
 customer or third party . 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer acknowledge and agree that , as between the party , any improvement or development that be specific to and 
 otherwise solely relate to , the manufacturing , processing or packaging of product ( such improvement and development , 
 collectively , " customer - own improvement and development " ) shall be the exclusive property of customer , and customer shall 
 own all right , title and interest in and to such customer - own improvement and development . manufacturer agree to and 
 hereby do irrevocably transfer , assign and convey , and shall cause its personnel to irrevocably transfer , assign and convey , all 
 right , title and interest in and to each of the customer - own improvement and development to customer free and clear of any 
 encumbrance , and manufacturer agree to execute , and shall cause its subcontractor and personnel to execute , all document 
 necessary to do so . all such assignment shall include exist or prospective intellectual property right therein in any country . 
 -55- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) 
 customer acknowledge and agree that , as between the party , all improvement and development make by or on behalf of 
 manufacturer in the conduct of activity under this agreement or a facility addendum other than customer - own improvement 
 and development ( such improvement and development , collectively , " manufacturer - own improvement and development " ) 
 shall be the exclusive property of manufacturer , and manufacturer shall own all right , title and interest in and to such manufacturer- 
 own improvement and development . customer agree to and hereby do irrevocably transfer , assign and convey , and shall 
 cause its personnel to irrevocably transfer , assign and convey , all right , title and interest in and to each of the manufacturer - own 
 improvement and development to manufacturer free and clear of any encumbrance , and customer agree to execute , and shall 
 cause its personnel and subcontractor to execute , all document necessary to do so . all such assignment shall include exist or 
 prospective intellectual property right therein in any country . 
 8.3 
 ownership of other property . 
 unless otherwise agree by the party or specify in the separation agreement , customer be the sole owner of any and all tool , 
 specification , blueprint and design directly own and supply or pay for by customer ( i.e. , not any material that be include in the 
 price of product ) , and manufacturer shall not use , transfer , loan or publicize any of the above , except as necessary for its performance 
 under this agreement . 
 8.4 
 limit right to use . 
 subject to the provision of section 8.1 , nothing set forth in this agreement shall be construe to grant to manufacturer any title , right or 
 interest in or to any intellectual property control by customer or any of its affiliate . use by manufacturer of any such intellectual 
 property shall be limit exclusively to its performance of this agreement . 
 9 . 
 joint advisory committee . 
 9.1 
 formation and role . 
 the party shall , as soon as practicable but not later than within ninety ( 90 ) day after the effective date , form a joint advisory committee 
 ( the " joint advisory committee " or " jac " ) . the jac will provide a forum for the good faith discussion of major matter relate to this 
 agreement , include in particular ( but not limit to ) matter of commercial performance , supply , overall performance , capital investment 
 and business planning ( strategy and management ) , and the transition to customer - supply material arrangement contemplate by 
 section 12.1(f ) , but also any other item , matter or activity , include with respect to any facility . 
 -56- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 9.2 
 membership; chair . 
 ( a ) 
 membership . the jac shall consist of up to five ( 5 ) representative appoint by each party in writing , or such other number of 
 representative as the party may agree in write from time to time ( each , a " jac member " ) . either party may invite any person that 
 be not a jac member ( include consultant and advisor of a party ) to participate in meeting of the jac , without a right to 
 participate in the discussion of the jac , so long as ( i ) such person be under an appropriate obligation of confidentiality , ( ii ) the 
 invite party provide at least three ( 3 ) business day ' prior notice to the other party identify such person and ( iii ) the non- 
 invite party do not reasonably object to such person participate in the discussion of the jac prior to such meeting . 
 ( b ) 
 jac chair . the jac shall be co - chair by one jac member of each party ( each , a " jac chair " ) , to be elect by the respective 
 party when name its jac member . the jac chair shall cooperate in good faith to : ( i ) notify the jac member of each party of 
 each jac meeting , which notice shall be provide at least thirty ( 30 ) calendar day in advance of such meeting ( to the extent 
 practicable ) with respect to the ordinary quarterly jac meetings; ( ii ) collect and organize agenda item for each jac meeting , and 
 circulate such agenda to all jac member at least two ( 2 ) business day prior to each meeting date; provide , however , that any 
 jac member shall be free to propose additional topic to be include on such agenda , either prior to or in the course of any jac 
 meeting; ( iii ) preside at jac meetings; and ( iv ) prepare the write minute of each jac meeting and circulate such minute for 
 review and approval by the jac member of each party , and identify action item to be carry out . 
 9.3 
 meeting . 
 ( a ) 
 ordinary jac meeting . during the term of this agreement , the jac shall meet on a quarterly basis or as otherwise determine in 
 writing by the party , and such meeting may be conduct in person , by videoconference or by telephone conference ( each such 
 meeting , a " jac meeting " ) . in - person meeting of the jac will alternate between appropriate venue of each party , as reasonably 
 determine by the party . the party shall each bear all expense of their respective representative relate to their participation on 
 the jac . the member of the jac also may convene or be poll or consult from time to time by mean of telecommunication , 
 video or telephone conference , electronic mail or correspondence , as deem necessary or appropriate . 
 ( b ) 
 additional jac meeting . either party may call an additional meeting of the jac at any time upon twenty ( 20 ) business day ' prior 
 write notice if such party reasonably determine that there be a need for discussion at the level of a jac meeting on top of the 
 ordinary quarterly jac meeting , and reasonably specify such ground in its notice to the other party . 
 -57- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) 
 provision of information . upon the request of the jac chair or at least four ( 4 ) member of the jac , each party will provide write 
 material and information relate to matter within the purview of the jac in advance of a jac meeting . in addition , the jac shall be 
 inform by each party in good faith about any matter or issue within the purview of the jac which a party should reasonably 
 deem to be of high importance for the other party . 
 9.4 
 area of responsibility . 
 subject to the term of this agreement , the jac shall act as a forum to discuss in good faith in particular the follow major item , matter 
 and area of interest : 
 ( a ) 
 oversee , review and coordinate the activity of the party under this agreement; 
 ( b ) 
 each facility ’s overall performance under this agreement; and 
 ( c ) 
 any other major matter , role , obligation and responsibility under this agreement , to the extent any party reasonably provide 
 such matter to the jac for discussion . 
 9.5 
 advisory role; no decision - make authority . 
 ( a ) 
 advisory role . the jac and its member shall only have an advisory role and shall discuss in good faith and provide to the party 
 its opinion on the matter in its purview . the party agree to reasonably take into account the opinion and view express by the 
 jac and its member for perform their respective obligation under this agreement . 
 ( b ) 
 no decision - make authority . the jac shall have no decision - make authority over the matter in its purview unless the party 
 mutually decide in writing to delegate the decision - make authority on such specific item or matter to the jac . moreover , it shall not 
 be within the authority of the jac to ( i ) directly impose on either party or its affiliate any additional obligation(s ) or a resolution on 
 the party with respect to any dispute regard the existence or extent / amount of any obligation , include payment obligation , 
 under this agreement , or to ( ii ) amend , modify or waive compliance with this agreement . 
 10 . 
 indemnification; limitation of liability . 
 10.1 
 indemnification of customer . 
 ( a ) 
 subject to the provision of this section 10 and , for clarity , without limit anything in the separation agreement or any other 
 ancillary agreement , manufacturer shall indemnify , defend and hold harmless customer , its affiliate and its and their respective 
 director , officer , manager , member , employee and agent , and each of the heir , executor , successor and assign of any of the 
 foregoing ( each , a " customer indemnify party " ) from and against any and all loss of such customer 
 -58- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 indemnify party to the extent relate to , arise out of or result from any action of a third party arise out of or result from 
 any of the following item ( without duplication ): ( i ) any breach by manufacturer or its personnel of this agreement or any facility 
 addendum; ( ii ) any injury or death of any person due to any breach by manufacturer or its personnel of this agreement or any 
 facility addendum; ( iii ) the infringement or misappropriation of a third party ’s intellectual property by the use or practice by 
 manufacturer or its affiliate of any product manufacturing process that have be change ( include as to the facility in which such 
 manufacturing process take place ) on or follow the effective date without the write approval of customer to make such 
 change; ( iv ) manufacturer ’s supply of non - complying product under this agreement; or ( v ) the gross negligence , fraud or willful 
 misconduct of manufacturer or its personnel in connection with the performance or non - performance of this agreement . 
 ( b ) 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , manufacturer shall not be liable for loss describe in section 10.1(a ) to the extent such loss be : 
 ( i ) cause by the gross negligence , fraud or willful misconduct of a customer indemnify party in connection with the performance or 
 non - performance of this agreement; ( ii ) cause by the breach of any of the term of this agreement or a facility addendum by a 
 customer indemnify party , include in connection with the performance or non - performance of this agreement or ( iii ) subject to 
 customer ’s indemnification obligation pursuant to section 10.2 . 
 10.2 
 indemnification of manufacturer . 
 ( a ) 
 subject to the provision of this section 10 and , for clarity , without limit anything in the separation agreement or any ancillary 
 agreement , customer shall indemnify , defend and hold harmless manufacturer , its affiliate and its and their respective director , 
 officer , manager , member , employee and agent , and each of the heir , executor , successor and assign of any of the foregoing 
 ( each , a " manufacturer indemnify party " ) from and against any and all loss of such manufacturer indemnify party to the 
 extent relate to , arise out of or result from any action of a third party arise out of or result from any of the following 
 item ( without duplication ): ( i ) any breach by customer or its personnel of this agreement or any facility addendum; ( ii ) the gross 
 negligence , fraud or willful misconduct of customer or its personnel in connection with the performance or non - performance of this 
 agreement; ( iii ) the infringement or misappropriation of a third party ’s intellectual property by the use or practice by manufacturer or 
 its affiliate in performance of this agreement of any product manufacturing process that have be change with the write approval 
 of customer to make such change; ( iv ) customer ’s supply of non - comply customer - supply material or non - complying buy- 
 sell material under this agreement; or ( v ) the use , sale , offer for sale , import or other commercialization of any product ( include 
 any injury or death of any person due to any of the foregoing in this clause ( v ) ) . 
 -59- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , customer shall not be liable for loss describe in section 10.2(a ) to the extent such loss be : ( i ) 
 cause by the gross negligence , fraud or willful misconduct of a manufacturer indemnify party in connection with the performance 
 or non - performance of this agreement; ( ii ) cause by the breach of any of the term of this agreement or any facility addendum by 
 a manufacturer indemnify party or ( iii ) be subject to manufacturer ’s indemnification obligation pursuant to section 10.1 . 
 furthermore , customer shall not be liable for loss pursuant to section 10.2(a)(iii ) above to the extent such infringement or 
 misappropriation be cause by manufacturer ’s unauthorized use or unauthorized modification of any customer property , customer- 
 own improvement and development , buy - sell material or customer - supply material . 
 10.3 
 indemnification procedure . 
 ( a ) 
 if , at or follow the date of this agreement , any person entitle to be indemnify under this section 10 ( the " indemnitee " ) shall 
 receive notice or otherwise learn of the assertion by a person ( include any governmental authority ) who be not a member of the 
 pluto group or the spinco group of any claim or of the commencement by any such person of any action with respect to which the 
 party from whom indemnification may be seek under this section 10 ( the " indemnifying party " ) ( such claim , a " third - party claim " ) , 
 such indemnitee shall give such indemnify party write notice thereof as promptly as practicable , but in any event within thirty 
 ( 30 ) day ( or soon if the nature of the third - party claim so require ) after become aware of such third - party claim . any such 
 notice shall describe the third - party claim in reasonable detail , include the fact and circumstance give rise to such claim for 
 indemnification , and include copy of all notice and document ( include court paper ) receive by the indemnitee relate to the 
 third - party claim . notwithstanding the foregoing , the failure of any indemnitee to provide notice as provide in this section 10.3(a ) 
 shall not relieve an indemnify party of its obligation under this section 10 , except to the extent , and only to the extent , that such 
 indemnify party be materially prejudice by such failure to give notice in accordance with this section 10.3(a ) . 
 ( b ) 
 an indemnify party may elect ( but shall not be require ) to defend ( and seek to settle or compromise ) , at such indemnify 
 party ’s own expense and by such indemnify party ’s own counsel ( which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the 
 indemnitee ) , any third - party claim; provide that the indemnify party shall not be entitle to defend such third - party claim and 
 shall pay the reasonable fee and expense of one separate 
 -60- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 counsel for all indemnitee if the claim for indemnification relate to or arise in connection with any criminal action , indictment or 
 allegation or if such third - party claim seek an injunction or equitable relief against the indemnitee ( and not any indemnifying party 
 or any of its affiliate ) . within thirty ( 30 ) day after the receipt of notice from an indemnitee in accordance with section 10.3(a ) ( or 
 soon , if the nature of such third - party claim so require ) , the indemnify party shall notify the indemnitee of its election whether 
 the indemnify party will assume responsibility for defend such third - party claim , which election shall specify any reservation 
 or exception to its defense . after notice from an indemnify party to an indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of a 
 third - party claim , such indemnitee shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in ( but not control ) the defense , 
 compromise , or settlement thereof , but the fee and expense of such counsel shall be the expense of such indemnitee; provide , 
 however , in the event that the indemnify party have elect to assume the defense of the third - party claim but have specify , and 
 continue to assert , any reservation or exception in such notice , then , in such case , the reasonable fee and expense of one 
 separate counsel for all indemnitee shall be bear by the indemnify party; and provide far that the indemnify party will 
 pay the reasonable fee and expense of such separate counsel if , base on the reasonable opinion of legal counsel to the 
 indemnitee , a conflict or potential conflict of interest exist between the indemnify party and the indemnitee which make 
 representation of both party inappropriate under applicable standard of professional conduct . 
 ( c ) 
 if an indemnify party elect not to assume responsibility for defend a third - party claim , or fail to notify an indemnitee of its 
 election as provide in section 10.3(b ) , then the applicable indemnitee may defend such third - party claim at the cost and expense of 
 the indemnify party to the extent indemnification be available under the term of this agreement . if an indemnify party elect 
 not to assume responsibility for defend a third - party claim , or fail to notify an indemnitee of its election as provide in section 
 10.3(b ) , then , it shall not be a defense to any obligation of the indemnify party to pay any amount in respect of such third - party 
 claim that the indemnify party be not consult in the defense thereof , that such indemnify party ’s view or opinion as to 
 the conduct of such defense be not accept or adopt , that such indemnify party do not approve of the quality or manner 
 of the defense thereof or , subject to section 10.3(d ) , that such third - party claim be incur by reason of a settlement rather than by 
 a judgment or other determination of liability . 
 ( d ) 
 neither party may settle or compromise any third - party claim for which either party be seek to be indemnify hereunder without 
 the prior write consent of the other party , which consent may not be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay , unless such 
 settlement or compromise be solely for monetary damage that be fully payable by the settling or compromising party , do not 
 involve any admission , finding or determination of wrongdoing or violation of law by the other party and provide for a full , 
 unconditional and irrevocable release of the other party from all liability in connection with the third - party claim . 
 -61- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 10.4 
 limitation on liability . 
 ( a ) 
 except in the event of ( i ) third party claim subject to a party ’s indemnification obligation pursuant to section 10.1 , ( ii ) third party 
 claim subject to a party ’s indemnification obligation pursuant to section 10.2 , ( iii ) the gross negligence , fraud or willful misconduct 
 of a party or its personnel , ( iv ) a party ’s willful breach of this agreement , ( v ) a breach of section 13 or ( vi ) customer liability 
 pursuant to , and subject to the limitation set forth in , section 2.5(e ) , neither party ’s aggregate liability to the other party ( or its 
 personnel that be indemnitee under section 10.1 or section 10.2 , as applicable ) under this agreement for the initial twelve ( 12 ) month 
 period immediately follow the effective date , and for any twelve ( 12 ) month period thereafter during the term , shall exceed , on a 
 cumulative basis , the amount that be one and one half ( 11∕2 ) times the aggregate amount pay or payable pursuant to this agreement 
 in the precede twelve ( 12 ) month period precede the loss date by customer to manufacturer but solely with respect to the supply 
 hereunder of product ( or product ) for which such correspond liability arise ( the " affected product " ) and not any other 
 product ( or if , as of the time the liability arise , this agreement have not be in effect for twelve ( 12 ) month , then the amount pay 
 or payable by customer to manufacturer hereunder during the period from the effective date until such time the liability arise , shall 
 be annualize to a full twelve ( 12 ) month but solely with respect to the supply hereunder of the affected product(s ) and not any 
 other product ) . 
 ( b ) 
 notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement to the contrary , except for damage or 
 claim arise out of ( i ) a breach of section 13 of this agreement , ( ii ) customer liability pursuant to , 
 and subject to the limitation set forth in , section 2.5(e ) , ( iii ) a party ’s or its personnel ’s gross 
 negligence , fraud or willful misconduct , ( iv ) a party ’s willful breach of this agreement , or ( v ) a 
 party ’s indemnification obligation with respect to third party claim under section 10.1 or section 
 10.2 , in no event shall either party be liable to the other party or any indemnified party hereunder for 
 any consequential damage , special damage , incidental or indirect damage , loss of revenue or 
 profit , diminution in value , damage base on multiple of revenue or earning or other performance 
 metric , loss of business reputation , punitive and exemplary damage or any similar damage arise 
 or result from or relate to this agreement , whether such action be base on warranty , 
 contract , tort ( include negligence or strict liability ) or otherwise . 
 -62- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 10.5 
 indemnification obligation net of insurance proceed and other amount . 
 ( a ) 
 the party intend that any loss subject to indemnification or reimbursement pursuant to this section 10 will be net of insurance 
 proceed or other amount actually recover ( net of any out - of - pocket cost or expense incur in the collection thereof ) from any 
 person by or on behalf of the indemnitee in respect of any indemnifiable liability . accordingly , the amount that any indemnifying 
 party be require to pay to any indemnitee will be reduce by any insurance proceed or other amount actually recover ( net of any 
 out - of - pocket cost or expense incur in the collection thereof ) from any person by or on behalf of such indemnitee in respect of 
 the related loss . if an indemnitee receive a payment ( an " indemnity payment " ) require by this agreement from an indemnifying 
 party in respect of any loss and subsequently receive insurance proceed or any other amount in respect of the related loss , then 
 the indemnitee will pay to the indemnify party an amount equal to the excess of the indemnity payment receive over the amount 
 of the indemnity payment that would have be due if the insurance proceed or such other amount ( net of any out - of - pocket cost 
 or expense incur in the collection thereof ) have be receive , realize or recover before the indemnity payment be make . 
 ( b ) 
 an insurer that would otherwise be obligate to pay any claim shall not be relieve of the responsibility with respect thereto or , solely 
 by virtue of any provision contain in this agreement , have any subrogation right with respect thereto , it be expressly 
 understand and agree that no insurer or any other third party shall be entitle to a " wind - fall " ( i.e. , a benefit that such insurer or 
 other third party would not be entitle to receive in the absence of the indemnification provision ) by virtue of the indemnification 
 provision hereof . each party shall , and shall cause the member of its group to , use commercially reasonable effort ( take into 
 account the probability of success on the merit and the cost of expend such effort , include attorney ’ fee and expense ) to 
 collect or recover any insurance proceed that may be collectible or recoverable respect the liability for which indemnification 
 may be available under this section 10 . notwithstanding the foregoing , an indemnify party may not delay make any 
 indemnification payment require under the term of this agreement , or otherwise satisfy any indemnification obligation , pende 
 the outcome of any action to collect or recover insurance proceed , and an indemnitee need not attempt to collect any insurance 
 proceed prior to make a claim for indemnification or receive any indemnity payment otherwise owe to it under this agreement 
 or any ancillary agreement . 
 -63- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 10.6 
 additional matter . 
 ( a ) 
 indemnification payment in respect of any liability for which an indemnitee be entitle to indemnification under this section 10 
 shall be pay reasonably promptly ( but in any event within sixty ( 60 ) day of the final determination of the amount that the indemnitee 
 be entitle to indemnification under this section 10 ) by the indemnify party to the indemnitee as such liability be incur upon 
 demand by the indemnitee , include reasonably satisfactory documentation set forth the basis for the amount of such 
 indemnification payment , documentation with respect to calculation make and consideration of any insurance proceed that actually 
 reduce the amount of such liability . 
 ( b ) 
 if ( i ) a party incur any liability arise out of this agreement or any ancillary agreement; ( ii ) an adequate legal or equitable remedy 
 be not available for any reason against the other party to satisfy the liability incur by the incur party; and ( iii ) a legal or 
 equitable remedy may be available to the other party against a third party for such liability , then the other party shall use its 
 commercially reasonable effort to cooperate with the incur party , at the incur party ’s expense , to permit the incur party to 
 obtain the benefit of such legal or equitable remedy against the third party . 
 ( c ) 
 if payment be make by or on behalf of any indemnifying party to any indemnitee in connection with any third - party claim , such 
 indemnify party shall be subrogate to and shall stand in the place of such indemnitee as to any event or circumstance in 
 respect of which such indemnitee may have any right , defense or claim relate to such third - party claim against any claimant or 
 plaintiff assert such third - party claim or against any other person . such indemnitee shall cooperate with such indemnify party 
 in a reasonable manner , and at the cost and expense of such indemnifying party , in prosecute any subrogated right , defense or 
 claim . 
 ( d ) 
 in the event of an action in which the indemnify party be not a name defendant , if either the indemnitee or indemnify party 
 shall so request , the party shall endeavor to substitute the indemnify party for the name defendant or otherwise add the 
 indemnify party as party thereto , if at all practicable . if such substitution or addition can not be achieve for any reason or be not 
 request , the name defendant shall allow the indemnify party to manage the action as set forth in this section 10 , and the 
 indemnify party shall fully indemnify the name defendant against all cost of defend the action ( include court cost , 
 sanction impose by a court , attorney ’ fee , expert fee and all other external expense ) , the cost of any judgment or settlement , 
 and the cost of any interest or penalty relate to any judgment or settlement with respect to such third - party claim . 
 -64- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 11 . 
 insurance . 
 11.1 
 requirement to maintain . during the term , manufacturer shall self - insure or shall provide and maintain such insurance coverage , in 
 minimum type and amount as describe below in this section 11 . 
 ( a ) 
 any and all deductible or retention for such insurance policy shall be assume by , for the account of , and at manufacturer ’s sole 
 risk . 
 ( b ) 
 to the extent of the liability assume by manufacturer under this agreement , such insurance policy of manufacturer shall be 
 primary and non - contribute with respect to any other similar insurance policy available to customer or its affiliate . 
 ( c ) 
 manufacturer shall furnish to customer certificate of insurance ( electronic be acceptable ) , evidence the require insurance 
 coverage , upon execution of this agreement and annually , thereafter . 
 11.2 
 amount and limit . the insurance require under this section 11 shall be write for not less than any limit of liability specify herein or 
 as require by applicable law , whichever be great . all insurance carrier shall have a minimum of " a- " a.m. good rating . manufacturer 
 shall have the right to provide the total limit require by any combination of self - insurance , primary and umbrella / excess coverage; say 
 insurance to include the follow : 
 ( a ) 
 insurance for liability under the worker ’ compensation or occupational disease law of any state of the united states ( or be a 
 qualified self - insurer in those state of the united states ) or otherwise applicable with respect to person perform the service and 
 employer ’s liability insurance cover all claim by or in respect to the employee of manufacturer , provide : 
 ( i ) 
 coverage for the statutory limit of all claim under the applicable state worker ’ compensation act or act . if a facility 
 addendum will result in exposure under the u.s . longshore and harbor worker ’ compensation act and its amendment 
 ( work dockside or on water ) , the jones act ( involve seaman , master and crew of vessel ) or the federal employer ’ 
 liability act ( railroad exposure ) , coverage shall be extend to include insurance coverage mandate thereby; 
 ( ii ) 
 employer ’s liability insurance with a limit of not less than 1,000,000; 
 ( iii ) 
 manufacturer warrant that all of its employee involve in this agreement be cover by statutory worker ' compensation; 
 and 
 -65- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( iv ) 
 where allow by applicable law , customer and its affiliate shall be provide a waiver of subrogation , except for loss 
 due to the sole negligence of manufacturer . 
 ( b ) 
 commercial general liability insurance with the follow limit and form / endorsement : 
 each occurrence : 2,000,000 
 ( i ) 
 occurrence form include premise and operation coverage , property damage , liability , personal injury coverage , product 
 and complete operation coverage , and transit . 
 ( ii ) 
 to the extent of manufacturer ’s indemnification obligation , customer and its affiliate shall be additional insured via iso 
 form cg20101185 or its equivalent . 
 ( c ) 
 automobile and truck liability insurance : 2,000,000 combine single limit for bodily injury and property damage arise out of all 
 own , non- own and hire vehicle , include coverage for all automotive and truck equipment use in the performance of this 
 agreement and include the loading and unloading of same . 
 ( d ) 
 umbrella ( excess ) liability coverage in an amount not less than 3,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate . 
 ( e ) 
 if manufacturer have care , custody or control of customer - supply material , manufacturer shall be responsible for any loss or 
 damage to it and provide all risk property coverage at full replacement cost for property and at the cost - per - unit as specify in the 
 facility addendum for inventory . 
 12 . 
 customer - supply materials; buy - sell materials; transition . 
 12.1 
 supply; rejection; transition . 
 ( a ) 
 customer shall at its own expense supply manufacturer with the customer - supply material identify in the applicable facility 
 addendum . customer shall supply manufacturer with the buy - sell material at a price that customer determine , subject to section 
 3.2(c ) , and communicate to manufacturer . at customer ’s option , the customer - supply material and buy - sell material may be 
 deliver directly from customer ’s third - party vendor to manufacturer at the vendor ’s or customer ’s expense . customer or its 
 vendor shall supply manufacturer with a copy of the certificate of analysis for the customer - supply material and buy - sell 
 material no later than delivery of the customer - supply material or buy - sell material to manufacturer . customer hereby 
 covenant to manufacturer that each customer - supply material and buy - sell material furnish by or on behalf of customer to 
 pp 
 y 
 y 
 manufacturer or its affiliate or designee under 
 -66- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 this agreement will , upon delivery by customer to manufacturer pursuant to this agreement , comply with , and have be use , 
 handle and store in accordance with , the specification for such customer - supply material or buy - sell material ( as applicable ) , 
 all applicable law , the quality agreement , this agreement and the applicable facility addendum and otherwise have no defect . 
 manufacturer ’s obligation to manufacture and supply product under this agreement be subject to and condition upon 
 customer ’s timely delivery of customer - supply material and buy - sell material in accordance with this section 12 . 
 ( b ) 
 manufacturer shall provide to customer a monthly rolling forecast of its requirement for customer - supply material and buy - sell 
 material base upon customer ’s forecast for product , and manufacturer shall issue to customer " pro forma " purchase order for 
 customer - supply material and actual purchase order for buy - sell material , in each case , accord to parameter include in the 
 applicable facility addendum , include safety stock and lead time requirement . manufacturer shall be responsible to receive , 
 sample , store and maintain the inventory of such order customer - supply material and buy - sell material at manufacturer ’s 
 facility . 
 ( c ) 
 within each calendar month during the term , manufacturer will provide a monthly inventory report of customer - supply material 
 substantially in the format attach as attachment c to this agreement . the party acknowledge and agree that the manufacturer ’s 
 timely provide the reference monthly inventory report be a critical component of the customer ’s customer - supply material 
 management program and far that any such failure on the part of manufacturer to timely provide such monthly inventory report 
 shall be address at the immediately follow schedule jac meeting . 
 ( d ) 
 manufacturer may reject any non - complying buy - sell material or non - complying customer - supply material by ( i ) provide 
 customer with no less than sixty ( 60 ) day ' prior write notice of manufacturer ’s intention to reject along with the documentation 
 set forth in reasonable detail the basis for rejection , ( ii ) meeting with customer at customer ’s request to discuss the basis for the 
 propose rejection , and ( iii ) provide customer with notice of rejection in the event that manufacturer reject the subject non- 
 comply buy - sell material or non - complying customer - supply material ( as applicable ) at the end of such sixty ( 60 ) day period 
 ( or such other time frame as the party may agree upon ) . 
 ( e ) 
 customer shall submit invoice to manufacturer upon delivery to manufacturer or its applicable affiliate of buy - sell material , and 
 manufacturer shall make payment with respect thereto , in accordance with the invoice and payment requirement set forth in section 
 3.5 , apply correlatively , and the party shall discuss in good faith further requirement with respect to the supply of buy - sell 
 material . 
 -67- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( f ) 
 customer shall use its commercially reasonable effort to convert all buy - sell material arrangement to customer - supply material 
 arrangement as promptly as practicable after the effective date; provide that customer shall provide update with respect to such 
 effort at each jac meeting until all such buy - sell material arrangement shall have be convert to customer - supply 
 material arrangement . 
 12.2 
 title and risk of loss . 
 ( a ) 
 title to the customer - supply material supply by customer to manufacturer shall remain with customer; provide , however , that 
 risk of loss shall pass to manufacturer at the time customer - supply material be deliver to the manufacturer ddp ( incoterm 
 2010 ) at the applicable facility . manufacturer shall not use customer - supply material for any purpose other than those relate to 
 the manufacture of a product pursuant to this agreement . 
 ( b ) 
 the risk of loss or damage to customer - supply material during the possession thereof by manufacturer shall be solely with 
 manufacturer . 
 ( c ) 
 manufacturer shall insure or self - insure the customer - supply material and product while such be in manufacturer ’s possession at 
 an agree - upon value . 
 ( d ) 
 the title and risk of loss for buy - sell material shall pass to manufacturer upon delivery to the manufacturer ddp ( incoterm 2010 ) at 
 the applicable facility . 
 12.3 
 reimbursement for loss of customer - supply material . manufacturer shall reimburse customer for excess customer - supply material 
 use as a result of manufacturer ’s failure to achieve the minimum average yield or usage ( as applicable ) set forth in the applicable facility 
 addendum . during the first quarter of each fiscal year during the term of this agreement , manufacturer will report to customer the actual 
 yield achieve for all customer - supply material use during the previous calendar year on a facility - by - facility basis . if the achieve 
 yield be low than the minimum average yield specify in the applicable facility addendum on an aggregated basis for all customer- 
 supply material for each applicable facility addendum , then manufacturer will reimburse to customer the actual cost of the excess 
 customer - supply material use as set forth in the applicable facility addendum . for the avoidance of doubt , ( a ) reject batch and all 
 customer - supply material that be , for any reason other than a determination that such customer - supply material be non - conforming , 
 not incorporate into product deliver hereunder , shall be include in the annual yield calculation and ( b ) customer - supply material for 
 which manufacturer be responsible for reimburse customer pursuant to section 4.11(b ) shall not be include in the annual yield 
 calculation . 
 -68- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 13 . 
 confidentiality . 
 the confidentiality obligation of the party and their respective group with respect to disclosure of information hereunder shall be 
 govern , mutatis mutandis , by section 6.08 , section 6.09 and section 6.10 of the separation agreement . 
 14 . 
 supply chain security . 
 14.1 
 supply chain representation . 
 manufacturer represent , warrant and covenant to customer that : 
 manufacturer have review its supply chain security procedure and that these procedure and their implementation be , and shall remain 
 during the term of this agreement , in accordance with the importer security criterion set forth by the " c - tpat . " manufacturer represent 
 and warrant that it have develop and implement , or shall develop and implement within sixty ( 60 ) calendar day of its execution of this 
 agreement , procedure for periodically review and , if necessary , improve its supply chain security procedure to assure compliance 
 with c - tpat minimum security criterion . 
 14.2 
 c - tpat . 
 manufacturer acknowledge that customer be a certified member of c - tpat . as a c - tpat member , customer be require to make periodic 
 assessment of its international supply chain base upon c - tpat security criterion . manufacturer agree to conduct and document an annual 
 security audit at each of its facility and to take all necessary corrective action to ensure the continued participation of customer in c- 
 tpat . manufacturer agree to share with customer the result of such annual audits and agree to prepare and submit to customer a report 
 on the corrective action take in response thereto . in addition , customer may audit manufacturer ’s record and facility for the purpose 
 of verify that manufacturer ’s procedure be in accordance with the c - tpat security criterion , and manufacturer shall provide customer 
 with access to manufacturer ’s record and facility reasonably necessary for the purpose of conduct such audit . manufacturer agree 
 to notify customer of any event that have result in or threaten the loss of its c - tpat benefit ( if it be a member of the c - tpat program ) or 
 alternatively jeopardize customer ’s retention of its own c - tpat benefit . in an effort to secure each part of the supply chain , 
 manufacturer agree to work in good faith to become a member of the c - tpat program , if manufacturer be organize or incorporate in the 
 united states , mexico or canada , or the equivalent supply chain security program criterion administer by the customs administration in 
 manufacturer ’s home country if manufacturer be not organize or incorporate in the united states , mexico or canada . 
 -69- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 15 . 
 record and audit . 
 15.1 
 record . 
 manufacturer will maintain complete and accurate record . any record that be financial in nature such as , but not limit to , time sheet , 
 billing record , invoice , payment application , payment of consultant and subcontractor and receipt relate to reimbursable 
 expense shall be maintain in accordance with applicable law in the jurisdiction in which the applicable facility be locate . manufacturer 
 shall maintain such record for a period equal to the later of ( x ) three ( 3 ) year after the expiration or termination of this agreement or the 
 applicable facility addendum , ( y ) the expiration of the statute of limitation for the tax period applicable to such record , or ( z ) for such 
 period as otherwise may be require by applicable law ( the " record retention period " ) . 
 15.2 
 audit . 
 customer or its representative , include its external auditor , may audit such record of manufacturer , include all record relate to 
 manufacturer ’s compliance with applicable law , at any time during the term of this agreement or applicable facility addendum or the 
 record retention period , during normal business hour and upon reasonable advance write notice to manufacturer ( but in no event more 
 than one ( 1 ) time per year except " for cause " ) . manufacturer shall make such record readily available for such audit . any record or 
 information access or otherwise obtain by customer or its representative in connection with any audit ( include any audit pursuant 
 to section 3.4 ) shall be deem manufacturer ’s confidential and proprietary information and each representative of customer will be 
 subject to non - use and other confidentiality obligation substantially comparable to those set forth herein for customer . except as 
 otherwise provide in section 3.4 , if any financial audit reveal that manufacturer have overcharge customer , manufacturer shall reimburse 
 customer for such overcharge within thirty ( 30 ) day of manufacturer ’s receipt of the relevant audit result , and in the event that any such 
 overcharge equal an amount equal to or great than five percent ( 5 ) of the total amount invoice during the period under such audit , 
 then manufacturer shall promptly reimburse customer for all reasonable third party cost and expense actually incur in the conduct of 
 such audit . if any financial audit reveal that customer have underpaid manufacturer , customer shall reimburse manufacturer for such 
 underpayment within thirty ( 30 ) day of customer ’s receipt of the relevant audit result . for clarity , if there be a conflict between section 
 3.4(a ) and this section 15.2 with respect to the review of a price increase , section 3.4(a ) shall govern and control . 
 -70- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 16 . 
 notice . 
 all notice or other communication hereunder shall be deem to have be duly give and make if in writing and ( a ) when serve by personal 
 delivery upon the party for whom it be intended; ( b ) one ( 1 ) business day follow the day send by overnight courier , return receipt requested; ( c ) 
 when send by facsimile; provide that the facsimile be promptly confirmed; or ( d ) when send by e - mail; provide that a copy of the same notice or 
 other communication send by e - mail be also send by overnight courier , return receipt request , personal delivery , or facsimile as provide herein , on 
 the same day as such e - mail be send , in each case to the person at the address , facsimile number or e - mail address set forth below , or such other 
 address , facsimile number or e - mail address as may be designate in write hereafter , in the same manner , by such person : 
 if to customer : 
 [ insert name ] 
 [ insert address ] 
 attention : [ insert name / title ] 
 email address : [ insert e - mail address ] 
 with copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 [ insert name ] 
 [ insert address ] 
 attention : [ insert name / title ] 
 email address : [ insert e - mail address ] 
 if to manufacturer : 
 [ insert name ] 
 [ insert address ] 
 attention : [ insert name / title ] 
 email address : [ insert e - mail address ] 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 [ insert name ] 
 [ insert address ] 
 attention : [ insert name / title ] 
 email address : [ insert e - mail address ] 
 either party may , by notice to the other party , change the address and name applicable to such party give above . 
 17 . 
 miscellaneous . 
 17.1 
 negotiation of dispute . 
 the dispute resolution procedure set forth in article vii of the separation agreement shall apply mutatis mutandi with respect to any 
 controversy , claim , counterclaim , dispute , difference or misunderstanding arise out of or relate to the interpretation or application of any 
 term or provision of this agreement , a purchase order or facility addendum . far , the requirement to attempt to resolve a dispute in 
 accordance with this section 17.1 do not affect a party ’s right to terminate this agreement or a purchase order as provide in section 7 
 hereof , and neither party shall be require to follow these procedure prior to terminate this agreement . 
 -71- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 17.2 
 publicity . 
 manufacturer shall not use the name , trade name , service mark , trademark , trade dress or logo of customer ( or any of its affiliate ) in 
 publicity release , advertising or any other publication , nor identify customer as a customer , without customer ’s prior write consent in 
 each instance . customer shall not use the name , trade name , service mark , trademark , trade dress or logo of manufacturer ( or any of its 
 affiliate ) in publicity release , advertising or any other publication , without manufacturer ’s prior write consent in each instance . 
 nothing in this section 17.2 shall or be intend to limit any party ’s right under the separation agreement or any ancillary agreement . 
 17.3 
 govern law and venue . 
 ( a ) 
 this agreement and all action ( whether in contract or tort ) that may be base upon , arise out of or relate to this agreement or the 
 negotiation , execution or performance hereof or thereof shall be govern by and construe in accordance with the law of the state 
 of delaware , without regard to any law or principle thereof that would result in the application of the law of any other 
 jurisdiction . the party expressly waive any right they may have , now or in the future , to demand or seek the application of a 
 governing law other than the law of the state of delaware . 
 ( b ) 
 each of the party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of chancery of the state 
 of delaware or , if such court shall not have jurisdiction , the united states district court for the district of delaware , and any appellate 
 court from any appeal thereof , in any action arise out of or relate to this agreement or the transaction contemplate hereby , and 
 each of the party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally ( i ) agree not to commence any such action except in such court , ( ii ) 
 agree that any claim in respect of any such action may be hear and determine in the court of chancery of the state of delaware 
 or , to the extent permit by law , in such other court , ( iii ) waif , to the full extent it may legally and effectively do so , any 
 objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action in the court of chancery of the state of 
 delaware or such other court , ( iv ) waif , to the full extent permit by law , the defense of an inconvenient forum to the 
 maintenance of such action in the court of chancery of the state of delaware or such other court and ( v ) consent to service of 
 process in the manner provide for notice in section 16 . nothing in this agreement will affect the right of any party to serve process 
 in any other manner permit by law . 
 -72- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) 
 each party acknowledge and agree that any controversy which may arise under this agreement be 
 likely to involve complicated and difficult issue , and therefore it hereby irrevocably and 
 unconditionally waive any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any action directly or 
 indirectly arise out of or relate to this agreement , any of the other ancillary agreement or the 
 transaction contemplate hereby or thereby ( include the financing ) . each party certifie and 
 acknowledge that ( i ) no representative , agent or attorney of any other party have represent , 
 expressly or otherwise , that such other party would not , in the event of litigation , seek to enforce 
 such waiver , ( ii ) it understand and have consider the implication of such waiver , ( iii ) it make 
 such waiver voluntarily and ( iv ) it have be induce to enter into this agreement by , among other 
 thing , the mutual waiver and certification in this section 17.3(c ) . 
 17.4 
 relationship of the party . 
 the relationship hereby establish between customer and manufacturer be solely that of independent contractor . manufacturer have no 
 authority to act or make any agreement or representation on behalf of customer or its affiliate . this agreement be not intend to 
 create , and shall not be construe as create , between manufacturer and customer , the relationship of fiduciary , principal and agent , 
 employer and employee , joint venturer , co - partner , or any other such relationship , the existence of which be expressly deny . no 
 employee or agent engage by manufacturer shall be , or shall be deem to be , an employee or agent of customer and shall not be entitle 
 to any benefit that customer provide to its own employee . 
 17.5 
 assignment; bind effect . 
 ( a ) 
 except as otherwise provide in this section 17.5 , neither party shall assign this agreement or any right , benefit or obligation 
 under or relate to this agreement , in each case whether by operation of law or otherwise , without the other party ’s prior write 
 consent ( not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay ) . 
 ( b ) 
 either party may assign its right and obligation under this agreement to one or more of its affiliate without the other party ’s 
 consent; provide that such affiliate remain at all time during the term an affiliate of such party; provide , far , that no such 
 assignment shall release such party from its obligation under this agreement . 
 -73- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) 
 customer may , without manufacturer ’s consent , assign the right and obligation of this agreement ( i ) on a product - by - product 
 basis , to a third party in connection with a bona fide transfer , sale or divestiture of all or substantially all of its business to which 
 such product relate or in the event of such business ’s spin - off , merger or consolidation with another company or business entity or 
 ( ii ) to any third party which acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the asset of the business of customer to which this 
 agreement and the facility addenda relate ( include in connection with such business ’s spin - off , merger or consolidation with 
 another company or business entity ) . 
 ( d ) 
 subject to section 7.4 , manufacturer may , without customer ’s consent , assign the right and obligation of this agreement ( i ) on a 
 facility - by - facility basis , to a third party in connection with a bona fide transfer , sale or divestiture of such facility or ( ii ) to any 
 third party which acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the asset of the business of manufacturer to which this 
 agreement and the facility addendum relate ( include in connection with such business ’s spin - off , merger or consolidation with 
 another company or business entity ) . 
 ( e ) 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , neither party may assign this agreement in whole or in part to a 
 restricted party . 
 ( f ) 
 in the event of a permit assignment , this agreement shall be bind upon and inure to the benefit of the party and their 
 respective permit successor and permit assign . any attempt assignment that contravene the term of this agreement 
 shall be void ab initio and of no force or effect . notwithstanding anything contain in this agreement , each party hereby 
 acknowledge and agree that the other party may perform any of its obligation , and exercise any of its right , under this agreement , 
 any facility addendum and quality agreement through any of its affiliate . 
 17.6 
 force majeure . 
 subject to manufacturer ’s obligation under section 2.5(a ) , no party shall be liable for any failure to perform or any delay in performance , 
 and no party shall be deem to be in breach or default of its obligation set forth in this agreement , if , to the extent and for so long as , 
 such failure or delay be due to any cause that be beyond its reasonable control and not to its act or omission , include , without 
 limitation , such cause as act of god , natural disaster , hurricane , flood , severe storm , earthquake , civil disturbance , lockout , riot , order of 
 any court or administrative body , embargo , act of government , war ( whether or not declare ) , act of terrorism , or other similar cause 
 ( " force majeure event " ) . for clarity , raw material price increase , unavailability of raw material , and labor dispute shall not be deem a 
 force majeure event . in the event of a force majeure event , the party prevent from or delay in perform shall promptly give notice 
 to the 
 -74- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 other party and shall use commercially reasonable effort to avoid or minimize the delay . in the event that the delay continue for a period 
 of at least sixty ( 60 ) calendar day , the party affect by the other party ’s delay may elect to ( a ) suspend performance and extend the time 
 for performance for the duration of the force majeure event or ( b ) cancel all or any part of the unperformed part of this agreement or any 
 purchase order . 
 17.7 
 severability . 
 if any provision of this agreement or the application of any provision thereof to any person or circumstance , be hold invalid or 
 unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction , the other provision of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect . the 
 party far agree that if any provision contain herein be , to any extent , hold invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law 
 govern this agreement , they shall take any action necessary to render the remain provision of this agreement valid and 
 enforceable to the full extent permit by law and , to the extent necessary , shall amend or otherwise modify this agreement to replace 
 any provision contain herein that be hold invalid or unenforceable with a valid and enforceable provision give effect to the intent of the 
 party . 
 17.8 
 non - waiver; remedy . 
 waiver by any party of any default by the other party of any provision of this agreement shall not be deem a waiver by the waive 
 party of any subsequent or other default , nor shall it prejudice the right of the other party . no failure or delay by a party in exercise any 
 right , power or privilege under this agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof , nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof prejudice any 
 other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right , power or privilege . 
 all remedy specify in this agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to any other remedy provide at law or in equity . 
 17.9 
 further document . 
 each party hereto agree to execute such further document and take such further step as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to 
 effectuate the purpose of this agreement . 
 17.10 form . 
 the party recognize that , during the term of this agreement , a purchase order acknowledgment form or similar routine document 
 ( collectively , " form " ) may be use to implement or administer provision of this agreement . the party agree that the term of this 
 agreement shall govern and control in the event of any conflict between term of this agreement and the term of such form , and any 
 additional or different term contain in such form shall not apply to this agreement . 
 -75- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 17.11 headings; interpretation . 
 ( a ) the caption in this agreement be for convenience only and shall not be consider a part of or affect the construction or 
 interpretation of any provision of this agreement . 
 ( b ) the definition in section 1 shall apply equally to both the singular and plural form of the term define . 
 ( c ) unless the context of this agreement otherwise require : 
 ( i ) ( a ) word of any gender include each other gender and neuter form; ( b ) word use the singular or plural number also include the 
 plural or singular number , respectively; ( c ) derivative form of define term will have correlative meanings; ( d ) the term " hereof , " 
 " herein , " " hereby , " " hereto , " " herewith , " " hereunder " and derivative or similar word refer to this entire agreement; ( e ) the term " section " 
 and " attachment " refer to the specify section or attachment of this agreement and reference to " paragraph " or " clause " shall be to 
 separate paragraph or clause of the section or subsection in which the reference occurs; ( f ) the word " include , " " include " and 
 " include " shall be deem to be follow by the phrase " without limitation”; ( g ) the word " or " shall be disjunctive but not exclusive; and 
 ( h ) the word " from " ( when use in reference to a period of time ) mean " from and include " and the word " through " ( when use in 
 reference to a period of time ) mean " through and including”; 
 ( ii ) reference to any federal , state , local , or foreign statute or law shall ( a ) include all rule and regulation promulgate thereunder 
 and ( b ) be to that statute or law as amend , modify or supplement from time to time; and 
 ( iii ) reference to any person include reference to such person ’s successor and permit assign , and in the case of any 
 governmental authority , to any person succeed to its function and capacity . 
 ( d ) whenever this agreement refer to a number of day , such number shall refer to calendar day unless business day be specify . if 
 any action be to be take or give on or by a particular calendar day , and such calendar day be not a business day , then such action may be 
 defer until the next business day . 
 ( e ) the phrase " to the extent " shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extend , and such phrase shall not mean simply " if . " 
 ( f ) the term " writing , " " write " and comparable term refer to printing , typing and other mean of reproduce word ( include electronic 
 medium ) in a visible form . 
 ( g ) all monetary figure shall be in united states dollar unless otherwise specify . 
 ( h ) all reference to " this agreement " or any " facility addendum " shall include any amendment , modification or supplement thereto . 
 -76- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 17.12 rule of construction . 
 the language use in this agreement shall be deem to be the language choose by the party to express their mutual intent . the party 
 acknowledge that each party and its attorney have review and participate in the drafting of this agreement and that any rule of 
 construction to the effect that any ambiguity be to be resolve against the draft party , or any similar rule operate against the drafter 
 of an agreement , shall not be applicable to the construction or interpretation of this agreement . 
 17.13 counterpart . 
 this agreement may be execute in two ( 2 ) or more counterpart ( include by electronic or .pdf transmission ) , each of which shall be 
 deem an original , but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument . delivery of any signature page by facsimile , 
 electronic or .pdf transmission shall be bind to the same extent as an original signature page . 
 17.14 amendment . 
 no provision of this agreement shall be deem waive , amend , supplement or modify by any party , unless such waiver , 
 amendment , supplement or modification be in writing and sign by the authorize representative of the party against whom it be seek to 
 enforce such waiver , amendment , supplement or modification . 
 17.15 entire agreement . 
 this agreement , the separation agreement , the other ancillary agreement , include any related annex , exhibit , schedule and 
 attachment , as well as any other agreement and document refer to herein and therein , shall together constitute the entire agreement 
 between the party relate to the transaction contemplate hereby and supersede any other agreement , whether write or oral , that may 
 have be make or enter into by or among any of the party or any of their respective affiliate relate to the transaction contemplate 
 hereby . 
 [ signature page follow ] 
 -77- 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020 
 in witness whereof , the party hereto have cause this agreement to be duly execute and deliver as of the date first write above . 
 upjohn inc . 
 pfizer inc . 
 by : 
 by : 
 name : 
 name : 
 title : 
 title : 
 [ signature page to manufacturing and supply agreement ] 
 source : upjohn inc , 10 - 12 g , 1/21/2020