exhibit 10.28 
 product sale and marketing agreement 
 this product sale and marketing agreement ( this " agreement " ) be make this 12th day of november , 2018 ( the " effective 
 date " ) , by and between calm.com , inc . , a delaware corporation , have office at 140 2nd street , 3rd floor , san francisco , california 94105 ( " calm " ) 
 and xpresspa group , inc . , a delaware corporation , have office at 780 third avenue , 12th floor , new york , new york 10017 ( " xspa " ) . each of 
 calm and xspa may be refer to herein individually as a " party " and collectively as the " party " . 
 recital 
 whereas , calm be the manufacturer and distributor of calm brand product and service , include those set forth on exhibit a ( the 
 " products”); 
 whereas , xspa be the owner , operator and/or franchisor of xpresspa brand store ( each a " store " ) throughout the united states of 
 america ( the " territory”); 
 whereas , calm desire to increase its brand exposure in the territory by collaborate with xspa for the display , marketing , promotion , 
 offer for sale and sale of product at each store in the territory; and 
 whereas , xspa desire to collaborate with calm in connection with the display , marketing , promotion , offer for sale and sale of 
 product at each store in the territory in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement . 
 now therefore , in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration , the receipt and sufficiency of which be 
 hereby acknowledge , the party agree as follow : 
 1 . term . unless this agreement be terminate early in accordance with the term of section ​12 , the term of this agreement shall commence 
 on the effective date and shall continue until july 31 , 2019 ( the " initial term " ) . follow the initial term , this agreement shall automatically renew 
 for successive term of six ( 6 ) month ( each a " renewal term " , and together with the initial term , the " term " ) unless write notice be give by 
 either party no later than thirty ( 30 ) day in advance of the expiration of the initial term or the applicable renewal term . 
 2 . sale of product . 
 2.01 . xspa shall use its commercially reasonable effort to display , market , promote , offer for sale and sell the product set forth on exhibit 
 a in all store throughout the territory . the product shall only be sell by xspa at the retail price of the applicable product as set forth on exhibit 
 a ( the " retail price " ) . for the avoidance of doubt , the retail price for the product at the store in the territory ( i ) may only be modify by mutual 
 agreement of the party , and ( ii ) do not include any discount , promotion or applicable sale taxis . 
 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 2.02 . in addition to the product , calm shall have the right to identify up to five ( 5 ) additional product , with such product and the price 
 thereof to be mutually agree by the party , to be display , market , promote , offer for sale and sell in the store in the territory . such 
 product , once agree on by both party and price in accordance with the previous sentence , shall be deem product set forth on exhibit a for 
 the purpose of this agreement . 
 3 . exclusivity and right of first refusal 
 3.01 . throughout the term and for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the expiration or termination of this agreement , neither xspa nor any of 
 its affiliate shall , directly or indirectly , sell , offer for sale , market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep product ( other than the 
 product ) , include online or in any store in the territory , without the express prior write consent of calm . 
 3.02 . throughout the term and for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the expiration or termination of this agreement , neither calm nor any of 
 its affiliate shall , directly or indirectly , sell , offer for sale , market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep product in any retail location 
 locate in an airport other than in collaboration with xspa , without the express prior write consent of xspa . 
 3.03 . throughout the term and for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the expiration or termination of this agreement , calm shall have a right 
 of first refusal to expand the right and obligation describe in this agreement to any store outside the territory ( the " rofr " ) . xspa shall give 
 prompt write notice to calm each time it offer , propose to offer , or have receive an offer to enter into any agreement or arrangement under which 
 xspa or any of its affiliate would sell , offer for sale , market , promote or undertake any similar action with respect to any meditation or sleep digital 
 product or similar product at any store outside the territory ( each , a " rofr notice " ) . calm shall have thirty ( 30 ) business day ( the " rofr 
 period " ) from receipt of a rofr notice to exercise its rofr with respect to the region and/or store describe in the rofr notice . if calm 
 exercise its rofr within the rofr period , the party shall enter into an amendment or addendum to this agreement to include such additional 
 region and/or store . if calm do not exercise its rofr within the rofr period , xspa may enter into such agreement or arrangement with respect 
 to the applicable region and/or store set forth in the rofr notice with any third party; provide that , such agreement or arrangement be on the 
 same term offer to calm ( it be understand that in the event xspa modify such term , xspa shall provide a new rofr notice to calm in 
 accordance with this section ​3.02 ) . 
 4 . marketing , signage and display . 
 4.01 . with respect to each store in the territory , xspa shall use commercially reasonable effort to : 
 ( a ) promptly after the effective date , ( i ) prepare notice and consent and take all other action reasonably necessary to obtain 
 and maintain approval as necessary for bulkhead signage from airport regulatory authority or other entity whose approval be require 
 for such store and install such bulkhead signage as soon as practicable thereafter , and ( ii ) once instal , maintain such bulkhead signage 
 throughout the term; 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 ( b ) allocate at least the retail space for the display of the product in store as set forth on exhibit b; 
 ( c ) cause any and all xspa employee work in such store to wear uniform co - brand with calm ’s and xspa ’s mark ( as 
 define herein ) , include shirt and lanyard ( such uniform , which will be jointly design by and mutually acceptable to the party , the 
 " uniform " ) during normal work hours; 
 ( d ) display calm brand marketing material in such store ( which marketing material shall be highly visible beyond the lease 
 line as determine in calm ’s sole discretion ) , include the item set forth on exhibit c; 
 ( e ) distribute free of charge as free gift with purchase certain calm brand gift product ( the " gift " ) , as mutually select by 
 calm and xspa; 
 ( f ) distribute free trial or discount insert for calm digital product subscription ( the " insert " ) to customer of such store ( it 
 be understand that such insert shall contain a unique promotional code enable calm to attribute purchase to such store); and 
 ( g ) use and distribute to any purchaser of any product sell at the store shop bag(s ) co - brand with calm ’s and xspa ’s 
 mark ( the " shopping bag " ) . calm will collaborate with xspa on the design of shopping bag and such design shall be mutually agree 
 by the party . 
 4.02 . calm and xspa shall jointly market their activity under this agreement to their respective user basis , include by : ( a ) send at 
 least two ( 2 ) email to each of their respective email marketing list during the initial term that concern one or more of the product , ( b ) make at 
 least four ( 4 ) post across each of their respective social medium channel during the initial term that concern one or more of the product and ( c ) 
 market their activity concern one or more of the product under this agreement on each of their respective website throughout the term . 
 all such email , co - brand communication and marketing material be subject to the prior write approval of the party . 
 5 . store operation . 
 5.01 . with respect to any and all store own or operate by xspa , as between calm and xspa , xspa shall be the sole owner and 
 operator of any and all such store throughout the territory and xspa shall have sole management and operational control and liability with 
 respect to such store and any and all cost and expense associate with the operation and maintenance thereof . xspa shall operate and maintain 
 the store with high standard of quality and service and shall at all time comply with any and all applicable law in connection therewith . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 5.02 . with respect to any and all store own or operate by any of xspa ’s airport concession disadvantaged business enterprise 
 partner ( " acdbe partner(s ) " ) in conjunction with xspa , xspa shall cause each of its acdbe partner to fulfill all of the obligation set forth 
 herein with respect to the display , marketing , promotion , offer for sale and sale of product at each store in the territory own or operate by 
 xspa and such acdbe partner(s ) . as between calm and xspa , xspa shall remain liable for the act and omission of each acdbe partner . as 
 between calm on the one hand and xspa and its acdbe partner(s ) on the other hand , xspa and its acdbe partner(s ) shall be the sole owner 
 and operator of any and all such store throughout the territory and xspa and its acdbe partner(s ) shall have sole management and operational 
 control and liability with respect to such store and any and all cost and expense associate with the operation and maintenance thereof . xspa 
 and its acdbe partner(s ) shall operate and maintain the store with high standard of quality and service and shall at all time comply with any 
 and all applicable law in connection therewith . 
 5.03 . with respect to any and all store own or operate by a third party who be not an acdbe partner ( any such third party a 
 " franchisee " ) , where xspa be a franchisor , xspa shall cause each franchisee to fulfill all of the obligation set forth herein with respect to the 
 display , marketing , promotion , offer for sale and sale of product at each store in the territory own or operate by such franchisee . except as 
 otherwise set forth in this agreement , include section 10.03 , as between calm and xspa , xspa shall remain liable for the act and omission of 
 each franchisee . 
 5.04 . calm shall have the right , but not the obligation , to hire personnel of its choosing to be present in any store(s ) to assist in the 
 display , marketing , promotion , offer for sale and sale of product , provide , however , that no more than one such person shall be present at any 
 one time in any store without the prior write consent of xspa . xspa shall permit such personnel access to each store and the ability to assist in 
 the marketing , promotion and sale of the product . for the avoidance of doubt , as between the party , calm shall remain responsible for any and all 
 employee compensation or other benefit with respect to any such personnel . 
 5.05 . calm or its authorized designee shall be the sole supplier to xspa of xspa ’s requirement for product , gift , shopping bag , 
 uniform and insert ( collectively , " product collateral " ) for each store throughout the territory . calm shall use reasonable effort to fulfill all of 
 xspa ’s requirement for product collateral in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement . in the event that inventory of any 
 product collateral in any store fall below fifty percent ( 50 ) of the initial amount of such product collateral provide to such store , xspa shall 
 use good effort to advise calm in sufficient detail to enable calm to ship additional inventory of such product collateral to such store . the party 
 acknowledge and agree that , as between the party , calm shall retain legal title to any and all product collateral ( other than uniform ) until sell in a 
 store in the territory or otherwise disburse in a store in the territory ( in the case of gift , insert and shopping bag ) in accordance with the 
 term and condition of this agreement . in the event calm identify any issue with any product collateral make it unsuitable for use as 
 contemplate by this agreement or issue a recall with respect to any product , xspa shall promptly return any and all affected product collateral 
 to calm or its authorized designee upon receive notice of such issue or recall . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 6 . training . xspa shall provide training to any and all employee in each store throughout the territory regard the display , marketing , 
 promotion , offer for sale and sale of product base on training material ( include pdf document and/or instruction video ) provide by calm . 
 at xspa ’s request , calm shall provide training to xspa area manager and select store manager at time and location mutually agree upon by 
 the party regard the display , marketing , promotion , offer for sale and sale of product . 
 7 . collaborative effort . 
 7.01 . xspa and calm shall jointly consult and work together in good faith throughout the term to develop and execute a plan for the 
 marketing , promotion and sale of product in all store throughout the territory , include with respect to product layout and display , in - store 
 marketing and promotional activity , the design of any co - branded product collateral or other marketing material , and bulkhead signage at the 
 store , in each case , take into account any plan restriction on the store that may be impose by an airport regulatory authority or other entity 
 and all applicable law . 
 7.02 . any product collateral item or other marketing material co - brand with calm ’s and xspa ’s mark shall be subject to each party ’s 
 prior review and approval , which shall not be unreasonably withhold . 
 8 . payment . 
 8.01 . xspa shall pay to calm on a monthly basis an amount equal to ( i ) fifty percent ( 50 ) of the retail price for all product sell in the 
 store in the territory during the applicable month minus ( ii ) fifty percent ( 50 ) of any commission actually pay or payable to xspa employee(s ) 
 or contractor(s ) attributable to sale of such product during such month; provide that in no event shall such commission be great than fifteen 
 percent ( 15 ) of the retail price for the applicable product . 
 8.02 . calm shall pay to xspa on a monthly basis a retail commission of 20.00 for each sale of calm digital product subscription 
 ( exclude , for the avoidance of doubt , any free trial subscription ) that result from xspa ’s distribution of insert and a customer ’s use of the 
 unique promotional discount code set forth therein in accordance with the term and condition set forth herein ( it be understand that xspa 
 shall ensure fifty percent ( 50 ) of each such commission shall be distribute to the applicable store ’s retail employee or contractor via a pool or 
 other format as mutually agree to by the party ) . 
 calm shall prepare and maintain complete and accurate book and record cover all transaction relate to this agreement . xspa ’s 
 representative may , from time to time during regular business hour on reasonable advance notice , during the term of this agreement and for a 
 period of six ( 6 ) month thereafter , inspect and audit such book and record and examine and copy all other document and material in the 
 possession or under the control of calm with respect to the subject matter and the term of this agreement . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 after completion of any inspection or audit pursuant to this section 8.02 , xspa shall notify calm of the result of such inspection and 
 audit ( the " calm audit result " ) . upon receipt of such information , calm shall have thirty ( 30 ) day ( the " calm review period " ) to review the 
 calm audit result . 
 on or prior to the last day of the calm review period , calm may object to the calm audit result by deliver to xspa a write 
 statement set forth its objection in reasonable detail , indicate each dispute item or amount and the basis for its disagreement therewith ( the 
 " calm statement of objection " ) . if calm fail to deliver the calm statement of objection before the expiration of the calm review period , the 
 calm audit result shall be deem to have be accept by calm . if calm deliver the calm statement of objection before the expiration of the 
 calm review period , calm and xspa shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such objection within thirty ( 30 ) day after the delivery of the calm 
 statement of objection ( the " calm resolution period " ) , and , if the same be so resolve within the calm resolution period , the calm audit 
 result with such change as may have be previously agree in writing by calm and xspa , shall be final and binding . 
 if calm and xspa fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matter set forth in the calm statement of objection before 
 expiration of the calm resolution period , then any amount remain in dispute ( " calm disputed amount " and any amount not so disputed , the 
 " calm undisputed amount " ) shall be submit for resolution to the office of an impartial nationally recognize firm of independent certify 
 public accountant mutually agreeable to calm and xspa ( each act reasonably and in good faith ) ( the " independent accountant " ) who , act 
 as expert and not arbitrator , shall resolve the calm dispute amount only and make any adjustment to the calm audit result . the party 
 hereto agree that all adjustment shall be make without regard to materiality . the independent accountant shall only decide the specific item 
 under dispute by the party and their decision for each calm dispute amount must be within the range of value assign to each such item in 
 the calm audit result and the calm statement of objection , respectively . 
 the independent accountant shall make a determination as soon as practicable within thirty ( 30 ) day ( or such other time as the party 
 hereto shall agree in writing ) after their engagement , and their resolution of the calm dispute amount and their adjustment to the calm audit 
 result shall be conclusive and bind upon the party hereto . 
 if it be conclusively determined that any of calm ’s payment due hereunder be less than the amount that should have be pay or any of 
 xspa ’s payment or reimbursement be more than the amount that should have be pay , all payment require to be make to eliminate the 
 discrepancy , plus interest , shall be make promptly upon xspa ’s demand , and , if the discrepancy in amount due to xspa be great than ten 
 percent ( 10 ) or more of the amount due during the period in question , calm promptly shall reimburse xspa for the reasonable cost and expense 
 relate to such inspection and audit not to exceed 5,000.00 . in all other case , xspa shall be responsible for any and all cost and expense relate 
 to such inspection and audit pursuant to this section 8.02 . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 if it be conclusively determined that any of calm ’s payment due hereunder be more than the amount that should have be pay or any 
 of xspa ’s payment or reimbursement be less than the amount that should have be pay , all payment require to be make to eliminate the 
 discrepancy , plus interest , shall be make promptly upon calm ’s demand . 
 8.03 . subject to the term and condition set forth herein , and consider that calm or its authorized designee shall be the sole supplier 
 of product collateral under section 5.04 of this agreement , calm shall pay ( or reimburse xspa upon receipt of payment to a third party ) for all cost 
 associate with ( a ) the design , manufacture , shipping , distribution and installation , as applicable , of product collateral and other marketing 
 material and bulkhead signage as set forth in section ​4.01 , ( b ) the creation of training material and the cost associate with training ( exclude 
 cost of labor for any xspa employee ) pursuant to section ​6 , ( c ) obtain and maintain approval of , and the creation , installation , maintenance 
 and removal of any bulkhead signage advertising pursuant to section 4.01(a ) , and ( d ) the design , manufacture , shipping and installation of in - store 
 marketing change to any store . 
 notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary , calm shall not be obligate to reimburse xspa for any such cost describe in the 
 previous sentence of this section 8.03 incur by xspa above 500.00 unless calm have provide prior write approval of such cost ( include via 
 email ) . 
 8.04 . all payment require of xspa hereunder shall be make to calm in united states dollar via wire transfer , or in such other manner 
 as calm shall designate , as follow : 
 account name 
 calm.com , inc . 
 account address 
 140 2nd st . fl3 san francisco , can 94105 
 account 

 bank name 
 sil vly bk sj 
 bank address 
 3003 tasman drive , 
 santa clara , can 95054 
 feed aba 

 8.05 . all payment require of calm hereunder shall be make to xspa in united states dollar via wire transfer , ach payment , or in such 
 other manner as xspa shall designate , as follow : 
 account name 
 xpresspa group , inc . 
 account 

 bank name 
 bank of america 
 bank address 
 one bryant park 
 new york , ny 10036 
 feed aba 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 8.06 . with respect to product sell in store in the territory , xspa shall deliver to calm within twenty ( 20 ) day after each calendar month , 
 a statement ( " monthly statement " ) identify ( i ) the total sale of each product during say calendar month and ( ii ) the total commission pay to 
 xspa employee or contractor under section ​8.02 , which shall include a breakdown by each individual product and store . each monthly 
 statement shall be fully complete and sign and certify as accurate by one of xspa ’s senior officer . 
 8.07 . xspa shall prepare and maintain complete and accurate book and record cover all transaction relate to this agreement . 
 calm ’s representative may , from time to time during regular business hour on reasonable advance notice , during the term of this agreement and 
 for a period of six ( 6 ) month thereafter , inspect and audit such book and record and examine and copy all other document and material in the 
 possession or under the control of xspa with respect to the subject matter and the term of this agreement . 
 after completion of any inspection or audit pursuant to this section 8.07 , calm shall notify xspa of the result of such inspection and 
 audit ( the " xspa audit result " ) . upon receipt of such information , xspa shall have thirty ( 30 ) day ( the " xspa review period " ) to review the 
 xspa audit result . 
 on or prior to the last day of the xspa review period , xspa may object to the xspa audit result by deliver to calm a write 
 statement set forth its objection in reasonable detail , indicate each dispute item or amount and the basis for its disagreement therewith ( the 
 " xspa statement of objection " ) . if xspa fail to deliver the xspa statement of objection before the expiration of the xspa review period , the 
 xspa audit result shall be deem to have be accept by xspa . if xspa deliver the xspa statement of objection before the expiration of 
 the xspa review period , xspa and calm shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such objection within thirty ( 30 ) day after the delivery of the 
 xspa statement of objection ( the " xspa resolution period " ) , and , if the same be so resolve within the xspa resolution period , the xspa 
 audit result with such change as may have be previously agree in writing by xspa and calm , shall be final and binding . 
 if calm and xspa fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matter set forth in the xspa statement of objection before 
 expiration of the xspa resolution period , then any amount remain in dispute ( " xspa dispute amount " and any amount not so disputed , 
 the " xspa undisputed amount " ) shall be submit for resolution to the independent accountant who , act as expert and not arbitrator , shall 
 resolve the xspa dispute amount only and make any adjustment to the xspa audit result . the party hereto agree that all adjustment shall 
 be make without regard to materiality . the independent accountant shall only decide the specific item under dispute by the party and their 
 decision for each xspa dispute amount must be within the range of value assign to each such item in the xspa audit result and the xspa 
 statement of objection , respectively . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 the independent accountant shall make a determination as soon as practicable within thirty ( 30 ) day ( or such other time as the party 
 hereto shall agree in writing ) after their engagement , and their resolution of the xspa dispute amount and their adjustment to the xspa audit 
 result shall be conclusive and bind upon the party hereto . 
 if it be conclusively determined that any of xspa ’s payment due hereunder be less than the amount that should have be pay or any 
 of calm ’s payment or reimbursement be more than the amount that should have be pay , all payment require to be make to eliminate the 
 discrepancy , plus interest , shall be make promptly upon calm ’s demand , and , if the discrepancy in amount due to calm be great than ten percent 
 ( 10 ) or more of the amount due during the period in question , xspa promptly shall reimburse calm for the reasonable cost and expense relate 
 to such inspection and audit not to exceed 5,000.00 . in all other case , calm shall be responsible for any and all cost and expense relate to such 
 inspection and audit pursuant to this section 8.02 . 
 if it be conclusively determined that any of xspa ’s payment due hereunder be more than the amount that should have be pay or any 
 of calm ’s payment or reimbursement be less than the amount that should have be pay , all payment require to be make to eliminate the 
 discrepancy , plus interest , shall be make promptly upon xspa ’s demand . 
 9 . intellectual property matter . 
 9.01 . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , calm hereby grant to xspa , solely during the term and in the territory , a 
 revocable ( as set forth in ​section ​12.04 ) , royalty - free , assignable ( solely as set forth in section ​16.05 ) , non - sublicensable ( except as set forth in 
 section ​9.03 ) , non - exclusive license to use the mark set forth on exhibit d ( " calm ’s mark " ) , solely to the extent necessary for xspa to exercise 
 its right or perform its obligation set forth in this agreement . 
 9.02 . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , xspa hereby grant to calm , solely during the term and in the territory , a 
 revocable ( as set forth in ​section ​12.04 ) , royalty - free , assignable ( solely as set forth in section ​16.05 ) , non - sublicensable ( except as set forth in 
 section ​9.03 ) , non - exclusive license to use the mark set forth on exhibit e ( " xspa ’s mark " , and together with calm ’s mark , the " mark " ) , solely 
 to the extent necessary for calm to exercise its right or perform its obligation set forth in this agreement . 
 9.03 . each party may sublicense the right grant to such party under section 9.01 and 9.02 of this agreement to any third party vendor , 
 supplier or manufacturer of product collateral solely to the extent necessary for such party to exercise its right or perform its obligation set forth 
 in this agreement . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 9.04 . neither party shall use the other party ’s mark , in whole or in part , as a corporate name , trade name or domain name and shall not use 
 the other party ’s mark in combination with any other mark , design or designation except pursuant to the term of this agreement . each party shall 
 use the other party ’s mark in the territory strictly in compliance with all applicable legal requirement of the territory . each party acknowledge 
 and agree that , as between the party , the other party be the sole and exclusive owner of the mark license by such other party pursuant to this 
 section ​9 and all goodwill associate therewith . neither party shall do or cause to be do any act or thing that may in any way adversely affect 
 any right of the other party in and to such other party ’s mark or any registration thereof or that , directly or indirectly , may reduce the value of 
 such mark or detract from any mark ’s reputation , include challenge the ownership , validity or enforceability of such mark . each party agree 
 that it will display the trademark registration symbol ® or the designation " sm " or " tm " adjacent to the mark when direct to do so by the 
 party own the relevant mark and , when circumstance reasonably permit , it will cause a notice of ownership to appear on advertisement or in 
 store display bear the mark . each party will take care to display the other party ’s mark in a manner that do not bring the other party ’s 
 brand into disrepute . 
 9.05 . all goodwill associate with the use of a party ’s mark by the other party shall inure to the sole and exclusive benefit of the party 
 which own such mark . each party shall execute any document and take any action reasonably require by the other party to confirm such 
 party ’s ownership of all right in and to such party ’s mark in the territory and the respective right of the party pursuant to this agreement . 
 9.06 . in the event that either party learn of any infringement , imitation or counterfeiting of the other party ’s mark or product or of any 
 use by any person of a trademark similar to such mark , it shall promptly notify the other party thereof . thereupon , the party own the relevant 
 mark , or in the case of product , calm , shall take such action as it deem advisable for the protection of its right in and to its mark and product 
 and , if reasonably request to do so by such party , the other party shall reasonably cooperate in all respect ( at the sole cost and expense of the 
 party own the relevant mark , or in the case of product , calm ) , include by choose to be a plaintiff or co - plaintiff and/or by cause its 
 officer to execute pleading and other necessary document . any action contemplate by this section ​9.06 shall be control by the party with 
 ownership of the relevant mark , or in the case of product , calm . 
 9.07 . any intellectual property or moral right in any product collateral or other marketing material concern calm or one or more 
 product , include pattern , sketch , logo , design , packaging , label , tag , advertising material or the like ( " product collateral ip " ) bear 
 calm ’s mark shall be , as between the party , the sole and exclusive property of calm , it be understand that xspa shall retain sole and 
 exclusive ownership of its mark , include with respect to co - branded product collateral and any other co - brand marketing material concern 
 calm or one or more product . any co - branded product collateral ip shall be use solely ( i ) in the store in the territory or ( ii ) in connection with 
 digital marketing activity by calm with respect to calm or one or more product , in accordance with the term and condition set forth in this 
 agreement . if any product collateral ip ( or any aspect thereof ) be not design and/or create by calm , such product collateral ip ( or aspect 
 thereof ) shall be deem " work make for hire " for calm within the meaning of the u.s . copyright law and/or other applicable comparable law or , if 
 they do not so qualify , all ownership right thereto shall be , and be hereby , assign to calm . xspa shall not , directly or indirectly , do or suffer to 
 be do any act or thing which may affect adversely any of calm ’s right in the product collateral ip , include file any application in its name to 
 record any claim to product collateral ip ( or any aspect thereof ) . xspa shall execute any document and take any action reasonably require by 
 calm to confirm calm ’s ownership of all right in and to such product collateral ip . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 10 . agency , indemnification and insurance . 
 10.01 . calm and xspa be each independent contractor . the party be not and shall not be consider as joint venturer , partner or 
 agent of each other . neither party shall have the authority to bind or obligate the other party . 
 10.02 . xspa hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless calm and its affiliate and their respective director , officer , employee and 
 agent from and against any and all claim , suit , allege regulatory violation , loss , damage and cost ( include reasonable attorney ’ fee ) 
 arise out of or relate to ( i ) any alleged action or failure to take action by xspa in connection with the operation or maintenance of the store or 
 provision of any product or service ( other than the product ) , include but not limit to : violation of applicable law , regulation or other rules; 
 defect in xspa source product or service provide or obtain therein; employment and labor issue with respect to xspa employees; any 
 product liability or personal injury claim with respect to xspa ’s provision of any product or service ( other than the products); property damage; 
 and collection , remittance or payment of any taxis , license fee or any other payment due to any party; ( ii ) the use of xspa ’s mark by calm as 
 authorize by this agreement; and ( iii ) any breach of any covenant or agreement of xspa contain in this agreement . 
 10.03 . calm hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless xspa and its affiliate and their respective director , officer , employee and 
 agent from and against any and all claim , suit , allege regulatory violation , loss , damage and cost ( include reasonable attorney ’ fee ) 
 arise out of or relate to ( i ) any product liability or personal injury claim with respect to any product or product collateral or any alleged 
 defect in any product or product collateral; ( ii ) any allege action or failure to take action by calm ’s employees; ( iii ) the use of calm ’s mark by 
 xspa as authorize by this agreement; and ( iv ) any breach of any covenant or agreement of calm contain in this agreement . 
 10.04 . in the event any claim , action , suit or proceed ( each , a " claim " ) be bring or make against an indemnified party for which 
 defense and indemnification by the indemnify party may be seek hereunder , the indemnified party will promptly notify the indemnify party 
 of the commencement thereof , and the indemnified party will be entitle to reasonably participate in ( but not assume ) the defense thereof . 
 notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement , the indemnify party shall not enter into any settlement of any claim without the prior 
 write consent of the indemnified party , except as provide in this section 10.04 . if a firm offer be make to settle a claim without lead to liability 
 or the creation of a financial or other obligation on the part of the indemnified party and provide , in customary form , for the unconditional release 
 of each indemnified party from all liability and obligation in connection with such claim and the indemnify party desire to accept and agree 
 to such offer , the indemnify party shall give write notice to that effect to the indemnified party . if the indemnified party fail to consent to such 
 firm offer within ten ( 10 ) day after its receipt of such notice , the indemnified party may continue to contest or defend such claim and in such event , 
 the maximum liability of the indemnify party as to such claim shall not exceed the amount of such settlement offer . if the indemnified party fail 
 to consent to such firm offer and also fail to assume defense of such claim , the indemnify party may settle the claim upon the term set forth in 
 such firm offer to settle such claim . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 10.05 . xspa shall obtain , and thereafter maintain during the term , the follow insurance : 
 ( a ) special form property policy cover all stock on premise of the store , include with respect to all product collateral; 
 ( b ) worker ’ compensation insurance in the statutorily require amount ( or xspa shall participate in the appropriate state fund if 
 such insurance be not available or allow ) , together with employer ’s liability insurance with a limit of 1,000,000 for each accident; and 
 ( c ) commercial general liability insurance , ( include fire liability , contractual liability , personal injury , product liability and 
 complete operation coverage ) in the amount of not less than 3,000,000 combine single limit with umbrella liability coverage with a limit 
 of not less than 10,000,000; 
 the forego insurance policy shall name xspa as the insured and calm as additional insure ( except for worker ’ compensation insurance ) . if 
 any such insurance be on a " claim make " basis , xspa shall maintain coverage thereunder for a period of at least two ( 2 ) year follow the 
 termination of this agreement . with respect to the foregoing , xspa shall provide to calm certificate(s ) evidence such insurance prior to or upon 
 execution of this agreement . the certificate shall provide that calm will be give at least thirty ( 30 ) day prior write notice of cancellation or any 
 material change in these policy . calm shall have no obligation to xspa for the cost of insurance require , or for any other coverage that xspa 
 obtain , directly or indirectly for its own account . in no event shall any insurer have a good ’s insurance rating of less than ( a- ) of class size vii . 
 10.06 . except with respect to each party ’s indemnification obligation under this agreement , ( a ) under no 
 circumstance and under no legal theory ( tort , contract , or otherwise ) , shall either party be liable to the 
 other party for any lost profit , loss of opportunity or other special , punitive , indirect , or consequential 
 damage suffer by the other party arise in connection with this agreement; and ( b ) the maximum liability 
 of each party in any way relate to this agreement shall not exceed 2,000,000.00 ( exclude any amount due and 
 payable pursuant to section ​8 hereunder ) . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 11 . representation and warranty . 
 11.01 . calm represent and warrant that : 
 ( a ) it have the legal power and authority to enter into this agreement and to grant the right to its mark grant hereunder , and 
 the execution and performance of this agreement do not violate or put calm in default of any other agreement , order or judgment by 
 which it be bind or to which it be subject; 
 ( b ) calm ’s mark do not infringe any third party ’ right and that the mark be not misappropriate from any third party; 
 ( c ) it be aware of and will comply with all federal , state and local law and regulation govern the product and the product 
 collateral in the territory; and 
 ( d ) it be the sole and exclusive owner of calm ’s mark . 
 11.02 . xspa represent and warrant that : 
 ( a ) it have the legal power and authority to enter into this agreement and to grant the right to its mark grant hereunder , and 
 the execution and performance of this agreement do not violate or put xspa in default of any other agreement , order or judgment by 
 which it be bind or to which it be subject : and 
 ( b ) it be aware of and will comply with all federal , state and local law and regulation govern its operation of the store in the 
 territory; 
 ( c ) xspa ’s mark do not infringe any third party ’ right and that the mark be not misappropriate from any third party , and 
 ( d ) it be the sole and exclusive owner of xspa ’s mark . 
 12 . termination . 
 12.01 . this agreement may be terminate by either party , prior to its expiration , by reason of a material breach of the term and condition 
 hereof; provide that the party allege to be in material breach shall have fail to cure such allege material breach within thirty ( 30 ) day 
 follow the receipt of a write notice from the party allege the material breach which notice shall describe in reasonable detail the nature of the 
 allege material breach . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 12.02 . calm may terminate this agreement immediately , upon write notice , if xspa experience an insolvency event . 
 12.03 . begin on february 28 , 2019 , xspa may terminate this agreement immediately , upon write notice , if calm have not purchase 
 and fund the purchase of the second closing share ( as define in the series e prefer stock purchase agreement date as of even date 
 herewith by and between xspa and calm ) by december 31 , 2018 . 
 12.04 . upon termination or expiration of this agreement , calm ( at its sole expense ) may engage a third party to audit xspa ’s inventory of 
 any and all product collateral then on hand at each store and xspa shall promptly return or dispose of such inventory as instruct by calm at 
 calm ’s sole expense . in addition , if calm do not provide xspa with instruction within twenty ( 20 ) day of the termination or expiration of this 
 agreement , xspa shall be permit to dispose of any inventory of any and all product collateral then on hand at each store . the party agree to 
 promptly settle all accounting associate with such inventory of any and all product collateral then on hand at each store upon termination or 
 expiration of this agreement . except as expressly set forth herein , all of the right grant hereunder shall automatically terminate and xspa shall 
 immediately cease the distribution , marketing and sale of product and the party shall discontinue all use of the other party ’s mark . 
 12.05 . the follow provision shall survive the expiration or termination of this agreement : section ​ ​3 , ​9.07 , 10 , ​12 and any other 
 provision hereunder which by its term , may reasonably be expect to survive such expiration or termination . in addition to the foregoing , upon 
 termination each party shall pay to the other party any and all amount then owe to the other party . 
 13 . arbitration . without limit section ​16.08 , any and all dispute or claim arise from either party ’s right or obligation under this 
 agreement shall be subject to arbitration . any arbitration commence with respect to a dispute or claim under this agreement shall be conduct 
 pursuant to the commercial arbitration rule of the american arbitration association and the supplementary procedure for large , complex 
 dispute then in effect ( the " rule " ) , except to the extent such rule conflict with this section ​13 . in any arbitration , new york law shall govern , 
 except to the extent that such law conflict with the rule or this section ​13 . the party far agree that each issue submit for arbitration be 
 submit to a panel of three ( 3 ) impartial arbitrator with each party select one ( 1 ) arbitrator within fifteen ( 15 ) day after the commencement of 
 the arbitration period and the two ( 2 ) select arbitrator select a third arbitrator who be experience in the commercial retail industry within thirty 
 ( 30 ) day after the commencement of the arbitration period . any arbitration hereunder shall commence within thirty ( 30 ) day after appointment of 
 the third arbitrator and shall be hold in new york , new york , usa . no discovery by either party shall be permit unless the arbitrator determine 
 that the party request such discovery have a substantial , demonstrable need . the arbitrator shall make final determination as to any discovery 
 dispute and all other procedural matter . if any party fail to comply with the procedure in any arbitration in a manner deem material by the 
 arbitrator , then the arbitrator shall fix a reasonable time for compliance , and if the party do not comply within such period , then a remedy 
 deem just by the arbitrator , include an award of default , may be impose . the decision of the arbitrator shall be render no later than one 
 hundred twenty ( 120 ) day after commencement of the arbitration period . the cost of arbitration shall be bear by the party against whom the 
 arbitral decision be make . any judgment or decision render by the panel shall be bind upon the party and shall be enforceable by any court 
 of competent jurisdiction . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 14 . notice . all notice require or permit by this agreement shall be in writing and may be deliver in person ( by hand or by 
 messenger or courier service ) or may be send by certify mail , return receipt request , or u.s . postal service express mail , with postage prepay , or 
 by facsimile transmission during normal business hour , and shall be deem sufficiently give if serve in a manner specify in this section ​14 to 
 the address and facsimile number note below . either party may , by notice to the other , specify a different address for notice purpose . any 
 notice send by certify mail , return receipt request , shall be deem give on the date of delivery show on the receipt card , or if no delivery date 
 be show , the postmarks thereon . notice deliver by united states express mail or overnight courier that guarantee next day delivery shall be 
 deem give twenty - four ( 24 ) hour after delivery of the same to the united states postal service or courier . if any notice be transmit by 
 facsimile transmission or similar mean , the same shall be deem serve or deliver upon telephone or facsimile confirmation of receipt of the 
 transmission thereof , provide a copy be also deliver via delivery or mail . if notice be receive after 5:00 pm , local time of the recipient , or on a 
 saturday or a sunday or a legal holiday , it shall be deem receive on the next business day . notice address be as follow : 
 if to xspa : 
 xpresspa group , inc . 
 780 third avenue , 12th floor 
 new york , ny 10017 
 attn : edward jankowski , ceo 
 email : noticesxpresspagroup.com 
 if to calm : 
 calm.com , inc . 
 140 2nd st . , 3rd floor 
 san francisco , can 94105 
 attn : dun wang 
 email : legalcalm.com and duncalm.com 
 15 . confidentiality . neither party shall , directly or indirectly , without the other party ’s consent , disclose to any third party ( other than their 
 respective employee or representative ) any information designate in writing as confidential by other party ( include the term and condition 
 of this agreement); provide , that the foregoing restriction shall not ( a ) apply to any information ( i ) generally available to , or know by , the public 
 ( other than as a result of disclosure in violation of this ​section ​15 ) or ( ii ) independently develop by the receive party , or ( b ) prohibit any 
 disclosure ( i ) determine in good faith by any party to be require by any listing agreement with any applicable national or regional security 
 exchange or market , security law or any other applicable law so long as the disclosing party have make all reasonable effort to obtain confidential 
 treatment of the term of the agreement in connection with such disclosure and , to the extent practicable and legally permissible , the receiving 
 party provide the disclosing party with reasonable prior notice of such disclosure or ( ii ) make in connection with the enforcement of any right or 
 remedy relate to this agreement . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 16 . miscellaneous provision . 
 16.01 . this agreement embody and constitute the entire understanding between the party with respect to subject matter hereof , and 
 no prior agreement , understanding , representation and statement , oral or write , shall have any legal effect with respect to such subject matter . 
 neither this agreement nor any provision hereof may be waive , modify , amend , discharge or terminate except by an instrument sign by 
 the party against whom the enforcement of such waiver , modification , amendment , discharge or termination be seek , and then only to the extent 
 set forth in such instrument . 
 16.02 . this agreement shall be govern by , and construe in accordance with the law of the state of new york . in the event of any 
 litigation , arbitration , or other proceeding by which one party either seek to enforce its right under this agreement or seek a declaration of any 
 right or obligation under this agreement , the prevail party shall be entitle to recover from the other party , in addition to any other relief 
 award , any and all cost and expense incur with respect to such litigation , arbitration or other proceeding , include without limitation , 
 reasonable attorney ’ fee , disbursement and cost , and expert ’ fee and cost . 
 16.03 . the caption in this agreement be insert for convenience of reference only and in no way define , describe or limit the scope or 
 intent of this agreement or any of the provision hereof . 
 16.04 . in the event that any one or more of the provision of this agreement shall be determine to be void or unenforceable by a court of 
 competent jurisdiction , such determination will not render this agreement invalid or unenforceable and the remain provision hereof shall remain 
 in full force and effect . 
 16.05 . neither party shall assign or transfer this agreement or its right hereunder without first obtain the consent of the other , in 
 writing , which consent shall not unreasonably be withhold or delay . subject to the foregoing , this agreement shall be bind upon and inure to 
 the benefit of the party hereto and their respective permit successor and assigns; provide , however , calm may , without the prior write 
 consent of xspa , assign or otherwise transfer its right and obligation to an affiliate of calm or the acquirer of all or substantially all of the asset 
 of calm; provide , however , that the prior write consent of xspa shall be require in connection with the assignment to an acquirer of all or 
 substantially all of the asset of calm if such acquirer ’s primary business be an airport - base provider of spa service . 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 16.06 . for the convenience of the party , this agreement may be execute in one or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an 
 original , but all of which together shall constitute one and the same document . 
 16.07 . no waiver by either party , whether express or imply , of any provision hereof , or of any breach or default thereof , shall constitute a 
 continue waiver of such provision or of any other provision of this agreement . acceptance of payment by calm shall not be deem a waiver 
 by calm of any violation of or default under any of the provision of this agreement by xspa . also , if for any reason any act or omission by 
 xspa hereunder not in conformance with any of the requirement hereof be not object to by calm from time to time , such a failure to object shall 
 not be deem a waiver by calm of any such requirement and calm may insist upon due performance thereof by xspa at any time . 
 16.08 . the party acknowledge that irreparable injury would be cause by any breach or threaten breach by the other party of any of 
 the provision of this agreement and both party shall have the right to enforce the specific performance of the agreement and to apply for 
 injunctive relief against any act which would violate any of its provision . 
 [ signature on follow page ] 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 in witness whereof , the party have execute this agreement as of the date first above write . 
 xpresspa group , inc . 
 by : 
 /s / edward jankowski 
 name : edward jankowski 
 title : 
 calm.com , inc . 
 by : 
 /s/ michael acton smith 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 exhibit a 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 exhibit b 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 exhibit c 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 exhibit d 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019 
 exhibit e 

 source : xpresspa group , inc . , 10 - k , 4/1/2019