vertex energy , inc . 8 - k 
 exhibit 10.1 
 the symbol " [ ] " denote place where certain identify 
 information have be exclude from the exhibit because it be both ( i ) 
 not material , and ( ii ) would likely cause competitive harm to the 
 company if publicly disclose 
 joint supply and marketing agreement 
 this joint supply and marketing agreement ( hereinafter refer to as the " jsma " ) shall be effective as of may 1 , 2020 " the commencement 
 date " and be make and enter into this 10th day of january , 2020 between bunker one ( usa ) inc . , with principal office locate at 107 st . 
 francis street , mobile , al 36602 ( " bunker one " ) , and vertex energy operating , llc , with principal office locate at 1331 gemini suite 250 , 
 houston , tx 77058 ( " vertex " ) . bunker one and vertex be hereinafter sometimes refer to as a party or jointly as party . 
 whereas : 
 a. vertex currently own a production facility in marrero , la which have the capacity to produce 100,000 bbls / mo . + /- 10 of a 
 feedstock / product ( the " output " ) that can be consume as bunker suitable fuel for offshore use and use as a marine vessel 's 
 propulsion system . see appendix a for quality of the feedstock / product ( the " product " ) . 
 b. bunker one be a physical supplier of bunker fuel having blending expertise be able to utilize the product together with 
 associate physical asset for storage and transportation , lease and own real property , tangible and intangible personal property , 
 personnel , intellectual prop- erty and know - how ( collectively the " bunker business " ) . 
 c. pursuant to the term of a co - operation agreement that go into effect on october 15 , 2017 ( the " original cooa " ) , which 
 address the source , storing , transportation , marketing and selling of the product in the state of louisiana and texas , vertex agree 
 to sell , and bunker one agree to purchase , the output ( as define in the above ) each month . by virtue of enter into this jsma the 
 party intend to continue the activity previously conduct pursuant to the original cooa and expand thereon as more particularly 
 hereinbelow set forth . 
 d. the overall objective of the original cooa be to give the party the opportunity to far expand their business by co - operate 
 in the source , storing , transportation , marketing and selling of the product in and around louisiana and texas , where 
 ( i ) vertex be primarily responsible for the source and storing of the feedstock product , 
 ( ii ) bunker one be primarily responsible for the transporting , blending , marketing , sell and deliver of the product , 
 ( iii ) bunker one be responsible for the risk management / exposure ( e.g. hedging ) of the bunker fuel , and 
 ( iv ) bunker one be the exclusive seller of the product to third party . 
 e. the party wish to amend and restate the original cooa as a jsma to extend the term , provide for the inclusion of new and exist 
 business and territory not previously include in the original cooa , and to address certain governance issue , all as more 
 particularly hereinbelow provide . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 the party hereto hereby agree as follow : 
 1 . 
 definition . 
 " area " mean texas , louisiana , alabama and area immediately adjacent thereto if mutually agree . 
 " bunker holding " , a danish hold company and sole shareholder of bunker one ( usa ) inc .. 
 " business day " mean any day except a saturday , sunday , or a federal reserve bank holiday . a business day shall open at 8:00a.m . 
 and close at 5:00p.m . houston , texas , time . 
 " jsma output " have the meaning ascribe thereto in section 2.1 . 
 " effective date " mean the date as of which the last signature of a party be affix hereto . 
 " fiscal year " shall mean the period begin with may 1st in each calendar year and end on the next succeed april 30th . 
 " hedge position value " mean the then current settlement value of any and all open hedge transaction enter into by bunker one as 
 determine by bunker one on a mark - to - market basis in a commercially reasonable manner . 
 " hedge profit " mean the great of zero and the net gain on all hedging transaction close and settle during the applicable 
 tracking account reporting or settlement period , include any interest receive by bunker one with respect to any margin deposit 
 make by bunker one with any hedge transaction counterpartie exclusive of any such amount in excess of that which would be take 
 into account by party deal at arm ’s length on a commercial basis . 
 " hedge loss " mean the lesser of zero and the net loss on all hedging transaction close and settle during the applicable tracking 
 account reporting or settlement period , include any in- terest receive by bunker one with respect to any margin deposit make by 
 bunker one with any hedge transaction counterpartie exclusive of any such amount in excess of that which would be take into 
 account by party deal at arm ’s length on a commercial basis . 
 " interest rate " mean ( a ) with respect to a non - defaulting party , a per annum rate of interest equal to usd 1 m libor as per the last 
 fixing of the precede month + 3.5 per cent pro anno ( compound monthly for each month or part thereof ) and ( b ) with respect to a 
 default party , a per annum rate of interest equal to 5 over the rate mention above in ( a ) , provide , how- ever , that the rate set 
 forth in ( a ) shall be adjust by the party annually at the last meeting of the jdmb ( as such term be define in the head of agreement 
 enter into between the party as of january 10 , 2020 . 
 " inventory " shall mean the product purchase by bunker one pursuant to this agreement . 
 " inventory cost " shall mean the amount pay by bunker one to vertex for the inventory . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 " inventory market value " shall mean the then current market value of inventory as determine by bunker one on a mark - to - market 
 basis in a commercially reasonable manner . 
 " inventory resale transaction(s ) " shall mean any sale by bunker one to a third party of the inventory whether or not the inventory be 
 sell in the original condition deliver to bunker one or be blend by bunker one into a different product . 
 " nomination " shall be as define in section 2.6 . 
 " output " have the meaning ascribe thereto in the recital . 
 " product " have the meaning ascribe thereto in the recital . 
 " remain exposure " mean total exposure plus payment receive by bunker one and vertex pursuant to this agreement during 
 the applicable tracking account statement report period less payment make by bunker one and vertex pursuant to this agreement 
 during the applicable tracking account statement reporting period . 
 " term sheet " mean that certain summary of term regard the propose purchase of series b1 prefer share of vertex energy , inc . 
 date november 25 , 2019 . 
 " total exposure " mean the sum of ( i ) unrealize gain on hedging , ( ii ) unrealize loss on hedg- ing , ( iii ) unrealized gain on inventory , 
 ( iv ) unrealize loss on inventory and ( v ) total realize p / l. 
 " total realize p / l " mean and shall be equal to the sum of each monthly calculation of below follow ifrs principle : 
 ( a ) the sum of : 
 ( i ) gross revenue receive by bunker one from any third party for inventory resale transaction ( but exclude for any 
 applicable tracking account reporting or settlement period any such gross revenue that be include in a prior reporting or 
 settlement period as describe in clause ( ii ) immediately below ) , 
 ( ii ) gross revenue due , but not yet receive by bunker one from any third party for inventory which have be sell at a fix 
 price , whether or not deliver , 
 ( iii ) hedge profit; and 
 ( iv ) proceed of insurance maintain by bunker one with respect to the inventory that be receive by bunker one; less 
 ( b ) the sum of : 
 ( i ) the measured cost of the good sell , 
 ( ii ) all actual cost incur by bunker one ( u.s . ) hereunder include , but not limit to cost for tank storage , tank expense , 
 tank cleaning , freight ( include fleeting / heating / tanker man / sparging ) , cargo insurance , inspection , demurrage , broker 
 commission , blend cost ( include blend inventory / product , additive and other direct cost incur in blend 
 the product for resale ) , financial charge , interest , transfer taxis and miscellaneous item , 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 ( iii ) hedging loss , and 
 ( iv ) sg&a cost allocate to the operation ( to be agree to in a budget and in write ahead of time , provide , however , 
 neither party will include sg&a incur by a parent entity absent mutual agreement otherwise ) . 
 " transfer taxis " mean all transfer , documentary , sale , use , stamp , registration , conveyance or similar taxis or charge ( " transfer 
 taxis " ) arise out of the transaction contemplate hereby and all charge for or in connection with the recording of any document or 
 instrument contem- plat hereby . 
 " unrealize gain on hedging " mean the great of zero and the hedge position value . 
 " unrealized loss on hedging " mean the lesser of zero and the hedge position value . 
 " unrealize gain on inventory " mean the great of zero and the net gain in inventory market value as compare to the inventory 
 cost . 
 " unrealized loss on inventory " mean the lesser of zero and the net loss in inventory market value as compare to the inventory 
 cost . 
 2 . 
 co - operation procedure . 
 2.1 . 
 source and purchase . vertex shall be responsible for the sourcing / producing of the product and shall sell to bunker one , and bunker 
 one shall purchase , the agree output of the product in accordance to fob ( marrero , la , we ( or per new / additional agree area ) ) the 
 incoterm ® 2010 rule , at the following schedule pricing : 
 the arithmetic mean of platt 2 usgc pipe and platt ’s ulsd usgc waterborne on agree pricing day less the agree upon discount 
 [ ] . pricing mechanism for the product will be make in accordance to fob ( marrero , la , us ) the incoterm ® 2010 rule ( hereinafter , 
 the " product cost " ) . the above pricing will be mutually negotiate and revise every third month . 
 unless the party otherwise agree in writing , 100 of the output shall be allocate for use in the area ( the " cooa output " ) . 
 vertex , on not less than 120 day prior write notice to bunker one ( the " withdrawal notice " ) , shall have the right to remove all or a 
 portion of the output from the coverage of the jsma , provide , however , that , in such event , ( a ) vertex shall supply a volume of 
 alternative material equal to , or well than , in amount and quality ( the " alternative supply " ) to the volume of material withdraw , or ( b ) 
 vertex shall reimburse bunker one for the net loss experience by bunker one by reason of the loss of the withdraw material , 
 determine on the basis of what bunker one would have earn on a net basis under the term of the jsma have the output not be 
 withdraw . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 in addition , in calculate the net loss experience by bunker one in the event of withdrawal subject to compensation under ( b ) 
 mention in the above , vertex shall be credit with any additional income realize by bunker one , determine on a cumulative basis 
 from and after the date of this jsma , for any product provide by vertex in excess of the output as well as any cost saving realize by 
 bunker one with respect to the alternative supply . 
 2.2 . 
 blending . the jsma output be mean for blend into other product by bunker one for the pur- pose of be transform into bunker 
 suitable fuel for a marine vessel 's propulsion system and/or marketable wholesale product in various other market for sale by bunker 
 one to cus- tomer in the area . bunker one will be solely responsible for the blending , marketing , sale and delivery of the product in the 
 area . the jsma output may also be sell as be without any blending . 
 2.3 . 
 storage . the party will , with prior write agreement , coordinate effort to secure storage ca- pacity for the accumulation and blending 
 of product to make up the cargo to be supply pursuant to the jsma . the party agree that tank / storage fee incur for the sole ( any 
 other use will be upon mutual write agreement ) purpose of the jsma shall be for the account of the jsma . at commencement of this 
 agreement the party have enter into the sublet agreement attach hereto as appendix b. 
 2.4 . 
 vessel charter : bunker one will coordinate , secure and charter suitable vessel need for the shipment of the product to various sale 
 destination . the party agree that fee incur in con- nection with charter vessel for the sole ( any other use will be upon mutual 
 write agreement ) purpose of the jsma shall be for the account of the jsma . 
 2.5 . 
 risk management : bunker one shall be responsible for obtain risk management relate prod- uct / hedging of the jsma output 
 consistent with the decision of the jdmb under the head of agreement . all fee incur , and profit / loss incur in connection with 
 hedging of the jsma output shall be for the account of the jsma . all hedge be to be do on a physical , not specula- tive , basis . 
 2.6 . 
 exclusive co - operation : it be agree that only bunker one will be market this jsma and the jsma output towards various customer , 
 but if a party receive a nomination ( be a written or oral request by / from a customer to a party state delivery place , delivery date 
 and window etc . ) or any other communication from a customer regard the supply of product ( either spot or whole cargo ) in the area , 
 the party be oblige to forward the nomination to bunker one and refer the customer to bunker one . during the term , neither vertex nor 
 any affiliate of vertex may sell any product to any customer for their use as bunker fuel other than pursuant to the term of this jsma . 
 all sale towards customer for bunker fuel will be carry out exclusively by bunker one in accordance to the term set forth herein . as 
 such all communication with customer shall go via bunker one unless otherwise be specific write agree in advance . 
 3 . 
 mutual cooperation . 
 3.1 . 
 the jsma will generate either a profit or a loss which shall be distribute between the party as set out forth far below in this 
 clause . vertex and bunker one will act cooperatively in a commercially reasonable manner , to maximize profit and minimize loss and 
 comply with all term and condition pursuant to the jsma . the party have establish a joint decision - make body that will : ( a ) 
 establish a budget no later than march in each fiscal year for the immediately ensue 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 fiscal year , to include forecast of income and expense and plan capital expenditure ( which capital expenditure budget shall 
 include a focus on item relate to the supply and optimization of the marine fuel or component and item relate to support the 
 marketing of the product and associate credit risk with respect to bunker one , and with respect to vertex , a focus on asset 
 acquisition / leasing of improvement require in support of acquisition and production of the product to the refining rack or other 
 designate transfer point ) , ( b ) review the financial information provide by the respective party for the transaction occur during 
 the precede month / quarter / year; ( c ) strategize on the propose blending plan , ensue month for volume and margin per mt . plan for 
 resupply of component and associate pricing target , relate expense , timing and volumes; ( d ) discuss and approve any other 
 business bring before the committee for its review and approval . 
 3.2 . 
 accounting records; report : bunker one shall establish and maintain at its office in mobile , alabama a detailed ledger ( the " detailed 
 ledger " ) within their current reporting system with re- spect to this agreement and all transaction hereunder sufficient to track and 
 reconcile all such transaction and to calculate and track hedge position value , hedge profit , hedging loss , inventory cost , inventory 
 market value , remain exposure , total exposure , total realize p / l , inter- e , unrealized gain on hedging , unrealize loss on 
 hedging , unrealize gain on inventory and unrealized loss on inventory and any and all payment make by or to bunker one or vertex 
 with respect to this agreement . 
 3.3 . 
 bunker one shall prepare and provide to vertex , on a monthly and quarterly basis , a statement set forth the status of the detailed 
 ledger and each component thereof ( the " detailed ledger statement " ) . the detailed ledger statement and all other report and settlement 
 statement provide for herein shall be in such format as may be agree upon by the party from time to time and shall include such 
 support documentation as be reasonably necessary or reasonably request by vertex to enable vertex to verify the accuracy of such 
 report or settlement statement . bunker one shall prepare and maintain such other accounting and transaction record as may be 
 necessary to provide a full accounting of all transaction and other activity under this agree- ment . vertex have the right , at its sole 
 expense and during normal working hour , to have a third party accountant examine the record of bunker one . if any such examination 
 reveal any inaccuracy in any statement , the necessary adjustment in such statement and the payment thereof will be make promptly 
 and shall bear interest calculate at the interest rate from the date the overpayment or underpayment be make until pay . 
 4 . 
 settlement and payment term . 
 4.1 . 
 payment by bunker one for the product , as define in clause 2.1 , will be make by wire transfer within three ( 3 ) business day after the 
 date vertex invoice bunker one , to an account desig- nate from time to time by vertex . 
 4.2 . 
 on or before the seventh ( 7th ) business day after the end of each quarter during the fiscal year may 1- april 30 ) bunker one shall 
 prepare and send to vertex the detailed ledger statement for the immediately precede quarter . if any such quarterly detailed ledger 
 statement , or the final detailed ledger statement issue by bunker one , show positive remain exposure for the pe- riod cover by 
 the statement , then bunker one shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such amount to vertex . if any such quarterly detailed ledger 
 statement show negative remain exposure for the period cover by the statement , then vertex shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 of such amount to bunker one . the first ledger statement for the first full fiscal quarter end after the effective date shall include an 
 adjustment take into account the period begin with the first day follow the last day include in the last ledger statement 
 provide under the term of the original cooa , and the first day of the period include in the first ledger statement provide in 
 accordance with the provision of this jsma . for example , if the last ledger statement provide under the original cooa include the 
 three - month period end on september 30 , 2019 , and the first ledger statement provide under the term of this jsma include the 
 three- month period end january 31 , 2020 , then such first ledger statement shall also include the month of october , 2019 in addition 
 to the month of november , december and january . 
 4.3 . 
 in addition to the foregoing , on or before the fifteenth ( 15th ) business day after the end of each fiscal year bunker one shall prepare and 
 send to vertex the detailed ledger statement for the immediately precede fiscal year calculate on a cumulative basis show 
 payment make and receive by the party in satisfaction of the percentage split show above , adjust to include any period 
 exclude by reason of the conversion from a calendar year to a fiscal year in the same manner in which quarterly calculation be 
 adjust in section 4.2 ( i.e. the month of january , february , march and april , 2019 would be exclude in the annual calculation for the 
 fiscal year end april 30 , 2020 , and these must be include for purpose of prepare the ledger statement for fye 4/30/20 ) . in the 
 event a party have receive payment in excess of those to which such party be entitle on a cumulative basis as reflect in the annual 
 detailed ledger statement , such party shall remit such excess to the other party promptly upon receipt of demand therefor , or if such party 
 have underfunde its obligation in these same regard , such party shall promptly remit the amount underfunde to the other party . any 
 amount to which a party be entitle by virtue of any monthly or quarterly detailed ledger statement in excess of that reflect in the 
 annual de- tail ledger statement that have not be receive shall be cancel . 
 4.4 . 
 in addition , within thirty ( 30 ) day after the later of the expiration of the term or the final settlement and termination of all resale and 
 hedge transaction enter into during the term of this agreement , bunker one shall issue a final detailed ledger statement . if the 
 remain exposure show on such final detailed ledger statement be less than zero then vertex shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of 
 such amount to bunker one . if the remain exposure show on such final detailed ledger statement be great than zero then bunker 
 one shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such amount to vertex . 
 4.5 . 
 payment for any amount due in accordance with the above shall be make within three ( 3 ) business day after the date of the applicable 
 detailed ledger statement . if any detailed ledger state- ment be dispute in good faith , the party owe money will pay the undisputed 
 portion by the due date and will by such due date provide a write explanation of the basis for the dispute portion to such due date . 
 the party shall endeavor to resolve any dispute promptly , and the dispute amount find due , if any , plus accrue interest at the 
 interest rate shall be pay within three ( 3 ) business day follow resolution of the dispute . all payment under the term of this 
 agreement shall be make in us dollar and immediately available fund . the party shall net all undisputed amount due and owe on 
 the same day , and/or past due , arise under this agreement such that the party owe the great amount shall make a single payment of 
 the net amount to the other party . interest on late payment shall accrue at the interest rate from the due date until the date of payment . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 5 . 
 term 
 5.1 . 
 the term of this jsma shall commence on may 1 , 2020 ( the " commencement date " ) and end at april 30 , 2029 ( the " term " ) , with 
 automatic renewal each for a period of five ( 5 ) year ( a " renewal term " ) unless notice be give pursuant to 5.2 . 
 5.2 . 
 this jsma will be terminate as of the end of the term or any renewal term , by either party give write notice of non - renewal to the 
 other party no less than 120 prior to the applicable expiry date ( the " termination period " ) . 
 5.3 . 
 if at any time an event of default ( as define below ) have occur and be continue , the default party shall have ten ( 10 ) day after 
 receipt of write notice from the non - defaulting party speci- fye the default , within which to cure any such default , unless such 
 default be not susceptible of cure within such ten ( 10 ) day period in which case the default party shall have such additional time as 
 may be accept by the non - defaulting party ( in its sole discretion ) , provide that the default party initiate cure proceeding 
 promptly and thereafter diligently pursue cure to completion . notwithstanding the foregoing , in no event shall the cure period exceed 
 thirty ( 30 ) day . upon the expiration or lapse of all notice and cure right if the default remain uncured the non - defaulting party may 
 terminate this jsma with immediate effect . 
 5.4 . 
 in the event of a termination in accordance to clause 5.2 it be agree that both party agree to unwind and minimize cost and exit the 
 jsma as soon as practicably possible not exceed 120 day . 
 5.5 . 
 in the event of a termination in accordance to clause 5.3 the default party have to indemnify and hold harmless the non - defaulting 
 party for any and all loss , damage , cost etc . incur by the non - defaulting party as a consequence of an event of default . 
 5.6 . 
 a party may terminate the jsma immediately upon the delivery of write notice to the other party if there have be a change in control . 
 the term " change in control " , as use in this agreement , mean ( a ) the sale or transfer , through one transaction or a series of 
 transaction , of all or some portion of the issued and outstanding share of vote equity interest of a party , or such party ’s parent , 
 such that the majority of such equity interest be own by individual(s ) or entity(ie ) that do not own a majority of such equity 
 interest on the commencement date; ( b ) the reorganization , merger or consolidation of a party , or such party ’s parent , unless 
 immediately follow such business combination , all or substantially all of the individual and entity who be the beneficial owner 
 of either entity immediately prior to such business combination beneficially own , directly or indirectly , a majority of the issue and 
 outstanding share of vote equity interest of such entity; ( c ) the sale or transfer , through one transaction or a series of transaction , 
 of all or substantially all of the asset of a party , or such party ’s parent; or ( d ) the occurrence of any other event(s ) whereby the 
 individual or group of individual who ultimately own or control a party or such party ’s parent as of the commencement date no long 
 have the right or ability to control or cause the direction of the management and policy of such entity . for these purpose bunker 
 holding group be the parent of bunker one , inc . , and vertex energy , inc . be the parent of vertex energy operating llc . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 6 . 
 event of default 
 6.1 . 
 the occurrence at any time of any of the follow event , and expiration of any applicable notice or cure right , shall constitute an 
 event of default ( an " event of default " ) : 
 6.1.1 . 
 a party fail to make , when due , any payment under this jsma and such failure be not remedied within three ( 3 ) business day 
 after write notice of such failure be give to the party; 
 6.1.2 . 
 a party fail to comply with or perform any other obligation under this jsma , if such failure be not cure within the expiration of 
 all applicable notice and cure rights; 
 6.1.3 . 
 insolvency etc . a party be ( i ) dissolved; ( ii ) become insolvent or be unable to pay its debt as they fall due or admit to be so in 
 writing; ( iii ) make a general arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; ( iv ) suspend make payments; ( v ) institute or 
 have institute against it a proceeding seek a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
 or insolvency law other similar law affect creditor 's right , or a petition be present for its winding - up or liquidation and such 
 petition be not withdraw , dismiss , discharge , stay or restrain within thirty ( 30 ) days; ( vi ) seek or become subject to the 
 appointment of an administrator , provisional liquidator , conservator , receiver , trustee , custodian or other similar official for it for all 
 or substantially all its assets; ( vii ) have a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets; ( viii ) cause or be 
 subject to any event with respect to it which , under the applicable law of any jurisdiction , have an analogous effect to any of the 
 event specify in ( i)-(viii); or ( ix ) take any action in furtherance of , or indicate its consent of , approval of , or acquiescence in , 
 any of the act refer to in this clause . 
 7 . 
 taxis 
 7.1 . 
 each party be responsible for payment and reporting of its federal , state , and local income taxis and state franchise , license , and similar 
 taxis require for the maintenance of its business existence . 
 7.2 . 
 should any unexpected taxis , fee , and/or other charge , include penalty and/ or interest , occur because of one party 's failure to pay 
 and/or report , say party shall bear all cost associate with such failure and shall indemnify the other party from additional cost . 
 8 . 
 confidentiality 
 8.1 . 
 the jsma be private and confidential . both party agree that all information , other than exempt information , obtain in connection with 
 the jsma from the other party shall be treat as confidential property of the other party , and such confidential property shall not be 
 disclose without the write consent of the other party or use by the other party for any purpose other than fulfil its duty and 
 responsibility establish hereunder; provide however , that either party may disclose such information where require or request 
 by any law , court of competent jurisdiction or any judicial , governmental , supervisory or regulatory body , provide that the disclosing 
 party notifie the other party ( to the extent permit by law and regulation ) , as soon as possible , upon become aware of any such 
 requirement to give that party the opportunity to seek any other legal remedy to maintain such information in confidence . each party 
 shall use its reasonable effort to have the information maintain as confidential when such disclosure be require . " exempt 
 information " be any information that the recipient can demonstrate ( a ) be in 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 its possession prior to the time of disclosure; ( b ) be or become public knowledge through no fault , omission , or other act of the 
 recipient; ( c ) be obtain from a third party under no obligation of confidentiality; or ( d ) be independently develop by or for the 
 recipient without violate the term of this agreement . 
 8.2 . 
 in the event that any party make a disclosure contrary to the provision of this clause the other party shall have the right , without 
 prejudice to any other right or remedy it may have hereunder or otherwise , to terminate the jsma effective immediately upon notice to 
 the disclose party . the obligation of confidentiality shall be of a continue nature for 2 year after termination of this jsma and shall 
 not be cancel by the expiration , suspension or termination of the jsma . notwithstanding the foregoing , each party on demand shall 
 promptly disclose to the other all document and account relate to the jsma . 
 9 . 
 non - competition 
 9.1 . both party undertake , during the term of this jsma and for 2 ( two ) year from the termination or expiry of the jsma not to directly 
 conduct or otherwise promote activity which compete at the point source of the other party ’s business in the area . the point source 
 of vertex be a specialty refiner of alternative feedstock engage in supply and marketing of say refined stream and the point 
 source of bunker one be a marine fuel blending bunker company with sale outlet via trade , direct , wholesale and bunker 
 business . any exception from the above - state principle require the write consent of the other party . each party be entitle to 
 exercise any and all right and remedy available at law or in equity , include , without limitation , pursue injunc- tive relief . 
 10 . 
 no authority to bind . 
 10.1 . neither party have the authority to bind or enter into any contract or agreement on behalf of the other party , unless instruct in write 
 prior to the conclusion of the respective transaction . the party specifically acknowledge that they be not establish a joint venture 
 or partnership or any similar arrangement . 
 11 . 
 assignment . 
 11.1 . neither party shall assign or transfer any right or obligation hereunder without the express prior write consent of the other party , which 
 may not be unreasonably withhold . nothing in the jsma be intend or shall be construe to confer upon or give to any person or 
 entity any right as a third party beneficiary of the jsma or any party thereof . 
 12 . 
 indemnification . 
 12.1 . 
 vertex shall promptly indemnify bunker one and pay any and all damage , loss , liability , cost and expense , include reasonable 
 attorney ' fee , incident to any suit , action , investigation , claim or proceeding suffer , sustain , incur or require to be pay 
 by bunker one by reason of any negligence , gross negligence and/or intentional act or omission on the part of vertex in render 
 service hereunder , or any breach or failure of observance or performance of any representation , warranty , covenant or agreement make 
 by vertex hereunder . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 12.2 . 
 bunker one shall promptly indemnify vertex and pay any and all damage , loss , liability , cost and expense , include reasonable 
 attorney ' fee , incident to any suit , action , investigation , claim or proceeding suffer , sustain , incur or require to be pay 
 by vertex by reason of any negligence , gross negligence and/or intentional act or omission on the part of bunker one in render 
 service hereunder , or any breach or failure of observance or performance of any rep- resentation , warranty , covenant or agreement make 
 by bunker one hereunder . 
 12.3 . 
 this clause shall survive termination of this jsma . 
 13 . 
 law and jurisdiction . 
 13.1 . 
 this agreement shall be govern , interpret and construe in accordance with the law of the state of alabama , without give effect 
 to its conflict of law provision . any dispute arise out of or in connection with this jsma , include without limitation any question 
 regard its existence , validity or termination , that be not resolve in accordance with the provision set forth below in section 13.3 , shall 
 be submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the united states district court for the southern district of alabama in the city of mobile , 
 unless that court do not have subject - matter jurisdiction or decline jurisdiction , in which case any such dispute shall be submit to 
 the exclusive jurisdiction of the state court for the state of alabama , city of mobile , as describe in the follow paragraph . any 
 counterclaim arise out of , or in connection with , the dispute shall be bring in the same proceeding . 
 13.2 . 
 each party submit to the jurisdiction of the united states district court for the southern district of alabama . each party waif , to the 
 full extent permit by applicable law , any objection to venue in the united states district court for the southern district of alabama 
 or to or any claim of inconvenient forum of such court or of sovereign immunity . each party waif , to the full extent permit by 
 applicable law , any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any proceeding relate to this jsma . 
 13.3 . 
 arbitration . 
 13.3.1 resolution of dispute . if a dispute arise between the party , the party agree to use the follow procedure in good faith to 
 resolve such dispute promptly and non judicially . for purpose of this agreement , " dispute " shall mean any alleged material breach of 
 any representation , warranty or obligation herein , or a disagreement regard the interpretation , performance or nonperformance of 
 any provision thereof , or the validity , scope and enforceability of these dispute resolution procedure , or any dispute regard any 
 damage arise from the termination of this agreement . any party may give write notice to any other party of the existence of a 
 dispute ( a " dispute notice " ) . 
 13.3.2 negotiation . within five ( 5 ) day after delivery of any dispute notice the party involve in the dispute shall meet at a mutually 
 agreeable time and place and thereafter as often as they deem reasonably necessary to exchange relevant information and attempt in 
 good faith to negotiate a resolution of the dispute . if the dispute have not be resolve within ten ( 10 ) day after the first meeting of 
 the party , or , if the party receive the dispute notice will not meet within ten ( 10 ) day after receipt of the dispute notice , then either 
 party may , by deliver notice to the other party , commence arbitration proceeding . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 13.3.3 
 general dispute resolution provision . 
 ( a ) all deadline specify in this section 13.3 may be extend by mutual agreement . the procedure specify in this section 
 13.3 be an essential provision of this agreement and be legally bind on the party . these procedure shall be the sole and 
 exclusive procedure for the resolution of any dispute between the party arise out of or relate to this agreement . any and all 
 action to enforce the obligation under this section 13.3 shall be bring in any court specify in section 13.1 . 
 ( b ) the party acknowledge that the provision of this section 13.3 be intend to provide a private resolution of dispute 
 between they . accordingly , all document , record , and other information relate to the dispute shall at all time be maintain in the 
 strict confi- dence and not disclose to any third party , other than the arbitrator , except where specifically allow hereunder . all 
 proceeding , communication and negotiation pursuant to this section 13.3 be confidential . in the event of any judicial challenge to , 
 or enforcement of , any order or award hereunder , any party may designate such portion of the record of such proceeding , 
 communication , and negotiation as such party deem appropriate to be file under seal . all pro- ceeding , communication and 
 negotiation pursuant to this section 13.3 shall be treat as com- promise negotiation for all purpose , include for purpose of the 
 us federal rule of evidence and state rule of evidence . none of the statement , disclosure , offer , or communication ( or other 
 assertion make in any proceeding or negotiation ) make pursuant to this section 13.3 shall be deem admission , nor shall any of say 
 statement , disclosure , offer , communication or assertion be admissible for any purpose other than the enforcement of the term of 
 this section 13.3 . 
 ( c ) the party agree to act in good faith to comply with all of their respective obligation under this agreement as much as 
 possible as if there be no dispute during any pende mediation or arbitration hereunder . 
 ( d ) the party agree that the term of this section 13.3 shall survive the termination or expiration of this agreement . 
 ( e ) waiver of jury trial . the party agree to have any dispute that be not resolve pursuant to the procedure 
 establish in section 13.3(a ) - ( c ) decide by neutral arbitration as provide in this section 13.3(e ) and the party be give up any 
 right they might possess to have the dispute litigate in a court or by a jury trial . the party be give up their judicial right to 
 discovery and appeal , unless such right be specifically include in this section 13.3(e ) . the party acknowledge and agree that their 
 agreement to this arbitration provision be voluntary . for the avoidance of doubt and in furtherance of the 
 foregoing , each party hereto hereby waif and covenant that it will not assert ( whether as 
 plaintiff , defendant or otherwise ) any right to trial by jury in any forum in respect of any issue or 
 action , claim , cause of action or suit ( in contract , tort or otherwise ) , inquiry , proceeding or 
 investigation arise out of or base upon this agreement or the subject matter hereof , in each 
 case whether now exist or hereafter arise . 
 13.4 each party agree to the service of any court process by register or certify u.s . mail ( return receipt request ) or by express mail courier 
 deliver to the party at its last designate address . in 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 addition , each party agree that any other method of service allow by alabama law may be use . all process and any accompanying 
 complaint or other pleading shall be in the english language and do not require officialization . 
 13.5 the united nations convention on contract for the international sale of good of vienna 1980 shall not apply to this jsma . 
 14 . 
 merger . 
 14.1 . the jsma be a complete and exclusive statement of all term and condition govern the activity contemplate by the jsma , and 
 supersede all prior agreement between the party , write or oral , relate hereto . unless identify in the jsma ( i.e. sale agreement , 
 terminaling agreement , charter party agreement , etc . ) or subsequently document in writing , no other contract or course of deal 
 between the party , and no statement of any agent , employee or representa- tive of either party shall be admissible in construe the 
 term of the jsma . each party affirm that no representation have be make by the other party , or rely on by it , in enter into this 
 jsma . 
 15 . 
 severability of provision . 
 15.1 . the invalidity , illegality or unenforceability of any one or more of the provision of the jsma , other than the fcpa provision , shall in no 
 way affect or impair the validity and enforceability of the remain provision hereof . 
 16 . 
 notice . 
 16.1 . all notice and other communication give under the jsma shall be in writing ( include , without limitation , by fax and email ) and shall be 
 effective upon receipt by the addressee . 
 17 . 
 waiver . 
 17.1 . no failure or any delay on the part of a party exercise any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any such right . no waiver of any 
 default or breach of any provision of this jsma shall be deem a continue waiver or waiver of any other breach or default . 
 18 . 
 anti - bribery / corruption . 
 18.1 . 
 each party , and any agent or representative of any party act at such party 's direction , on such party‘s behalf , or for such party 's 
 benefit , in any way relate to this agreement ( collectively , " concerned person " ) , will be familiar with and comply with ( i ) the provision 
 of the united states foreign corrupt practice act ( 15 u.s.c.a . § § 78dcl-1 et seq . ( 1997 & supp . 2004 ) ) , include any amendment 
 which may be effect during the term hereof ( ii ) the law of the country of incor- poration of such party or such party‘s ultimate parent 
 company or the principal place of business of such ultimate parent company; or ( m ) the principle describe in the convention on 
 combat bribery of foreign public official in international business transaction sign in paris in december 19 , 1997 , which enter 
 into force on february 15 , 1999 and the convention commentary 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 or the uk bribery act 2010 . in particular , in carry out any duty under this agreement , no concerned person will make or offer to 
 make the payment of money or anything else of value to : 
 a. any government official of any country , 
 b. any political party of any country , 
 c. any candidate of any political party of any country , 
 d. any other person , while know or have reason to know , that such person will make a payment to a government official , political 
 party , or a candidate of a political party of any country . 
 18.2 . 
 any breach of this paragraph by a concerned person will result in the termination of this agreement and will obligate the return of any 
 amount pay hereunder to such concerned person . 
 19 . 
 board of director meeting . 
 during the term of this jsma , provide that bunker one , directly or indirectly , consummate the capital investment describe in the 
 term sheet , vertex shall permit a representative of bunker one , reasonably acceptable to a majority of vertex ’s board of director ( it 
 be understand that carlos g. torres , sara shipman myers and peter zachariassen meet such criterion ) , to attend all meeting of the 
 board of director of vertex and its committee ( committee defy as audit and nominating committee and any special committee 
 form to consider extraordinary transac- tion ) in a non - voting observer capacity and , in this respect , shall give such representative of 
 bunker one copy of all notice , minute , consent and other material that vertex provide to its director and committee member , 
 provide , that vertex reserve the right to withhold any in- formation and to exclude such representative from any meeting or portion 
 thereof if vertex de- termine , upon advice of counsel , such withholding or exclusion be necessary to preserve the at- torney - client 
 privilege between vertex and its counsel or would result in disclosure of trade se- cret . bunker one agree , and any representative of 
 bunker one will agree , to hold in confidence any confidential information provide to or learn by it in connection with its right 
 under this section . the confidentiality provision hereof will survive termination of the term . 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020 
 appendix a : 
 ( see intertek report of analysis to include ifo-180 , ifo-380 and dma ) 
 appendix b : storage agreement . 
 in witness whereof , the party hereto have hereby execute this agreement as of the date first write above . 
 bunker one , inc . 
 /s/ sara shipman myers 
 name : sara shipman myers 
 vertex energy operating , llc 
 name : ben cowart 
 source : vertex energy inc . , 8 - k , 1/13/2020