exhibit 10.2 
 execution version 
 non - competition and non - solicitation agreement 
 this non - competition and non - solicitation agreement ( this " agreement " ) , date as of august 1 , 2019 ( the " effective 
 date " ) , be enter into by quaker chemical corporation ( " buyer " ) , a pennsylvania corporation , gulf houghton lubricants ltd . , a company 
 incorporate in the cayman island ( " gulf houghton " ) , gulf oil international limited , a company incorporate in the cayman island ( " gulf 
 international " ) , and gocl corporation limit , a public limited company incorporate in india ( " gulf oil " and , together with gulf houghton and 
 gulf international , the " seller " and each , a " seller " ) . in addition , gulf oil lubricant india , ltd , a public limited company incorporate in india 
 ( " gulf india " ) , be execute this agreement solely for purpose of section 1(c ) [ confidentiality; non - competition; non - solicitation ] . 
 background 
 whereas , gulf houghton own 3,074,270.00 of the outstanding ordinary share ( the " share " ) in global houghton ltd . , an exempted 
 company incorporate under the law of the cayman island ( the " company”); gulf international own approximately 90 of gulf houghton; and 
 gulf oil be an indirect owner of approximately 10 of gulf houghton . 
 whereas , the company and its subsidiary be engage in the business of manufacturing , distribute and/or sell one or more of 
 the follow formulated chemical specialty product line : fire resistant hydraulic fluid , semi - synthetic and specialty metalworking fluid , cleaning 
 fluid , cold - roll oil , hot - roll oil , and specialty industrial grease ( such business , as conduct by the company and its subsidiary as of 
 the effective date , the " company business " ) . 
 whereas , buyer and its subsidiary be engage in the business of manufacturing , distribute and/or sell the follow formulate 
 chemical specialty product line or chemical management service ( " cms " ) , ( i ) roll lubricant ( use by manufacturer of steel in the hot and 
 cold rolling of steel and by manufacturer of aluminum in the hot rolling of aluminum); ( ii ) corrosion preventive ( use by steel and metalworking 
 customer generally to protect metal during manufacture , storage , and shipment); ( iii ) metal finishing compound ( use to prepare metal surface 
 for special treatment such as , but not limit to , galvanize and tin plating and to prepare metal for far processing); ( iv ) machining and 
 grind compound ( typically use by customer in cutting , shape , and grind metal part which require special treatment to enable they to 
 tolerate the manufacturing process , achieve close tolerance , and improve tool life); ( v ) forming compound ( use generally to facilitate the drawing 
 and extrusion of metal products); ( vi ) bio - lubricant ( typically use in machinery in the forestry and construction industries); ( vii ) hydraulic fluid 
 ( use generally by steel , metalworking , mining , and other customer to operate hydraulic equipment); ( viii ) chemical mill maskant for the 
 aerospace industry; ( ix ) temporary and permanent coating for metal and concrete product , tube and pipe and other applications; ( x ) 
 construction product , such as flexible sealant and protective coating , for various applications; ( xi ) various specialty grease use in automobile , 
 industrial and various other applications; ( xii ) various die cast lubricant and mold release agents; ( xiii ) various dust suppressant , ground 
 control agent and roofing product use in mining; and ( xiv ) 
 program to provide cms ( such business , as conduct by buyer and its subsidiary as of the effective date , the " exist business " and , 
 together with the company business , the " combined business " ) . 
 whereas , buyer , gulf houghton and other shareholder of the company be party to a share purchase agreement date as of april 4 , 
 2017 , under which buyer be acquire the share ( the " purchase agreement " ) . capitalize term use herein but not otherwise define herein shall 
 have the meaning give to such term in the purchase agreement . 
 whereas , seller , together with the company , have be substantially involve in and with the company ’s operation and management 
 and possess trade secret and other confidential information relate to the company business and the company ’s client , customer , vendor , 
 supplier and operation . 
 whereas , it be integral to buyer ’s acquisition of the company business and a condition precedent to the closing of the transaction 
 contemplate by the purchase agreement that the seller enter into this agreement with buyer to provide for the protection of the combine 
 business ’s customer and vendor relationship , trade secret , confidential information and other business operation . pursuant to the purchase 
 agreement , gulf houghton shall receive cash consideration and share of buyer ’s capital stock in exchange for the share own by gulf 
 houghton and as inducement for gulf houghton and the other seller to enter into this agreement . 
 now therefore , in consideration of the premise and the mutual representation , warranty , covenant and agreement contain in 
 this agreement and in the purchase agreement , the party , intend to be legally bind , agree as follow : 
 1 . confidentiality; non - competition; non - solicitation . 
 ( a ) from and after the date hereof , each seller shall , and shall cause its affiliate to , hold , and shall use its reasonable good effort 
 to cause its or their respective representative to hold , in confidence any and all information , whether write or oral , concern buyer , the 
 company and the company subsidiary , except to the extent that such seller can show that such information : ( i ) be generally available to and 
 know by the public through no fault of any seller or any of their respective affiliate or representative or ( ii ) be lawfully acquire by such seller , 
 any of its affiliate or their respective representative from and after the date hereof from source that be not prohibit from disclose such 
 information by a legal , contractual or fiduciary obligation . if any seller or any of its affiliate or their respective representative be compel to 
 disclose any information by judicial or administrative process or by other requirement of law , such seller shall promptly notify buyer in writing 
 and shall disclose only that portion of such information that such seller be advise by its counsel be legally require to be disclose , provide that 
 such seller shall use reasonable good effort to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will 
 be accord such information . 

 ( b ) each seller agree that for a period commence on the effective date and end two year after the closing date ( the " non- 
 compete period " ) , it shall not , other than solely through its direct or indirect ownership of buyer ’s capital stock or any other interest in buyer , 
 directly , or indirectly , include through or on behalf of a subsidiary , anywhere in the world , exclude india : ( i ) own , manage , operate or control any 
 business which compete with any combined business or ( ii ) be or become a shareholder , partner , member or owner of any person who be engage 
 in any combined business; provide , however that nothing in this agreement shall : 
 ( i ) prohibit or restrict any seller , directly or indirectly , from owning , as a passive investor , not more than five ( 5 ) percent 
 collectively and in the aggregate of any class of outstanding publicly trade security of any person so engaged; 
 ( ii ) prohibit or restrict any seller , directly or indirectly , from engage in such seller ’s business as conduct on the effective date 
 and reasonable extension thereof , which may include routine , day - to - day transaction with any entity , and 
 ( iii ) apply to or restrict any business of which a seller acquire control after the effective date provide that the acquire 
 business do not receive more than 25,000,000 of its aggregate net sale ( as measure during the 12 full calendar 
 month prior to such acquisition ) from product line include within the definition of company business . 
 each seller agree that this covenant be reasonable with respect to its duration , geographical area and scope . for purpose of this agreement , the 
 term " control " ( include the term " control by " and " under common control with " ) mean the possession , directly or indirectly , of the power to 
 direct or cause the direction of the management and policy of a person , whether through the ownership of vote security , by contract or 
 otherwise . 
 ( c ) gulf oil and gulf india each agree during the non - compete period not to acquire , directly or indirectly , control of any 
 business involve in , or otherwise compete with , the business of the combine business from any entity on schedule 1 hereto . 
 ( d ) each seller agree that for a period commence on the effective date and end three year after the closing date ( the 
 " non - solicit period " ) , each seller shall not , directly or indirectly : ( i ) induce , solicit , recruit or attempt to persuade any employee of the combine 
 business to terminate his or her employment with the buyer or any of its subsidiary , or ( ii ) solicit the employment of any of the employee of the 
 combine business . notwithstanding the above , seller shall not be restrict from ( 1 ) solicit for employment or hire former employee of 
 buyer or the company ( include their respective subsidiary ) whose employment be terminate by buyer or the company ( include their 
 respective subsidiary ) at least six month prior to such initial solicitation by such seller or ( 2 ) solicit employee of the combine business by 
 mean of a general solicitation through a public medium or general or mass mailing that be not specifically target at employee or former 

 employee of the combine business; provide , however , that this clause ( 2 ) shall not permit any seller to hire any such employee during the 
 non - solicit period . 
 ( e ) it be the intention of the party that the covenant contain in this section 1 shall be enforce to the great extent ( but to 
 no great extent ) in time , area and degree of participation as be permit by the law of that jurisdiction whose law be applicable to any act 
 allegedly in breach of such covenant . to this end , the party agree that the covenant contain in this section 1 shall be construe to extend in 
 time and territory and with respect to degree of participation only so far as they may be enforce in such jurisdiction , and that the covenant 
 contain in this section 1 be to that end hereby declare divisible and severable . it be the purpose of this section 1 to govern competition by 
 the seller and their respective subsidiary , the non - competition covenant contain in this section 1 shall be govern by and construe 
 accord to the law of all the jurisdiction in which competition in breach of this agreement be allege to have occur or to be threaten that 
 good give they effect . 
 2 . notice . all notice , request , consent , claim , demand , waiver and other communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be 
 deem to have be give : ( a ) when deliver by hand ( with write confirmation of receipt); ( b ) when receive by the addressee if send by a 
 nationally recognize overnight courier ( receipt requested); ( c ) on the date send by facsimile or e - mail of a pdf document ( with confirmation of 
 transmission ) if send during normal business hour of the recipient , and on the next business day if send after normal business hour of the 
 recipient or ( d ) on the third day after the date mail , by certify or registered mail , return receipt request , postage prepay . such communication 
 must be send to the respective party at the follow address ( or at such other address for a party as shall be specify in a notice give in 
 accordance with this section 2 ): 
 to the buyer : 
 quaker chemical corporation 
 one quaker park 
 901 e. hector street 
 conshohocken , pa 19428 - 2380 
 facsimile : 
 ( 610 ) 832 - 4496 
 e - mail : 
 traubrquakerchem.com 
 attention : 
 robert t. traub 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 drinker , biddle & reath llp 
 one logan square 
 suite 2000 
 philadelphia , pennsylvania 19103 
 facsimile : 
 ( 215 ) 988 - 2757 
 e - mail : 
 douglas.raymonddbr.com 
 attention : 
 f. douglas raymond , iii 

 if to any of the seller : 
 gulf houghton lubricants ltd . 
 whitehall house , 238 north church street , p.o . box 1043 , george town grand cayman 
 ky1 - 1102 cayman island 
 facsimile : 
 ( 305 ) 675 - 2619 
 email : 
 sandraaccla.im 
 attention : 
 sandra georgeson 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 mayer brown llp 
 1221 avenue of the america 
 new york , new york 10020 
 facsimile : 
 ( 212 ) 849 - 5914 
 e - mail : 
 rwheelermayerbrown.com 
 attention : 
 reb d. wheeler 
 3 . successor and assign . this agreement shall be bind upon and inure to the benefit of the party and their respective successor 
 and permit assigns; provide that this agreement shall not be assignable or otherwise transferable by any party without the prior write 
 consent of the other party ( which consent shall not be unreasonably withhold or delay ) and any purport assignment or transfer without such 
 consent shall be null and void . no assignment shall relieve the assign party of any of its obligation hereunder . 
 4 . govern law . 
 ( a ) this agreement shall be govern by and construe in accordance with the internal law of 
 the commonwealth of pennsylvania without give effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule 
 ( whether of the commonwealth of pennsylvania or any other jurisdiction ) . 
 ( b ) any legal suit , action or proceeding arise out of or base upon this agreement , the other 
 transaction document or the transaction contemplate hereby or thereby may be institute in the federal 
 court of the united states of america or the court of the commonwealth of pennsylvania in each case 
 locate in the city of philadelphia and county of philadelphia , and each party irrevocably submit to the 
 exclusive jurisdiction of such court in any such suit , action or proceeding . service of process , summon , notice 
 or other document by mail to such party ’s address set forth herein shall be effective service of process for any 
 suit , action or other proceeding bring in any such court . the 

 party irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit , action or any 
 proceeding in such court and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any 
 such suit , action or proceeding bring in any such court have be bring in an inconvenient forum . 
 ( c ) each party acknowledge and agree that any controversy which may arise under this 
 agreement or the other transaction document be likely to involve complicated and difficult issue and , 
 therefore , each such party irrevocably and unconditionally waive any right it may have to a trial by jury in 
 respect of any legal action arise out of or relate to this agreement , the other transaction document or 
 the transaction contemplate hereby or thereby . each party to this agreement certifie and acknowledge 
 that ( a ) no representative of any other party have represent , expressly or otherwise , that such other party 
 would not seek to enforce the forego waiver in the event of a legal action , ( b ) such party have consider the 
 implication of this waiver , ( c ) such party make this waiver voluntarily and ( d ) such party have be induce to 
 enter into this agreement by , among other thing , the mutual waiver and certification in this section 4(c ) 
 [ govern law ] . 
 5 . injunctive relief; attorney fee . each seller agree that in the event of a breach of this agreement , the damage to buyer will be 
 inestimable and that therefore any remedy at law or in monetary damage shall be inadequate . accordingly , the party agree that buyer shall , in 
 addition to monetary damage incur by reason of any such breach or potential breach , without the necessity of post any bond or similar 
 instrument ( and seller hereby irrevocably waive any right it may have to require the obtaining , furnish or post of any such bond or similar 
 instrument ) be entitle to seek injunctive relief ( include specific performance ) against the seller for breach of this agreement . if any action or 
 proceeding shall be commence to enforce this agreement or any right arise in connection with this agreement , the prevail party in such 
 action or proceeding shall be entitle to recover from the other party the reasonable attorney ’ fee , cost and expense incur by such 
 prevail party in connection with such action or proceeding . 
 6 . entire agreement . this agreement and the other transaction document to which the party hereto be party constitute the sole and 
 entire agreement of the party to this agreement with respect to the subject matter contain herein and therein , and supersede all prior and 
 contemporaneous understanding and agreement , both write and oral , with respect to such subject matter . 
 7 . amendment waiver , etc . no amendment , modification or discharge of this agreement , and no waiver hereunder , shall be valid or 
 binding unless set forth in writing and duly execute by the party against whom enforcement of the amendment , modification , discharge or waiver 
 be seek . any such waiver shall constitute a waiver only with respect to the 

 specific matter describe in such writing and shall in no way impair the right of the party grant such waiver in any other respect or at any other 
 time . neither the waiver by a party of a breach of or a default under any of the provision of this agreement , nor the failure by any party , on one or 
 more occasion , to enforce any of the provision of this agreement or to exercise any right or privilege hereunder , shall be construe as a waiver of 
 any other breach or default of a similar nature , or as a waiver of any of such provision , right or privilege hereunder . the right and remedy 
 herein provide be cumulative and none be exclusive of any other , or of any right or remedy that any party may otherwise have at law or in 
 equity . 
 8 . severability . if any term or provision of this agreement be invalid , illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction , such invalidity , illegality or 
 unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any 
 other jurisdiction . upon such determination that any term or other provision be invalid , illegal or unenforceable , the party hereto shall negotiate in 
 good faith to modify this agreement so as to effect the original intent of the party as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order 
 that the transaction contemplate hereby be consummate as originally contemplate to the great extent possible . 
 9 . counterparts; effectiveness; third party beneficiary . this agreement may be execute in counterpart , each of which shall be deem 
 an original and both of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument . this agreement shall become effective when each party shall 
 have receive a counterpart hereof sign by the other party . until and unless each party have receive a counterpart hereof sign by the other 
 party , this agreement shall have no effect and none of the party shall have any right or obligation hereunder ( whether by virtue of any other oral 
 or write agreement or other communication ) . facsimile , e - mail transmission of .pdf signature or other electronic copy of signature shall be 
 deem to be original counterpart . no provision of this agreement be intend to confer any right , benefit , remedy , obligation or liability 
 hereunder upon any person other than the party and their respective successor and permit assign . 
 10 . cooperation; further assurance . each of the party shall execute such further instrument and take such other action as the other 
 party shall reasonably request in order to effectuate the purpose of this agreement . 
 11 . interpretation . the word " hereof " , " herein " and " hereunder " and word of like import use in this agreement shall refer to this 
 agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this agreement . the caption herein be include for convenience of reference only 
 and shall be ignore in the construction or interpretation hereof . reference to section be to section of this agreement unless otherwise 
 specify . any singular term in this agreement shall be deem to include the plural , and any plural term the singular . whenever the word 
 " include " , " include " or " include " be use in this agreement , they shall be deem to be follow by the word " without limitation " , whether or 
 not they be in fact follow by those word or word of like import . " write " , " write " and comparable term refer to printing , typing and other 
 mean of reproduce word ( include electronic medium ) in a visible form . reference to any person include the successor and permit assign 
 of that person . reference from or through any date mean , unless otherwise specify , from and include or through and include , respectively . 

 any reference to " day " mean calendar day unless business day be expressly specify . if any action under this agreement be require to be 
 do or take on a day that be not a business day , then such action shall be require to be do or take not on such day but on the first 
 succeed business day thereafter . the heading in this agreement be for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this 
 agreement . 
 [ signature page follow ] 

 in witness whereof , each of the party have duly execute this agreement as of the effective date . 
 quaker chemical corporation 
 by : 
 /s/ robert t. traub 
 name : robert t. traub 
 title : 
 vice president , general counsel and corporate secretary 
 [ signature page to non - competition and non - solicitation agreement ] 
 gulf houghton lubricants ltd . 
 by : 
 /s/ sandra georgeson 
 name : sandra georgeson 
 title : 
 director 
 [ signature page to non - competition and non - solicitation agreement ] 
 gulf oil international , ltd . 
 by : 
 /s/ benjamin booker 
 name : benjamin booker 
 title : 
 director 
 [ signature page to non - competition and non - solicitation agreement ] 
 gocl corporation limit 
 by : 
 /s/ subha pramanik 
 name : subha pramanik 
 title : 
 managing director 
 [ signature page to non - competition and non - solicitation agreement ] 
 gulf oil lubricant india , ltd . 
 by : 
 /s/ ravi chawla 
 name : ravi chawla 
 title : 
 managing director 
 [ signature page to non - competition and non - solicitation agreement ]