exhibit 10.1 
 certain portion of this exhibit have be omit pursuant to rule 601(b)(10 ) of regulation s - k. the omit information be ( i ) not material 
 and ( ii ) would likely cause competitive harm to the company if publicly disclose . information that have be omit have be note in this 
 document with a placeholder identify by the mark " [ ] " . 
 execution copy 
 promotion agreement 
 by and between 
 siga technology , inc . 
 and 
 meridian medical technologies , inc . , 
 a pfizer company 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 table of content 
 page 
 article 1 definition 

 article 2 grant of right 

 2.1 
 grant of right to mmt 

 2.2 
 negative covenant 

 2.3 
 non - compete covenant 

 2.4 
 retain right 

 2.5 
 no imply license 

 2.6 
 [ ] 

 article 3 governance 

 3.1 
 joint steering committee 

 3.2 
 good faith 

 3.3 
 scope of governance 

 article 4 promotion and other commercialization 

 4.1 
 promotion in the territory 

 4.2 
 diligence 

 4.3 
 customer contract 

 4.4 
 regulatory matter 

 4.5 
 discontinue country 

 article 5 forecasting and order 

 5.1 
 product forecast 

 5.2 
 purchase order 

 5.3 
 delivery 

 5.4 
 supply limitation 

 5.5 
 supply penalty 

 5.6 
 adverse event report 

 article 6 payment 

 6.1 
 promotion fee 

 6.2 
 payment 

 6.3 
 currency 

 6.4 
 record 

 6.5 
 audit 

 6.6 
 block payment and indemnification 

 6.7 
 source of recovery 

 6.8 
 taxis 

 article 7 intellectual property 

 7.1 
 ownership of siga intellectual property 

 7.2 
 intellectual property maintenance 

 7.3 
 new patent and trademark 

 -i- 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 table of content 
 ( continue ) 
 page 
 article 8 representation and warranties; covenant 

 8.1 
 mutual representation and warranty 

 8.2 
 additional representation , warranty and covenant of siga 

 8.3 
 additional representation and warranty of mmt 

 8.4 
 covenant 

 8.5 
 no other representation or warranty 

 article 9 indemnification 

 9.1 
 indemnification by siga 

 9.2 
 indemnification by mmt 

 9.3 
 indemnification procedure 

 9.4 
 insurance 

 9.5 
 limitation of liability 

 article 10 confidentiality 

 10.1 
 confidentiality 

 10.2 
 authorize disclosure 

 10.3 
 technical publication 

 10.4 
 publicity; term of agreement 

 10.5 
 prior confidentiality agreement 

 10.6 
 return of confidential information 

 10.7 
 unauthorized use 

 10.8 
 exclusive property 

 article 11 term and termination 

 11.1 
 term 

 11.2 
 termination for cause 

 11.3 
 termination upon certain change of control 

 11.4 
 termination for failure to [ ] 

 11.5 
 termination for convenience 

 11.6 
 effect of termination 

 11.7 
 survival 

 article 12 dispute resolution 

 12.1 
 executive officer resolution 

 12.2 
 govern law 

 12.3 
 jurisdiction 

 12.4 
 no jury trial 

 article 13 miscellaneous 

 13.1 
 entire agreement; amendment 

 13.2 
 force majeure 

 -ii- 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 table of content 
 ( continue ) 
 .3 
 notice 

 13.4 
 no strict construction; interpretation; heading 

 13.5 
 assignment 

 13.6 
 performance by affiliate 

 13.7 
 further assurance and action 

 13.8 
 severability 

 13.9 
 no waiver 

 13.10 
 relationship of the party 

 13.11 
 english language 

 13.12 
 counterpart 

 13.13 
 schedule 

 13.14 
 expense 

 exhibit a 
 permit subcontractor 
 exhibit b 
 business plan 
 exhibit c 
 siga press release 
 schedule 1 
 siga patent 
 schedule 2 
 siga trademark 
 schedule 3 
 safety reporting requirement 
 schedule 8.2(b ) 
 encumbrance 
 -iii- 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 promotion agreement 
 this promotion agreement ( this " agreement " ) be enter into as of may 31 , 2019 ( the " effective date " ) by and between siga 
 technology , inc . , a delaware corporation have an address at 31 east 62nd street , new york , ny 10065 ( " siga " ) , and meridian medical 
 technology , inc . , a pfizer company , and delaware corporation have an address at 6350 steven forest road , suite 301 , columbia , md 21046 
 ( " mmt " ) . siga and mmt be sometimes refer to individually as a " party " and collectively as the " party " . 
 recital 
 whereas , siga develop the fda - approve oral capsule formulation of tpoxx ® ( tecovirimat ) for the treatment of smallpox; 
 whereas , mmt possess resource and expertise in the marketing , promote , advertising , offer for sale and selling of 
 pharmaceutical and antiviral products; and 
 whereas , mmt desire to obtain from siga , and siga desire to grant to mmt certain exclusive license in the territory to market , 
 promote , advertise , offer for sale and sell the product in the field in the territory , as set forth herein . 
 now , therefore , in consideration of the foregoing premise and the mutual promise , covenant and condition contain in this 
 agreement , the party hereby agree as follow : 
 article 1 
 definition 
 " active country " have the meaning set forth in section 4.4(b ) . 
 " affiliate " mean , with respect to each party , any corporation , firm , partnership or other entity or person which directly or indirectly 
 control or be control by or be under common control with that party . a person will be regard as in " control " ( include , with correlative 
 meaning , the term " control by " and " under common control with " ) of another person if it ( a ) own or control at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the 
 equity security of the subject person entitle to vote in the election of director , or ( b ) possess , directly or indirectly , the power to direct or 
 cause the direction of the management or policy of any such person ( whether through ownership of security or other ownership interest , by 
 contract or otherwise ) . 
 " alliance manager " have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(d ) . 
 " anti - corruption law " mean any applicable law of any jurisdiction concern or relate to bribery , kickback or corruption include 
 the united states foreign corrupt practice act of 1977 , the anti - kickback statute , the uk bribery act 2010 , any law enact pursuant to the 
 oecd convention on combat bribery of foreign public official , and other similar anti - corruption legislation in other jurisdiction , as may be 
 amend from time to time and each to the extent applicable to a party . 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " audit report " have the meaning set forth in section 6.5 . 
 " bankruptcy code " mean , as applicable , the u.s . bankruptcy code , as amend from time to time , and the rule and regulation and 
 guideline promulgate thereunder or the bankruptcy law of any other country or governmental authority , as amend from time to time , and the 
 rule and regulation and guideline promulgate thereunder . 
 " bind portion of forecast " have the meaning set forth in section 5.1(a ) . 
 " business day " mean any day other than a day on which the commercial bank in new york city be authorize or require to be close . 
 " business plan " have the meaning set forth in section 4.1(a ) . 
 " calendar quarter " mean a period of three ( 3 ) consecutive month end on the last day of march , june , september , or december , 
 respectively , except that the first calendar quarter of the term shall commence on the effective date and end on june 30 , 2019 and the last calendar 
 quarter shall end on the last day of the term . 
 " calendar year " mean a period of twelve ( 12 ) consecutive month begin on january 1 and end on december 31 , except that the 
 first calendar year of the term shall commence on the effective date and end on december 31 of the year in which the effective date occur and the 
 last calendar year of the term shall commence on january 1 of the year in which the term end and end on the last day of the term . 
 " change of control " mean , with respect to either party , [ ] . 
 " claim " have the meaning set forth in section 9.1 . 
 " commercialize " mean to promote , distribute , obtain pricing approval and reimbursement approval , import , export and/or conduct 
 other commercialization activity , and " commercialization " mean commercialization activity relate to a product , include any and all activity 
 relate to promote , distribute , obtain pricing approval and reimbursement approval , import and export . " commercialize " or 
 " commercialization " shall expressly exclude " develop " or " development " . 
 " commercially reasonable effort " mean , with respect to the effort to be expend by any person with respect to any objective , 
 reasonable , diligent and good faith effort to accomplish such objective . with respect to the promotion or other exploitation of the product , 
 " commercially reasonable effort " mean [ ] . 
 " compete product " mean [ ] . 
 " compliance communication " have the meaning set forth in section 8.2(x)(i ) . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " confidential information " of a party mean ( a ) any and all information of such party or its affiliate that be provide or disclose by such 
 party or its affiliate to the other party or its affiliate under this agreement , whether in oral , write , graphic , or electronic form , and ( b ) the term 
 of this agreement . 
 " control " mean , with respect to any material , know - how , or intellectual property right , that a party ( a ) own or ( b ) have a license ( other 
 than a license grant to such party under this agreement ) or other right to such material , know - how , or intellectual property right , and in each 
 case , have the ability to grant to the other party access , a license , sublicense or other right ( as applicable ) to the foregoing on the term and 
 condition set forth in this agreement without violate the term of any then - exist agreement or other arrangement with any third party . 
 " credit amount " have the meaning set forth in section 6.1(b ) . 
 " customer " mean a third party that have enter into a customer contract with mmt . 
 " customer contract notice " have the meaning set forth in section 4.3(b ) . 
 " customer contract " have the meaning set forth in section 4.3(a ) . 
 " delivery date " shall mean the date set forth in each purchase order by which siga be to deliver the product order thereunder , which 
 date shall not be any early than the correspond lead time set forth in the applicable purchase order . 
 " develop " or " development " mean any and all activity relate to research or develop ( include synthesizing , screening , testing 
 or evaluate ) , prepare and conduct non - clinical study , prepare and conduct clinical study , and conduct certain regulatory 
 activity ( include preparation of regulatory application ) that be necessary or useful to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of the product 
 in any country in the territory . " develop " or " development " may include " manufacture " or " manufacturing " but shall expressly exclude 
 " commercialize " or " commercialization " . 
 " discontinue country " have the meaning set forth in section 4.2 . 
 " dollar " or " " mean u.s . dollar . 
 " ema " mean the european medicine agency or any successor entity . 
 [ ] 
 " eu " mean the economic , scientific and political organization of member state of the european union as it may be constitute from time 
 to time , which as of the effective date consist of austria , belgium , bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , the czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , 
 france , germany , greece , hungary , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , the netherlands , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , 
 slovenia , spain , sweden , and the united kingdom . for clarity , the eu will at all time be deem to include the united kingdom , whether or not the 
 united kingdom remain a member state of the eu . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " executive officer " have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(e ) . 
 " expand field " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(c ) . 
 " fd&c act " mean the u.s . federal food , drug , and cosmetic act , as amend . 
 " fda " mean the u.s . food and drug administration or any successor entity . 
 " field " mean [ ] . 
 " final audit report " have the meaning set forth in section 6.5 . 
 " final report " have the meaning set forth in section 6.2(b ) . 
 " first commercial sale " mean the date of the first sale of the product in the field in a country in the territory to a third party for 
 monetary value and for end use , include stockpiling , administration , or other consumption of the product in the field in such country in the 
 territory . 
 " gcp " mean the then - current standard , practice and procedure promulgate or endorse by the fda as set forth in the guideline 
 entitle " guidance for industry e6 good clinical practice : consolidated guidance , " include related regulatory requirement impose by the fda 
 and , as applicable , comparable regulatory standard , practice and procedure promulgate by the ema or other regulatory authority , as such 
 standard , practice and procedure may be update from time to time , include applicable quality guideline promulgate under the ich q7 . 
 " global trade control law " mean the u.s . export administration regulation , the u.s . international traffic in arm regulations; the 
 u.s . economic sanction rule and regulation implement under statutory authority and/or the president 's executive order and administer by 
 the u.s . department of the treasury office of foreign asset control; eu council regulation on export control , include no.428/2009; other eu 
 council sanction law and regulation , as implement in eu member state and enforce by eu member state authority , include her 
 majesty ’s treasury in the united kingdom; united nations sanction policies; all relevant regulation and legislative instrument make under any 
 of the above; other relevant economic sanction , export and import control law , and other law , regulation , legislation , order and requirement 
 impose by a relevant governmental authority . 
 " glp " mean the then - current good laboratory practice standard promulgate or endorse by the fda as define in 21 c. f. r. part 58 , 
 and , as applicable , comparable regulatory standard promulgate by the ema or other regulatory authority , as such standard may be update 
 from time to time , include applicable quality guideline promulgate under the ich . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " gmp " mean the standard relate to current good manufacturing practice for fine chemical , active pharmaceutical ingredient , 
 intermediate , bulk product or finished pharmaceutical product set forth in ( i ) 21 u.s . c. 351(a)(2)(b ) , in fda regulation at 21 c. f. r. part 210 
 and 211 and , as applicable , in the rule govern medicinal product in the european community , volume iv , good manufacturing practice for 
 medicinal product , or ( ii ) the ich guideline relate to the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished pharmaceutical , as such 
 standard may be update from time to time , include applicable quality guideline promulgate under the ich . 
 " governmental authority " mean any supra - national , multi - national , federal , state , local , municipal , provincial or other governmental 
 authority or political subdivision of any nature ( include any governmental division , prefecture , subdivision , department , agency , bureau , branch , 
 office , public - institution , commission , council , court or other tribunal exercise executive , judicial , legislative , police , regulatory , administrative or 
 tax authority or function of any nature pertain to government ) . 
 " ich " mean the international council for harmonisation of technical requirement for pharmaceutical for human use . 
 " indemnify party " have the meaning set forth in section 9.3 . 
 " indemnify party " have the meaning set forth in section 9.3 . 
 " independent auditor " have the meaning set forth in section 6.5 . 
 " initial business plan " have the meaning set forth in section 4.1(a ) . 
 " initial term " have the meaning set forth in section 11.1 . 
 " jsc " have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(a ) . 
 " know - how " mean all technical , scientific and other information , know - how and datum , include trade secret , knowledge , invention , 
 discovery , method , specification , process , practice , formulae , instruction , skill , technique , procedure , experience , idea , technical 
 assistance , design , drawing , assembly procedure , computer program , expertise , technology , other non - clinical , pre - clinical and clinical datum , 
 documentation and result ( include pharmacological , toxicological , pharmaceutical , biological , chemical , physical , safety and manufacturing datum 
 and result ) , analytical , regulatory and quality control datum and result , regulatory material , study design , protocol , assay , biological 
 methodology and other technical information , in each case , whether or not confidential , proprietary , patented or patentable . " know - how " 
 expressly exclude any patent . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " law " mean any law , statute , rule , regulation , standard , order , judgment or ordinance have the effect of law of any applicable national , 
 federal , provincial , state , county , city , or other political subdivision , or foreign , supranational or multinational law , include any statute , standard , 
 code , resolution , or promulgation , or any order , writ , judgment , injunction , decree , stipulation , ruling , determination , or award enter by or with any 
 governmental authority , or any license , franchise , permit , or similar right grant under any of the foregoing , or any similar provision have the 
 force or effect of law , include the federal food , drug , and cosmetic act ( 21 u.s.c . § 301 , et seq . ) , the anti - kickback statute ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a- 
 7b ) , the civil monetary penalty statute ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7a ) , the false claim act ( 31 u.s.c . § 3729 et seq . ) , comparable state statute , the 
 regulation promulgate under all such statute , and the regulation issue by the fda , and all applicable anti - corruption law , accounting and 
 recordkeeping law , and law relate to interaction with hcp and government official . for the avoidance of doubt , any specific reference to 
 any law or applicable law or any portion thereof shall be deem to include all then - current amendment thereto or any replacement or successor 
 law , statute , standard , ordinance , code , rule , regulation , resolution , promulgation , order , writ , judgment , injunction , decree , stipulation , ruling , or 
 determination thereto . 
 " loss " have the meaning set forth in section 9.1 . 
 " manufacture " or " manufacturing " mean all activity relate to the manufacturing of a compound or product , include test method 
 development and stability testing , formulation , process development , manufacture scale - up , manufacture for use in non - clinical and clinical 
 study , manufacture for commercial sale , packaging , release of product , quality assurance / quality control development , quality control testing 
 ( include in - process , in - process release and stability testing ) and release of product or any component or ingredient thereof , and regulatory 
 activity relate to all of the foregoing . " manufacture " or " manufacturing " may be include as part of " develop " or " development " to the extent 
 applicable , but be expressly exclude from " commercialize " or " commercialization " . 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 " mmt indemnitee " have the meaning set forth in section 9.1 . 
 " mmt promotion personnel " any employee of mmt or its affiliate and other approve third party contractor , agent and personnel 
 and permit sublicensee , that mmt will assign to conduct promotion pursuant to this agreement . 
 " net product sale amount " mean [ ] 
 " non - compliance action " have the meaning set forth in section 8.2(x)(ii ) . 
 " non - promotion notice " have the meaning set forth in section 4.2 . 
 " notice of disagreement " have the meaning set forth in section 6.5 . 
 " notice of dispute " have the meaning set forth in section 12.1(a ) . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " patent " mean ( a ) pende patent application , issue patent , utility model and design patent anywhere in the world; ( b ) 
 provisional , non - provisional , reissue , substitution , confirmation , registration , validation , re - examination , addition , continuation , 
 continue prosecution application , continuation - in - part , or divisional of or to any of the foregoing; ( c ) any other patent application claim 
 priority to any of the foregoing anywhere in the world; ( d ) extension , renewal or restoration of any of the foregoing by exist or future extension , 
 renewal or restoration mechanism , include supplementary protection certificate or the equivalent thereof; and ( e ) any foreign equivalent to 
 any of the foregoing . 
 " pdf " mean adobe ™ portable document format send by electronic mail . 
 " permit sublicensee " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(b ) . 
 " person " mean an individual , sole proprietorship , partnership , limited partnership , limited liability partnership , corporation , limited liability 
 company , business trust , joint stock company , trust , incorporate association , joint venture or similar entity or organization , include a 
 government or political subdivision or department or agency of a government or other governmental authority . 
 " pfizer " mean pfizer inc . , a delaware corporation . 
 " potential new field " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(c ) . 
 " pricing and reimbursement authority " mean , as applicable , the body with the authority to control , approve , recommend , decide , or 
 otherwise determine pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical product , include those with authority to enter into risk sharing scheme or to 
 impose retroactive price reduction , discount , or rebate ( include the national institute for health and care excellence and the scottish 
 medicine consortium in the u.k.; the institute for quality and efficiency in health care in germany; the technical scientific commission and the 
 price and reimbursement committee within the italian medicine agency in italy; the directorate general for the basic portfolio of the national 
 health and pharmacy system of the ministry of health in spain; the national union of health insurance fund and the national authority of 
 health in france; and health canada in canada ) or non - governmental authority ( include " sick fund " in germany ) ) . 
 " price approval " mean the approval , agreement , determination or decision establish price for product that can be charge in 
 country where governmental authority or their designee control , approve , recommend , decide , or otherwise determine the price of 
 pharmaceutical product . 
 " product " mean the fda - approve oral formulation of tpoxx ® ( tecovirimat ) for use in the field , or any oral formulation of tecovirimat 
 for use in the field for which a regulatory authority grant drug approval to siga in a country or jurisdiction in the territory . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " promote " or " promotion " mean to market , advertise , promote , offer for sale , or sell a product . 
 " promotion fee " have the meaning set forth in section 6.1(a ) . 
 " purchase order " shall mean a write purchase order generate by mmt for product to be deliver pursuant to customer contract 
 which include the information set forth in section 5.2(a ) . 
 " quarterly collect revenue " mean net product sale amount that be collect during the applicable calendar quarter . 
 " quarterly payment " have the meaning set forth in section 6.2(a ) . 
 " quarterly report " have the meaning set forth in section 6.2(a ) . 
 " regulatory approval " mean , with respect to the product in a particular country in the territory , marketing authorization grant by the 
 relevant regulatory authority permit the marketing and sale of the product in such country but exclude any and all pricing approval and 
 reimbursement approval . 
 " regulatory authority " mean , in a particular country , the governmental authority with the authority to grant regulatory approval in 
 such country . 
 " regulatory material " mean any documentation comprise any regulatory application , submission , notification , communication , 
 correspondence , proof of approval or license , registration , regulatory approval or other filing make to , receive from or otherwise conduct with 
 a regulatory authority to develop , manufacture , market , sell or otherwise commercialize the product in a particular country in the territory . 
 " reimbursement approval " mean the approval , agreement , determination or decision regard the price for product that can be 
 reimburse in jurisdiction where the applicable pricing and reimbursement authority approve , determine or recommend the reimbursement of 
 pharmaceutical product . 
 " renewal term " have the meaning set forth in section 11.1 . 
 " restrict market " mean , as applicable under global trade control law , the crimean peninsula , cuba , iran , north korea , and syria . 
 " restricted party " mean any individual(s ) or entity(ie ) on any of the following ( collectively refer to herein as the " restricted party 
 list " ): the list of sanctioned entity maintain by the un; the specially designate national list and the sectoral sanction identification list , 
 as administer by the u.s . department of the treasury office of foreign asset control; the u.s . deny person list , the u.s . entity list , and the 
 u.s . unverified list , all administer by the u.s . department of commerce; the entity subject to restrictive measure and the consolidated list of 
 person , group and entity subject to e.u . financial sanction , as implement by the e.u . common foreign & security policy; the list of 
 exclude individual / entity , as publish by the u.s . health and human service - office of inspector general; any list of prohibit or 
 debarred party establish under the u.s . federal food drug and cosmetic act; the list of person and entity suspend or debar from 
 contracting with the u.s . government; and similar list of restrict party maintain by the governmental authority of the country that have 
 jurisdiction over the activity conduct under this agreement . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " restrict party list " have the meaning set forth in the definition of restricted party . 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 " rolling forecast " have the meaning set forth in section 5.1(a ) . 
 " sec " have the meaning set forth in section 10.4(d ) . 
 " sell or offer to sell " mean actual negotiation of term of purchase and contracting for sale of product in the field in the territory . 
 " sell party " have the meaning set forth in the definition of net product sale amount . 
 " siga indemnitee " have the meaning set forth in section 9.2 . 
 " siga intellectual property " mean the siga know - how , siga trademark , siga patent and siga invention . 
 " siga know - how " mean all know - how that ( a ) be necessary or useful for the development , manufacture or commercialization of the 
 product in the field in the territory and ( b ) ( i ) be control by siga or its affiliate as of the effective date or ( ii ) be or becomes control by siga 
 or its affiliate during the term . 
 " siga patent " mean any patent that ( a ) claim , generically or specifically , the product , or the manufacture or use of the product in the 
 field ( include its intermediate and relevant compound ) and ( b)(i ) be control by siga or its affiliate as of the effective date , which such 
 patent be set forth in schedule 1 hereto , ( ii ) be control by siga or its affiliate during the term and claim priority to the patent control by 
 siga or its affiliate as of the effective date , or ( iii ) be or becomes control by siga or its affiliate during the term . 
 " siga trademark " mean any trademark that ( a ) be necessary for the development , manufacture or commercialization of a product in the 
 field in the territory and ( b ) ( i ) be control by siga or its affiliate as of the effective date ( which such trademark be set forth in schedule 2 
 hereto ) or ( ii ) be or becomes control by siga or its affiliate during the term . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 " siga ’s auditor " have the meaning set forth in section 6.5 . 
 " south korea " mean south korea , include all of its territory and possession . 
 " special access approval " have the meaning set forth in section 4.4(b ) . 
 " supply limitation " have the meaning set forth in section 5.4 . 
 " supply term " mean [ ] . 
 " term " have the meaning set forth in section 11.1 . 
 " territory " mean all country and territory in the world other than ( a ) the u.s . , ( b ) south korea , ( c ) any restricted market , and ( d ) any 
 discontinue country and , in the case of ( a)-(c ) , each of their respective territory and possession . 
 " third party " mean any person other than siga or mmt or an affiliate of either of they . 
 " tier 1 country " mean [ ] . 
 " tier 2 country " mean [ ] . 
 " tier 3 country " mean [ ] . 
 " tier period " have the meaning set forth in section 4.2 . 
 " trademark " mean any trademark , service mark , trade name , brand name , sub - brand name , trade dress , product configuration , program 
 name , product name , delivery form name , certification mark , collective mark , logo , tagline , slogan , design or business symbol , that function as an 
 identifier of source or origin , whether or not register and all statutory and common law right therein and all registration and application 
 therefor , together with all goodwill associate with , or symbolize by , any of the foregoing . 
 " u.s . " mean the united states of america , include all of its territory and possession . 
 " vat " have the meaning set forth in section 6.8(c ) . 
 " yearly collect revenue " mean net product sale amount that be collect during the applicable calendar year . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 article 2 
 grant of right 
 2.1 grant of right to mmt . 
 ( a ) grant to mmt . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , siga hereby grant to mmt an exclusive right and 
 license , with the right to grant sublicense as permit under section 2.1(b ) , under the siga intellectual property solely to promote the product in 
 the field in the territory . the license grant by siga to mmt under this section 2.1(a ) will be exclusive even as to siga with respect to right to 
 promote the product in the field in the territory , except as set forth in section 2.4 below . 
 ( b ) sublicense right . except for the subcontractor appoint by mmt as of the effective date as list on exhibit a attach 
 hereto , mmt may not grant sublicense of the right and license grant to it in section 2.1(a ) to any affiliate ( include pfizer or any affiliate of 
 pfizer ) or third party without the prior write approval of siga ( such approval not to be unreasonably withhold ) . each such subcontractor list 
 on exhibit a attach hereto and any affiliate or third party approve by siga as an mmt sublicensee pursuant to this section 2.1(b ) shall be 
 deem to be a " permit sublicensee " for purpose of this agreement . 
 ( c ) potential new field . from time to time , mmt may request to expand the field in a particular country in the territory because it 
 believe that there be an opportunity to promote the product in such new field ( a " potential new field " ) . mmt shall make such request to siga in 
 writing . siga will determine whether to approve such potential new field , base upon available information regard the regulatory environment 
 in such country for such potential new field , and whether siga will need to seek regulatory approval and pricing approval and reimbursement 
 approval . the party shall discuss the potential new field in good faith and upon the mutual write agreement of the party to proceed with a 
 potential new field in such country , such potential new field shall be deem hereunder to be an " expand field " for purpose of that country 
 only in the territory . 
 2.2 negative covenant . 
 ( a ) mmt will not , and will not permit any of its affiliate or sublicensee to , use or practice any siga intellectual property 
 outside the scope of the license grant to it under section 2.1 . 
 ( b ) siga will not , and will not permit any of its affiliate or licensee to , promote the product in the field in the territory , except 
 as set forth in section 2.4 . 
 2.3 non - compete covenant . during the term , mmt shall not commercialize in any manner any compete product in the field in any 
 country in the territory; provide , however , the party hereby acknowledge that the restriction set forth in this section 2.3 shall not apply to any 
 affiliate of mmt ( include pfizer ) . furthermore , [ ] . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 2.4 retain right . notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , siga retain the right on behalf of itself and its affiliate , licensee 
 or any third party to develop , manufacture , supply , distribute and otherwise commercialize the product in field the territory , except that siga 
 may not promote or sell or offer to sell the product in the field in the territory to any third party; provide that siga may , at its sole cost and 
 discretion engage in promotional activity regard ( but not enter into any customer contract in respect of ) the product in support of mmt ’s 
 effort to promote or sell and offer to sell the product . 
 2.5 no imply license . except as explicitly set forth in this agreement , neither party will be deem by estoppel or implication to have 
 grant the other party any license or other right to any intellectual property of such party . for clarity , mmt acknowledge and agree that siga 
 have not grant any license to mmt hereunder to develop or manufacture the product , and mmt do not have any right to commercialize the 
 product , other than the license grant by siga to mmt to promote the product in the field in the territory as set forth in section 2.1(a ) . 
 2.6 [ ] . 
 ( a ) [ ] . 
 article 3 
 governance 
 3.1 joint steering committee . 
 ( a ) formation and role . within thirty ( 30 ) day after the effective date , the party will establish a joint steering committee ( the 
 " jsc " ) to govern the activity of the party with respect to the promotion and commercialization of the product in the field in the territory 
 pursuant to this agreement . the role of the jsc be : 
 [ ] 
 ( b ) member . [ ] . 
 ( c ) meeting . [ ] . 
 ( d ) alliance manager . [ ] . 
 ( e ) decision making . [ ] . 
 3.2 good faith . in conduct themselves on any committee , each representative of either party , include the chairperson , will consider 
 diligently , reasonably and in good faith all input receive from the other party , and will use commercially reasonably effort to reach consensus on 
 all matter before they . in exercise any decision - make authority grant to it under this article 3 , each party will conduct its discussion in 
 good faith with a view toward operate for the mutual benefit of the party and in furtherance of the commercialization and promotion of the 
 product in the field in the territory . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , neither party nor any of their respective affiliate 
 will be require to take , or will be penalize for not take , any action that be not in compliance with such party ’s ethical business practice and 
 policy or that such party reasonably believe be not in compliance with law . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 3.3 scope of governance . the party agree not to share or discuss any confidential information beyond the scope of the collaboration 
 contemplate by this agreement . each party acknowledge and agree that the jsc member and participant will receive confidential information 
 in connection with their service on the jsc . each party will ensure that its jsc member and its non - voting observer and participant be inform 
 that they should regard all jsc - relate information as confidential information , and be subject to obligation of confidentiality and non - disclosure 
 no less stringent than those set forth in article 10 . 
 article 4 
 promotion and other commercialization 
 4.1 promotion in the territory . 
 ( a ) [ ] 
 ( b ) mmt shall use commercially reasonable effort at its sole cost and expense to promote the product in the field within the 
 territory in accordance with the then - current business plan; provide that mmt shall not promote any product within any restricted market or 
 discontinued country . 
 ( c ) mmt shall conduct all promotion activity in accordance with applicable law , pfizer policy and practice regard 
 advertising , marketing , promotional and other product - specific communication , and the term of this agreement . mmt may prepare marketing , 
 advertising , promotional material and other communication relate to the product for promotion use in the field in the territory . all such 
 material shall be truthful and non - misleading , and in compliance with applicable law , and subject to review by siga through the jsc; provide 
 that the final decision to use any approve material will be at the sole discretion of mmt . 
 ( d ) subject to section 4.2 , siga shall provide reasonable assistance to mmt with respect to mmt ’s conduct of promotion 
 activity with respect to the product in the field in the territory as specifically set forth in the business plan , include provide response to 
 medical inquiry communicate to mmt ’s sale representative or other external - face mmt representative or receive by mmt by letter , 
 phone call or email or other mean of communication , at mmt ’s sole cost and expense; provide , however , siga shall solely be responsible for the 
 cost and expense associate with the response to any medical inquiry . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( e ) mmt will provide appropriate ( as determine by mmt in its sole discretion ) training ( include regard compliance with 
 applicable law ) of the mmt promotion personnel who will be communicate with potential customer about the product . 
 ( f ) subject to section 13.6 , mmt may not use any subcontractor that be not a permit sublicensee to fulfill its obligation under 
 this agreement . 
 4.2 diligence . notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , mmt ’s commitment to use commercially reasonable effort as set forth 
 herein shall not preclude the suspension or discontinuance of the promotion of the product in the field in a country within the territory , if 
 reasonably appropriate , base on the application of commercially reasonable effort with respect to the promotion of the product in such country . 
 if mmt do not document in the business plan [ ] the product in the field in a country in the territory ( " [ ] " ) for a period of either ( i ) [ ] 
 calendar month after the effective date for tier 1 country , ( ii ) [ ] calendar month after the effective date for tier 2 country or ( iii ) [ ] 
 calendar month after the effective date for tier 3 country ( each such time period set forth in ( i)-(iii ) be a " tier period " ) , then no later than 
 [ ] business day after the expiration the applicable tier period for such country , siga may provide mmt with write notice [ ] non- [ ] ( a 
 " non- [ ] notice " ) in such country , and upon mmt ’s receipt of such non- [ ] notice , such country shall be deem to be a " discontinue 
 country " for purpose of this agreement . if [ ] , siga shall have the right to designate the applicable country as a discontinued country at any 
 time thereafter as long as the relevant tier period [ ] for the country have be meet at the time of the non- [ ] notice . siga hereby 
 acknowledge and agree that mmt and its affiliate make ( and have make ) no representation or warranty , either express or imply , at law or in 
 equity , that it will be able to successfully achieve any amount of net product sale amount , and siga specifically disclaim that it be rely upon 
 or have rely upon any such representation or warranty that may have be make by any individual or entity . siga acknowledge and agree 
 that mmt and its affiliate have , and will continue to have , other program that may compete for resource that may be expend in the promotion 
 of the product . except as otherwise set forth in section 2.3 with respect to compete product , nothing in this agreement shall limit or restrict the 
 right of mmt or its affiliate to develop , make regulatory filing , obtain regulatory approval with respect to , or to commercialize any product that 
 be not the product or , with respect to mmt only , a compete product or to engage in any business or other activity . 
 4.3 customer contract . 
 ( a ) subject to section 2.4 and section 4.3(b ) , mmt shall serve as the primary contracting party [ ] . 
 ( b ) [ ] . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 4.4 regulatory matter . 
 ( a ) subject to section 4.4(b ) and ( c ) each party , at its sole cost and expense , will be responsible for obtain all regulatory 
 authorization , permit , license , and approval require to carry out its obligation under this agreement . 
 ( b ) [ ] . 
 ( c ) mmt will provide siga with final copy of any marketing , advertising , promotional material and other communication 
 develop pursuant section 4.1(c ) , and as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter , siga will be responsible for submit on mmt ’s behalf such 
 material or other communication to seek to obtain any approval necessary under applicable law for the use of such material in the territory . 
 ( d ) mmt will promptly notify siga , and shall provide siga with a copy , of any information it receive regard any threaten 
 or pende action , inspection or communication by or from any third party , include a regulatory authority , which may affect the regulatory 
 status of the product and will reasonably cooperate with siga in its response thereto . mmt may choose not to disclose communication , other 
 than communication from regulatory authority , to the extent that mmt ’s counsel reasonably believe that such disclosure to siga could 
 violate applicable privacy law or have a significant adverse impact on mmt ’s legal position or defense ( include the loss of attorney - client 
 privilege ) , in which case mmt shall promptly notify siga that it be exercise its right not to disclose . 
 4.5 discontinue country . for clarity , notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein , upon the designation of a country as a 
 " discontinued country " under this agreement , siga shall have the right to promote the product in the discontinued country at its sole discretion 
 and cost . upon designation of a country as a " discontinued country " in accordance with section 4.2 , mmt shall immediately cease all 
 promotional effort relate to the product in such country , and siga shall have the sole right to promote the product in such discontinued country 
 during and after the term . 
 article 5 
 forecasting and order 
 5.1 product forecast . 
 ( a ) [ ] . 
 ( b ) [ ] . 
 5.2 purchase order . 
 ( a ) [ ] . 
 [ ] . 
 [ ] . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 5.3 delivery . [ ] . 
 5.4 supply limitation . [ ] . 
 5.5 supply penalty . [ ] . 
 5.6 adverse event report . mmt or its affiliate will reasonably cooperate with siga to meet applicable pharmacovigilance and safety 
 reporting requirement and in the event of a product recall . to facilitate pharmacovigilance and safety reporting , the party agree that they will 
 follow the procedure describe in schedule 3 safety reporting requirement , which may be amend from time - to - time , to ensure that adverse 
 event and other safety information be identify , review , and report in a manner that will permit siga to comply with applicable law , include 
 any reporting requirement with any applicable regulatory authority . 
 article 6 
 payment 
 6.1 promotion fee . 
 ( a ) in consideration for the service provide by mmt hereunder , commence with the first commercial sale of the product in 
 the territory , mmt shall be entitle to retain a fee ( the " promotion fee " ) of : 
 ( i ) [ ] of the yearly collect revenue of the product in the territory in each calendar year during the term if the 
 aggregate net product sale amount for such calendar year be equal to or below [ ] ; and 
 ( ii ) [ ] of the yearly collect revenue of the product in the territory in each calendar year during the term if the 
 aggregate net product sale amount for such calendar year exceed [ ] . 
 ( b ) in satisfaction of mmt ’s right to the promotion fee , mmt shall retain from each payment to siga of the quarterly collect 
 revenue an amount equal to ( i ) [ ] of the quarterly collect revenue in the territory during such calendar quarter so long as the total net 
 product sale amount in the territory during the relevant calendar year be equal to or below [ ] and ( ii ) [ ] of the quarterly collect 
 revenue in the territory during such calendar quarter where the total net product sale amount in the territory during the relevant calendar year 
 exceed [ ] and ( iii ) any credit amount . if the net product sale amount in the territory exceed [ ] during any calendar year after any 
 quarterly payment have be make , mmt shall automatically accrue a credit of [ ] ( the " credit amount " ) ( represent the additional [ ] fee 
 that mmt would be entitle to receive with respect to the first [ ] of the quarterly collect revenue as a result of total net product sale 
 amount in the relevant calendar year have [ ] ) , which credit amount will be deduct from future payment of quarterly collect revenue 
 to siga until the full credit amount be retain by mmt . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 6.2 payment . 
 ( a ) within [ ] day after the conclusion of each calendar quarter to occur during the term , commence with the first 
 commercial sale of the product in the field in the territory , mmt shall deliver to siga a write report contain the follow information ( each a 
 " quarterly report " ): [ ] . all such report shall be consider confidential information of mmt . concurrent with the delivery of the applicable 
 quarterly report , mmt shall pay to siga in dollar by wire transfer of immediately available fund into an account designate by siga in write 
 in advance of such payment the net result of quarterly collect revenue , minus the correspond promotion fee , and minus any applicable 
 credit amount for such calendar quarter ( all amount as calculate in the quarterly report , and the payment of the net result be a " quarterly 
 payment " ) . 
 ( b ) upon the expiration or termination of this agreement , mmt shall submit a final write report cover the time period 
 between the date of the last quarterly report submit by mmt and the date of expiration or termination of this agreement ( the " final report " ) . 
 the final report shall contain all information require to be include in a quarterly report with respect to the time period between the conclusion 
 of the most recent calendar quarter and the date of expiration or termination of this agreement . if mmt owe any outstanding amount to siga as 
 calculate pursuant to such final report , then mmt shall pay to siga in dollar such outstanding amount by wire transfer of immediately 
 available fund into an account designate by siga in write in advance of such payment within [ ] day after delivery of the final report . if 
 siga owe any amount relate to any portion of any outstanding credit amount or otherwise , then siga shall pay such outstanding amount 
 to mmt within [ ] day after delivery of the final report . 
 6.3 currency . all sum due under this agreement shall be payable in dollar . any amount in currency other than dollar shall , for 
 purpose of determine net product sale amount or quarterly collect revenue , be convert to dollar use the [ ] . once the net 
 product sale amount or quarterly collect revenue payable in respect of a particular calendar quarter have be convert into dollar , such 
 amount of dollar shall be use for the purpose of calculate the total net product sale amount and quarterly collect revenue during the 
 calendar year that include such calendar quarter . 
 6.4 record . mmt will keep ( and will ensure that its affiliate and sublicensee keep ) such record as be require to determine , in 
 accordance with u.s . generally accept accounting principle or international financial reporting standard , as applicable , and this agreement and 
 the sum or credit due under this agreement , include net product sale amount . mmt will retain all such book , record and account until 
 the later of ( a ) [ ] after the end of the period to which such book , record and account pertain and ( b ) the expiration of the applicable tax 
 statute of limitation ( or any extension thereof ) , or for such long period as may be require by law . mmt will require its sublicensee to 
 provide to it a report detail the forego expense and calculation incur or make by such sublicensee , which report will be make available to 
 siga in connection with any audit conduct by siga pursuant to section 6.5 . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 6.5 audit . siga may have an independent top four certify public accountant , reasonably acceptable to mmt ( " siga ’s auditor " ) , have 
 access during normal business hour , and upon [ ] business day ' prior write notice , to examine only those record of mmt ( and its 
 affiliate and sublicensee ) as may be reasonably necessary to determine , with respect to any calendar year end not more than [ ] before 
 siga ’s request , the correctness or completeness of any report or payment make under this agreement; provide , however , mmt shall not be 
 require to provide , and neither siga nor siga ’s auditor shall be entitle to review , the tax return or tax record of mmt or those of its affiliate 
 and sublicensee . the foregoing right of review may be exercise only once per year and only once with respect to each periodic report and 
 payment deliver in accordance with section 6.2 . report of the result of any such examination ( each an " audit report " ) will be ( a ) limit to 
 detail of any discrepancy in mmt ’s record relate to the product together with an explanation of the discrepancy and the circumstance 
 give rise to the discrepancy ( b ) make available to both party and ( c ) subject to article 10 . an audit report shall become final and bind on 
 the party thirty ( 30 ) day follow mmt ’s receipt thereof , unless mmt deliver write notice of its agreement thereto ( in which case such 
 audit report shall become final and bind on the date of delivery of such notice of agreement ) or write notice of its disagreement thereto 
 ( " notice of disagreement " ) to siga in either case on or prior to such date . if a timely notice of disagreement be deliver by mmt to siga , then 
 the audit report shall become final and bind on the party on the early of ( i ) the date mmt and siga resolve in write any difference they 
 have with respect to the matter specify in the notice of disagreement , and ( ii ) the date all matter in dispute be finally resolve in writing by the 
 independent auditor . during the thirty ( 30 ) day follow delivery of a notice of disagreement , mmt , siga and siga ’s auditor shall seek to 
 resolve in write any difference which they may have with respect to the matter specify in the notice of disagreement . at the end of such 
 thirty ( 30 ) day period , if no resolution have be reach , mmt and siga shall submit such dispute to an independent top four certify public 
 accountant other than siga ’s auditor and reasonably acceptable to both party ( the " independent auditor " ) for resolution of all matter which 
 remain in dispute which be include in the notice of disagreement , and the independent auditor shall make a final determination with respect 
 thereto ( with it be understand that the party will request that the independent auditor deliver to the party its resolution in write not more 
 than 30 day after its engagement ) . the independent auditor shall make a determination only with respect to the matter still in dispute and , with 
 respect to each such matter , its determination shall be within the range of the dispute among mmt , siga and siga ’s auditor . if an audit report as 
 finally determine pursuant to this section 6.5 ( a " final audit report " ) conclude that ( i ) additional amount be owe by mmt , mmt will pay 
 the additional amount , or ( ii ) excess payment be make by mmt , siga will reimburse such excess payment , in either case ( ( i ) or ( ii ) ) , within 
 thirty ( 30 ) business day after the date on which an audit report be deem a final audit report . siga will bear the full cost of the performance of 
 any such audit , include the fee of siga ’s auditor and the independent auditor , unless a final audit report , which cover the entire calendar 
 year , disclose a variance to the detriment of the auditing party of more than [ ] from the amount of the original report , royalty or payment 
 calculation , in which case mmt will bear the full cost of the performance of such audit . the result of such audit , include any determination 
 make by the independent auditor , will be final , absent manif error . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 6.6 block payment and indemnification . if either party utilize a restricted party in the activity contemplate under this agreement , 
 without a license or other authorization require by global trade control law or in circumstance where reimbursement by the non - utilizing party 
 would violate or create exposure to adverse consequence under global trade law , the non - utilizing party shall not be responsible for any 
 payment due to the utilize party or any other party result from the activity involve such restrict party even if the contractual obligation 
 relate thereto have already accrue . any and all payment due to such utilize party or any other party result from such activity involve a 
 restricted party shall be entirely at such utilize party ’s expense . far , if the conduct of any activity or a transaction under this agreement be 
 in violation of applicable global trade control law for any reason , such violate party shall indemnify the other party for any liability result 
 from such activity or transaction , include any and all fine and penalty assess to such other party as a result of such activity or transaction . 
 6.7 source of recovery . any outstanding amount due and payable by siga pursuant to the term of this agreement , include 
 reimbursement for supply penalty pursuant to section 5.5 and any amount owe to an mmt indemnitee pursuant to siga ’s indemnification 
 obligation in section 9.1 , at mmt ’s option , can be set - off by mmt from any quarterly payment until such amount be fully recovered; provide 
 that any amount that be subject to a dispute properly bring under article 12 may not be set - off pursuant to this section 6.7 . 
 6.8 taxis . 
 ( a ) taxis on income . each party will pay all taxis ( include related interest and penalty ) impose on its share of income arise 
 directly or indirectly from the effort of , or the receipt or deem receipt of any payment by , such party under this agreement . 
 ( b ) tax withholding . subject to section 6.8(c ) and section 6.8(d ) , if any taxis ( include related interest and penalty ) be 
 require to be withhold by or on behalf of mmt with respect to an amount payable to siga , ( a ) mmt will withhold such taxis from such amount , 
 timely pay the withhold taxis to the proper tax authority and furnish reasonably satisfactory proof of payment to siga; and ( b ) siga will 
 reasonably assist mmt in its effort to obtain a refund of or credit for such withholding tax in accordance with section 6.8(c ) . any amount actually 
 withhold and remit by mmt to a tax authority pursuant to this section 6.8(b ) will be treat for all purpose of this agreement as having 
 be pay to siga . if mmt make a payment without deduction for tax withholding and an amount of tax should have be withhold from such 
 payment , mmt shall be entitle to recover the under withhold tax by an additional withholding from any amount payable to siga under this 
 agreement , and to the extent such recovery be insufficient , siga shall indemnify mmt for any such amount . no amount shall be withhold , or a 
 reduce amount shall be withhold , as applicable , if , in accordance with section 6.8(d ) , a party that be entitle to a payment timely furnish the other 
 party with the necessary tax form and other document prescribe by law , which shall be in a form reasonably satisfactory to the party receive 
 the document , identify that the relevant payment be exempt from tax or subject to a reduce tax rate . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( c ) vat . it be understand and agree between the party that the amount of any payment contemplate under this agreement 
 be exclusive of any value add tax , sale tax or any similar tax ( " vat " ) , which shall be add thereon as applicable . where vat be properly add 
 to a payment make under this agreement , mmt or siga , as applicable , will pay the amount of the vat , if applicable , but only on receipt of a valid 
 tax invoice issue in accordance with applicable law of the country in which the vat be chargeable . 
 ( d ) tax cooperation . the party agree to cooperate with one another and use reasonable effort to reduce or eliminate tax 
 withholding , vat or similar obligation in respect of royalty , milestone payment , and other amount payable under this agreement . siga and 
 mmt will provide each other with any applicable tax form that may be reasonably necessary in order for the other party not to withhold tax or to 
 withhold tax at a reduce rate under an applicable income tax treaty or pursuant to applicable internal law . each party will provide the other with 
 reasonable assistance to enable the recovery , as permit by law , of withholding taxis , vat , or similar obligation result from payment make 
 under this agreement , such recovery to be for the benefit of mmt or siga , as applicable , to the extent it have comply with the requirement of 
 this section 6.8 in respect of such obligation . 
 article 7 
 intellectual property 
 7.1 ownership of siga intellectual property . subject to the license grant to mmt under section 2.1 , siga shall own and retain all of its 
 right , title and interest in and to the siga intellectual property and the goodwill relate to such intellectual property . 
 7.2 intellectual property maintenance . siga shall control and be solely responsible for , at its sole discretion , the filing , preparation , 
 prosecution , enforcement , maintenance and defense of the siga intellectual property worldwide and all claim and other aspect relate thereto at 
 siga ’s sole cost and expense , except as set forth in section 7.3 . 
 7.3 new patent and trademark . for each active country , siga shall prosecute ( a ) application in respect of any siga patent list on 
 schedule 1 , and ( b ) trademark registration for the siga trademark list on schedule 2 ( or such other trademark in respect of the product as 
 mutually agree by the party at the jsc ) , in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) , with the appropriate governmental authority , provide that there be no 
 trademark which may be substantially similar or patent which may limit patentability , and provide far , if siga determine that it be not 
 commercially reasonable to prosecute such patent and trademark , siga shall consult with mmt in respect of the appropriate prosecution 
 strategy in such active country . for clarity , any new patent or trademark file and/or register , as applicable , by siga , pursuant to this section 
 7.3 shall be deem a siga patent or a siga trademark , respectively , and shall be subject to the grant of right to mmt set forth in section 2.1 . 
 siga ’s obligation to make the filing describe in the first sentence of this section 7.3 shall not apply with respect to an active country if the 
 product be sell in such active country pursuant to a special access approval or other regulatory approval , without the need to file for siga 
 patent or siga trademark in such country . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 article 8 
 representation and warranties; covenant 
 8.1 mutual representation and warranty . each party hereby represent and warrant to the other party as follow : 
 ( a ) corporate existence . as of the effective date , it be a company or corporation duly organize , validly exist , and in good 
 standing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it be incorporate or formed; 
 ( b ) corporate power , authority and bind agreement . as of the effective date , ( i ) it have the power and authority and the legal 
 right to enter into this agreement and perform its obligation hereunder; ( ii ) it have take all necessary action on its part require to authorize the 
 execution and delivery of this agreement and the performance of its obligation hereunder; and ( iii ) this agreement have be duly execute and 
 deliver on behalf of such party , and constitute a legal , valid , and bind obligation of such party that be enforceable against it in accordance 
 with its term , subject to bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , moratorium or similar law affect or relate to the enforcement of creditor ’ 
 right generally , and general principle of equity; 
 ( c ) no conflict . the execution and delivery of this agreement , the performance of such party ’s obligation hereunder and the 
 license and sublicense to be grant pursuant to this agreement ( i ) do not and will not conflict with or violate any requirement of law exist 
 as of the effective date; ( ii ) do not and will not conflict with or violate the certificate of incorporation , by - law or other organizational document of 
 such party; and ( iii ) do not and will not conflict with , violate , breach or constitute a default under any contractual obligation of such party or any 
 of its affiliate exist as of the effective date; 
 ( d ) other right . neither such party nor any of its respective affiliate be a party to or otherwise bind by any oral or write 
 contract or agreement that will result in any other person obtain any interest in , or that would give to any other person any right to assert any 
 claim in or with respect to , any of such party ’s right under this agreement; 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( e ) no violation . neither such party nor any of its respective affiliate be under any obligation to any person , contractual or 
 otherwise , that be in violation of the term of this agreement or that would impede the fulfillment of such party ’s obligation hereunder; and 
 ( f ) no debarment . as of the effective date , neither such party , its respective affiliate , nor any of its respective employee , 
 consultant or contractor involve in the performance of activity under this agreement : 
 ( i ) be debar under section 306(a ) or 306(b ) of the fd&c act or by the analogous law of any regulatory authority; 
 ( ii ) have , to such party ’s knowledge , be charge with , or convict of , any felony or misdemeanor within the ambit of 
 42 u.s . c. § § 1320a-7(a ) , 1320a-7(b)(l)-(3 ) , or pursuant to the analogous law of any regulatory authority , or be propose for exclusion , or the 
 subject of exclusion or debarment proceeding by a regulatory authority; 
 ( iii ) be exclude , suspend or debar from participation , or otherwise ineligible to participate , in any u.s . or non - u.s . 
 healthcare program ( or have be convict of a criminal offense that fall within the scope of 42 u.s . c. § 1320a-7 but not yet exclude , debar , 
 suspend , or otherwise declare ineligible ) , or exclude , suspend or debar by a governmental authority from participation , or otherwise 
 ineligible to participate , in any government contract or program , include procurement or non - procurement programs; and 
 ( iv ) be a restricted party or be own or control by a restricted party . 
 8.2 additional representation , warranty and covenant of siga . siga represent and warrant to mmt as of the effective date , and 
 covenant to mmt during the term , as follow : 
 ( a ) siga patent schedule . schedule 1 set forth a true and complete list of all siga patent own or otherwise control by 
 siga or its affiliate that relate to the product or its manufacture or use , include in the case of siga patent that be license to siga , the name 
 of the owner(s ) and licensor(s ) and the agreement(s ) provide siga with control . 
 ( b ) title; encumbrance . except as set forth on schedule 8.2(b ) , ( i ) it have sufficient legal or beneficial title , ownership or license , 
 right , free and clear from any mortgage , pledge , lien , security interest , option , conditional and installment sale agreement , encumbrance , 
 charge or claim of any kind , of or to the siga intellectual property to grant the license to mmt as purport to be grant pursuant to this 
 agreement and ( ii ) no third party have take any action before any patent and trademark office ( or similar governmental authority ) , which would 
 render any of the siga intellectual property invalid or unenforceable; 
 ( c ) notice of infringement or misappropriation; non - infringement of right by third party . to siga ’s knowledge , no third 
 party be infringe or misappropriate or have infringe the siga intellectual property . in addition , it have not receive any notice from any third 
 party assert or allege that ( i ) the product or any siga trademark have infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property right of any third 
 party or ( ii ) the performance of mmt ’s obligation under this agreement infringe or would infringe any third party intellectual property rights; 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( d ) non - infringement of third party right . to siga ’s knowledge , the commercialization of the product can be carry out as 
 contemplate by this agreement as of the effective date without infringe any issue patent or pende application control by a third party 
 and without infringe any trademark right of any third party . 
 ( e ) non - assertion by third party . no third party have assert or threaten in write legal action assert , that the siga 
 patent or the siga trademark be invalid or unenforceable by challenge or threaten to challenge the inventorship , ownership , siga ’s right 
 to use , scope , validity or enforceability of any siga patent ( include by way of example , through the institution or write threat of institution of 
 interference , derivation , post - grant review , opposition , nullity or similar invalidity proceeding before any governmental authority); 
 ( f ) no proceeding . there be no pende , and to siga ’s knowledge , no threatened , adverse action , claim , investigation , suit 
 or proceeding against siga or any of its affiliate , at law or in equity , or before or by any governmental authority , involve the siga intellectual 
 property or the product , nor to siga ’s knowledge have any such adverse action , claim , investigation , suit or proceeding be bring or threaten 
 since the inception of siga as a company , in each case , which have be resolve in a manner that impairs any of siga ’s right in and to any such 
 siga intellectual property or the product; 
 ( g ) no consent . no authorization , consent , approval of a third party , nor any license , permit , exemption of or filing or 
 registration with or notification to any court or governmental authority be or will be necessary for the ( i ) valid execution , delivery or performance of 
 this agreement by siga , include siga ’s obligation under this agreement; ( ii ) the consummation by siga of the transaction contemplate 
 hereby and the right convey to mmt hereunder; or ( iii ) prevention of the termination of any right , privilege , license or agreement relate to the 
 siga intellectual property or the continuation thereof follow the effective date; 
 ( h ) no non - competition agreement . neither siga nor any of its affiliate be bind by any non - competition agreement 
 relate to the product; 
 ( i ) compliance with law . siga have comply with all law in connection with the prosecution of the siga patent , include any 
 duty of candor owe to any patent office pursuant to such laws; 
 ( j ) no grant of right . as of the effective date , there be no right with respect to the product or the siga trademark in the 
 territory grant by siga , in each case , to any person or entity other than mmt; 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( k ) no third party right to sublicense . no third party have the right to sublicense any siga patent or siga trademark without 
 the express write consent of siga , which consent will be withhold if in any way it conflict with this agreement . 
 ( l ) no unauthorized use . neither siga nor any of its affiliate have receive any write notice of any unauthorized use , 
 infringement , or misappropriation by any person , include any current or former employee or consultant of siga or its affiliate , in respect of the 
 product or of any of the siga intellectual property; 
 ( m ) intellectual property right . the siga intellectual property include and will continue to include all intellectual property 
 right control by siga which be reasonably necessary for the commercialization of the product in accordance with the term of this agreement . 
 ( n ) maintenance of siga patent and trademark right . siga will , at siga ’s sole discretion , diligently prosecute , maintain , 
 enforce , and defend each of the siga patent and the siga trademark reasonably necessary for the commercialization of the product in 
 accordance with the term of this agreement . 
 ( o ) siga patent and patent application . ( i ) the siga patent list on schedule 1 be the only patent and patent application 
 relate to the product in the field in the territory which siga have an interest either alone or jointly with any third party , and ( ii ) siga do not 
 have knowledge of any information which lead it to believe that any issue patent include in the siga patent be invalid or unenforceable; 
 ( p ) siga trademark and trademark application . ( i ) the siga trademark list on schedule 2 be the only trademark and 
 trademark application relate to the product in which siga have an interest either alone or jointly with any third party ( other than application 
 make during the term in accordance with section 7.3 ) , and ( ii ) to siga ’s knowledge none of the siga trademark be invalid or unenforceable; 
 ( q ) renewal and maintenance fee . all material renewal and maintenance fee due as of the effective date with respect to the 
 prosecution and maintenance of the siga patent and siga trademark have be pay , and to siga ’s knowledge , all issue patent within the 
 siga patent , and each claim set forth therein be in full force and effect and be valid and enforceable; 
 ( r ) access to information . siga have allow , and will continue to allow , mmt reasonable access to material information in siga ’s 
 possession or control ( i ) concern side effect , injury , toxicity or sensitivity reaction and incident or severity thereof with respect to the 
 product; and ( ii ) in respect of the siga intellectual property and the product; 
 ( s ) inventor . the inventor name in the siga patent be , to siga ’s knowledge , all of the true inventor for such siga patent 
 and each of such inventor have assign to siga or its affiliate all of his or her right , title and interest to such siga patent and the invention 
 describe therein; 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( t ) employee confidentiality agreement . all current and former employee and pay consultant ( in the case of academic 
 consultant , those act outside the scope of their academic affiliation ) of siga and its affiliate who be or have be substantively involve in 
 the conception , design , review , evaluation , reduction to practice , or development of siga patent or the product have execute write contract or 
 be otherwise obligate to protect the confidential status and value thereof and to vest in siga exclusive ownership of the siga patent and the 
 product; 
 ( u ) third party confidentiality . with the exception of the government authority , to our knowledge , no third party have any 
 siga know - how in its possession or control which be not subject to continue obligation of confidentiality owe to siga or its affiliate for at 
 least the duration of the term; provide that siga know - how may be disclose to governmental authority without a continue obligation of 
 confidentiality owe to siga or its affiliate if disclose in connection with the promotion of the product hereunder or by siga outside of the 
 territory; 
 ( v ) safety and efficacy . siga be not aware of any problem concern the safety or efficacy of the product ( include any of its 
 ingredient ) or of any question raise by any regulatory authority with respect thereto , and siga have provide relevant information to mmt of 
 all adverse drug reaction know to siga relate to the product or their use; 
 ( w ) good practice . the development and manufacture of the product have be carry out as of the effective date in 
 accordance with united states glp , gcp and gmp , as applicable and where require . after the effective date , the development and manufacture of 
 the product will be carry in accordance with the glp , gcp and gmp of the united states and any country in the territory where the product have 
 receive regulatory approval , in all case , as applicable and where required; and 
 ( x ) regulatory matter . 
 ( i ) siga have provide or make available , when request by mmt to conduct its due diligence review , document and 
 communication in its possession from and to any governmental authority , or prepare by any governmental authority , relate to the product , 
 that may bear on the compliance with the requirement of any governmental authority , include any notice of inspection , inspection report , 
 warning letter , deficiency letter , or similar communication ( collectively " compliance communications”); 
 ( ii ) neither siga nor any of its affiliate have receive , with respect to siga intellectual property and the product , any 
 oral or write communication ( include any warning letter , untitled letter , or similar notice ) from any governmental authority and , there be no 
 action pende or , to siga ’s knowledge , threaten ( include any prosecution , injunction , seizure , civil fine , suspension or recall ) , in each case 
 allege that with respect to the siga intellectual property or product , siga or any of its affiliate be not currently materially in compliance with 
 any and all law implement by such governmental authority ( collectively , a " non - compliance action " ) . neither siga nor any of its affiliate 
 have receive any oral or write notice from any governmental authority claim that the development , commercialization or promotion of the 
 product be not in material compliance with all law and permits; 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( iii ) as to any product , during the term siga shall provide , or make available , to mmt copy of any ( a ) compliance 
 communication within five ( 5 ) business day after provision to , or receipt from , any governmental authority and ( b ) non - compliance action 
 within five ( 5 ) business day after receipt from a governmental authority; except ( in the case of ( a ) and ( b ) ) to the extent that siga ’s counsel 
 reasonably believe that such disclosure to mmt could violate applicable privacy law or have a significant adverse impact on siga ’s legal 
 position or defense ( include the loss of attorney - client privilege ) . in the event that siga determine that disclosure could violate applicable 
 privacy law or have a significant adverse impact on its legal position or defense , siga shall promptly notify mmt that it be exercise its right not 
 to disclose; and 
 ( iv ) to siga ’s knowledge , none of siga , any of its affiliate or any of their respective officer , employee or agent have 
 make , with respect to the siga intellectual property or the product , an untrue statement of a material fact to any governmental authority or have 
 fail to disclose a material fact require to be disclose to such governmental authority . 
 8.3 additional representation and warranty of mmt . mmt represent and warrant to siga as of the effective date , and covenant 
 to siga during the term , as follow : 
 ( a ) with respect to each country in the territory in which mmt promote or intend to promote the product , if mmt know or 
 become aware that governmental authority in such country can not purchase the product unless the product have receive regulatory approval 
 in such country , then mmt shall promptly notify siga of such requirement; and 
 ( b ) with respect to each country in the territory , mmt have not receive , any oral or write communication relate to the 
 product or the promotion of the product contemplate by this agreement ( include any warning letter , untitled letter , or similar notice ) from any 
 governmental authority in such country and , there be no action pende or , to mmt ’s knowledge , threaten ( include any prosecution , 
 injunction , seizure , civil fine , suspension or recall ) , in each case allege that mmt be not currently materially in compliance with any and all law 
 implement by such governmental authority that would materially impact mmt ’s ability to perform its obligation hereunder in such country . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 8.4 covenant . 
 ( a ) no debarment or restricted party . neither party will knowingly use any employee , consultant , contractor or agent or 
 knowingly engage in promotion , commercialization , or distribution of product to any entity or person : 
 ( i ) who have be debar under section 306(a ) or 306(b ) of the fd&c act or pursuant to the analogous law of any 
 regulatory authority; 
 ( ii ) who , to such party ’s knowledge , have be charge with , or convict of , any felony or misdemeanor within the ambit 
 of 42 u.s.c . § § 1320a-7(a ) , 1320a-7(b)(l)-(3 ) , or otherwise pursuant to the analogous law of any regulatory authority , or be propose for exclusion , 
 or the subject of exclusion or debarment proceeding by a regulatory authority , during the employee ’s or consultant ’s employment or contract 
 term with such party; 
 ( iii ) who be exclude , suspend or debar from participation , or otherwise ineligible to participate , in any u.s . or non- 
 u.s . healthcare program ( or who have be convict of a criminal offense that fall within the scope of 42 u.s . c. § 1320a-7 but have not yet be 
 exclude , debar , suspend , or otherwise declare ineligible); 
 ( iv ) who be exclude , suspend or debar by a governmental authority from participation , or otherwise ineligible to 
 participate , in any government contract or government program , include procurement and non - procurement programs; or 
 ( v ) who be otherwise a restricted party . 
 ( b ) each party will conduct appropriate screening of employee , consultant , contractor or agent that perform service on 
 behalf of such party under this agreement against the relevant restrict party list . each party will notify the other party promptly , but in no 
 event later than five ( 5 ) business day , upon become aware that any of its employee , consultant , contractor or agent have be exclude , 
 debar , suspend or be otherwise ineligible , or be the subject of exclusion , debarment or suspension proceeding by any regulatory authority . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , each party will notify the other party immediately in the event that any employee , consultant , contractor or agent 
 perform service on behalf of such party under this agreement become a restricted party during the term and , in such event , the party shall 
 immediately suspend all activity relate thereto , include the performance of any accrue obligation under this agreement or any customer 
 contract . 
 ( c ) compliance . 
 ( i ) health authority . each party and its affiliate will comply in all material respect with all law in the development , 
 manufacture , promotion and commercialization of the product and the performance of its obligation under this agreement , include where 
 applicable the statute , regulation and write directive of the fda , the ema , and any regulatory authority have jurisdiction in the territory , 
 and all applicable anti - corruption law . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( ii ) anti - corruption . in connection with the performance of its obligation under this agreement , neither party , include 
 its officer , director , employee , or agent , have take , nor will either party take during the term , any direct or indirect action to knowingly ( i ) offer , 
 promise , provide , or authorize the offer or provision of money or anything of value , in order to improperly or corruptly seek to influence any official , 
 employee , or representative of a governmental authority or any other person in order to obtain or retain business or any other improper business 
 advantage , ( ii ) request or accept any such improper payment , ( iii ) establish or maintain any unlawful fund of corporate monie or other property , 
 ( iv ) use any corporate fund for any illegal contribution , gift , entertainment , travel or other unlawful expense , or ( v ) cause a violation of any 
 applicable anti - corruption law . for illustrative purpose only , an example of the activity describe in the second sentence of this section 8.4(c ) 
 would be to knowingly provide any improper inducement for a government official or other person to approve , reimburse , prescribe , or purchase 
 the product , to influence the outcome of a clinical trial , or otherwise to benefit a party ’s or its affiliate ' business activity improperly . 
 ( iii ) trade control . 
 ( a ) each party will perform the activity under this agreement in compliance with all applicable global trade 
 control law . 
 ( b ) neither party will knowingly transfer to the other party any good , software , technology , or service that 
 be ( a ) control at a level other than ear99 under the u.s . export administration regulation , ( b ) control under the u.s . international traffic in 
 arm regulation , ( c ) specifically identify as an e.u . dual use item or ( d ) on an applicable export control list of a foreign country . 
 ( c ) the party acknowledge that activity under this agreement will not ( i ) be in or with a restricted market , 
 ( ii ) involve individual ordinarily resident in a restricted market , or ( ii ) include company , organization , or governmental authority organize or 
 locate in a restricted market . 
 ( d ) no violation . neither party nor any of its affiliate will enter into an agreement or otherwise create any obligation to any 
 person or entity , contractual or otherwise , that be in material violation of the term of this agreement . 
 ( e ) third party confidentiality . siga will use commercially reasonable effort to ( i ) maintain the confidentiality of the siga 
 know - how , and ( ii ) ensure that no third party have any siga know - how in its possession or control which be not subject to continue obligation 
 of confidentiality owe to siga or its affiliate for at least the duration of the term; provide that siga know - how may be disclose to 
 governmental authority without a continue obligation of confidentiality owe to siga or its affiliate if disclose in connection with the 
 promotion of the product . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 8.5 no other representation or warranty . except as expressly state in this agreement , no representation or 
 warranty whatsoever , whether express or imply , include warranty of merchantability , fitness for a 
 particular purpose , non - infringement , or non - misappropriation of third party intellectual property right , be 
 make or give by or on behalf of either party , and all representation and warranty , whether arise by 
 operation of law or otherwise , be hereby expressly exclude . 
 article 9 
 indemnification 
 9.1 indemnification by siga . siga will , at its sole expense , defend , indemnify , and hold mmt and its affiliate and their respective 
 officer , director , shareholder , owner , employee , agent and representative ( the " mmt indemnitee " ) harmless from and against any and all , 
 damage , loss , liability , taxis , cost , expense ( include court cost and reasonable attorney ’ fee and expense ) and recovery ( collectively , 
 " loss " ) to the extent arise out of or result from any claim , suit , proceeding or demand of third party ( include , for the avoidance of 
 doubt , governmental authority ) ( " claim " ) , arise from or occur as a result of ( a ) allegation that the product and /or the siga intellectual 
 property infringe any third party intellectual property right , ( b ) siga ’s failure to comply with any regulatory approval requirement of 
 regulatory authority in the territory with respect to the product , ( c ) product liability claim arise from siga ’s development , manufacture or 
 commercialization of the product , ( d ) the breach of any of siga ’s obligation under this agreement , include siga ’s representation and 
 warranty , covenant and other agreement , ( e ) any breach by siga of any obligation that mmt have delegate or otherwise appoint siga to 
 perform under a customer contract and siga have agree to such delegation or appointment in writing , include a failure to supply the product to 
 customer pursuant to the term of this agreement and/or any customer contract or ( f ) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of siga , its 
 affiliate , or the officer , director , employee , agent or representative of siga or its affiliate in connection with performance by or on behalf of 
 siga of siga ’s obligation or exercise of siga ’s right under this agreement . the foregoing indemnity obligation will not apply ( i ) to the extent 
 that ( x ) the mmt indemnitee fail to comply with the indemnification procedure set forth in section 9.3 and siga ’s defense of the relevant claim 
 be prejudice by such failure or ( y ) such claim arise out of or result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of mmt or its affiliate or the 
 officer , director , employee , agent or representative of mmt or its affiliate , or breach by mmt of its representation , warranty or 
 covenant or any other obligation of mmt hereunder; or ( ii ) to claim for which mmt have an obligation to indemnify siga pursuant to section 
 9.2 , as to which claim each party will indemnify the other to the extent of its respective liability for such claim , provide , for clarity , 
 notwithstanding the provision of section 9.2(a ) or ( b ) , siga shall in all case be solely responsible for any claim relate to matter describe in 
 section 9.1(c ) and ( e ) . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 9.2 indemnification by mmt . mmt will , at its sole expense , defend , indemnify , and hold siga and its affiliate and their respective 
 officer , director , shareholder . owner , employee , agent and representative ( the " siga indemnitee " ) harmless from and against any and all 
 loss to the extent arise out of or result from any claim arise from or occur as a result of ( a ) the breach of any of mmt ’s obligation 
 under this agreement , include mmt ’s representation and warranty , covenant and other agreement , ( b ) subject to section 9.1(e ) any breach 
 by mmt under any customer contract , include mmt ’s representation and warranty , covenant and other agreement , or the failure to 
 comply with this agreement , or ( c ) the willful misconduct or gross negligence of mmt , its affiliate , or the officer , director , employee , agent or 
 representative of mmt or its affiliate in connection with performance by or on behalf of mmt of mmt ’s obligation or exercise of mmt ’s 
 right under this agreement . the foregoing indemnity obligation will not apply ( i ) to the extent that ( x ) the siga indemnitee fail to comply with the 
 indemnification procedure set forth in section 9.3 and mmt ’s defense of the relevant claim be prejudice by such failure or ( y ) such claim arise 
 out of or result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of siga or its affiliate or the officer , director , employee , agent or 
 representative of siga , or any breach by siga of its representation , warranty or covenant hereunder; or ( ii ) to claim for which siga have an 
 obligation to indemnify mmt pursuant to section 9.1 , as to which claim each party will indemnify the other to the extent of its respective liability 
 for such claim . 
 9.3 indemnification procedure . the party claim indemnity under this article 9 ( the " indemnified party " ) shall give write notice to 
 the party from whom indemnity be be seek ( the " indemnifying party " ) promptly after become aware of a claim for which indemnity may be 
 seek hereunder ( it be understand and agree , however , that the failure by an indemnified party to give notice of a claim for which indemnity 
 may be seek as provide in this section 9.3 shall not relieve the indemnify party of its indemnification obligation under this agreement except 
 that in no event shall the indemnify party be liable for any loss that result from any delay in provide such notice ) . the indemnified party 
 will provide the indemnify party with reasonable assistance , at the indemnify party ’s reasonable expense , in connection with the defense of 
 the claim for which indemnity be be seek . the indemnified party may participate in and monitor such defense with counsel of its own 
 choosing at its sole expense; provide , however , the indemnify party shall assume and conduct the defense of the claim and may so defend any 
 such claim with counsel of its choosing . the indemnify party will not settle any claim without the prior write consent of the indemnified party , 
 not to be unreasonably withhold , unless the settlement involve only the payment of money by the indemnify party . so long as the 
 indemnify party be actively defend the claim in good faith , the indemnified party will not settle or compromise any such claim without the 
 prior write consent of the indemnify party . if the indemnify party do not assume and conduct the defense of the claim as provide 
 above , ( a ) the indemnified party may defend against , consent to the entry of any judgment , or enter into any settlement with respect to such claim 
 in any manner the indemnified party may deem reasonably appropriate ( and the indemnified party need not consult with , or obtain any consent 
 from , the indemnify party in connection therewith ) , and ( b ) the indemnify party will remain responsible to indemnify the indemnified party as 
 provide in this article 9 . the assumption of the defense by the indemnify party will not be construe as an acknowledgment that the 
 indemnify party be liable to indemnify the indemnified party with respect to such claim , nor will it constitute a waiver by the indemnify party 
 of any defense it may assert against the indemnified party ’s claim for indemnification . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 9.4 insurance . mmt and siga shall each , at their sole cost and expense , procure and maintain ( a ) commercial general liability insurance in 
 amount not less than [ ] per incident and [ ] annual aggregate , and ( c ) product liability insurance in amount not less than [ ] annual 
 aggregate , and each name the other party as additional insure . mmt and siga shall maintain such insurance throughout the term , and shall 
 from time to time provide copy of certificate of such insurance the other party upon request . 
 9.5 limitation of liability . except ( i ) in the event of the fraud of a party or of a party ’s breach of its obligation 
 under article 7 ( intellectual property ) or article 10 ( confidentiality ) , or ( ii ) to the extent any such damage be 
 require to be pay to a third party as part of a claim for which a party provide indemnification under this 
 article 9 , neither party nor any of its affiliate or sublicensee shall be liable to the other in contract , tort , 
 negligence , breach of statutory duty or otherwise for any indirect , incidental , consequential , special , punitive , 
 remote , exemplary or speculative damage or other damage that be not probable and reasonably 
 foreseeable and irrespective of whether that party or any representative of that party have be advise of , or 
 otherwise might have anticipate the possibility of , any such loss or damage; provide , for clarity , [ ] . 
 article 10 
 confidentiality 
 10.1 confidentiality . each party agree that , during the term and for a period of [ ] year thereafter , such party and its affiliate will 
 keep confidential and will not publish or otherwise disclose and will not use for any purpose other than as provide for in this agreement ( which 
 include the exercise of any right or the performance of any obligation hereunder ) any confidential information furnish to it or its affiliate by 
 the other party or its affiliate pursuant to this agreement , except to the extent expressly authorize by this agreement or as otherwise agree to in 
 writing by the parties; provide , however , that the confidentiality and non - use obligation impose by this agreement with respect to trade secret 
 include in an item of confidential information will continue for as long as the disclosing party continue to treat such confidential information as 
 a trade secret . the foregoing confidentiality and non - use obligation do not apply to any portion of the other party ’s confidential information that 
 the receive party can demonstrate by competent write proof : 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( a ) be already know to the receive party or its affiliate , other than under an obligation of confidentiality hereunder , at the 
 time of disclosure by the other party or any of its affiliates; 
 ( b ) be generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the receive party 
 or any of its affiliates; 
 ( c ) become generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and other than through any 
 act or omission of the receive party or any of its affiliate in breach of this agreement; 
 ( d ) be disclose to the receive party or any of its affiliate by a third party who have a legal right to make such disclosure and 
 who do not obtain such information directly or indirectly from the other party or any of its affiliates; or 
 ( e ) be independently discover or develop by the receive party or any of its affiliate without access to or aid , application 
 or use of the other party ’s confidential information , as evidence by a contemporaneous writing . 
 10.2 authorize disclosure . notwithstanding the obligation set forth in section 10.1 , either party or its respective affiliate may disclose 
 the other party ’s confidential information and the term of this agreement to the extent : 
 ( a ) such disclosure be reasonably necessary ( i ) for the filing or prosecuting of patent or trademark right as contemplate by this 
 agreement; ( ii ) to comply with the requirement of regulatory authority with respect to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of 
 product; or ( iii ) for prosecute or defend litigation as contemplate by this agreement; 
 ( b ) such disclosure be reasonably necessary to its officer , director , employee , agent , consultant , contractor , licensee , 
 sublicensee , attorney , accountant , lender , insurer , shareholder , or licensor on a need - to - know basis for the sole purpose of perform its 
 obligation or exercise its right under this agreement; provide that in each case , the disclosee be bind by obligation of confidentiality and 
 non - use no less stringent than those contain in this agreement; 
 ( c ) such disclosure be reasonably necessary to any bona fide potential or actual investor , acquiror , merger partner , or other 
 financial or commercial partner for the sole purpose of evaluate an actual or potential investment , acquisition or other business relationship with 
 the disclosing party; provide that in each case , the disclosee be bind by write obligation of confidentiality and non - use have a minimum 
 term of two ( 2 ) years; or 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( d ) such disclosure be reasonably necessary to comply with law , include regulation promulgate by applicable security 
 exchange , court order , administrative subpoena or other order . 
 notwithstanding the foregoing , if either party or any of its respective affiliate be require to make a disclosure of the other party ’s confidential 
 information pursuant to section 10.2(a ) or 10.2(d ) , such party will promptly notify the other party of such require disclosure and , upon the other 
 party ’s request , such party and its affiliate will use reasonable effort to obtain , or to assist the other party in obtain , a protective order 
 prevent or limit the require disclosure at the non - disclosing party ’s sole cost . 
 10.3 technical publication . upon request , siga will provide to mmt publication , and other form of public disclosure such as abstract 
 and presentation , of result of study carry out to the extent they relate to the product and be not protect by a confidentiality agreement with 
 a third party , in each case , as soon as reasonably practicable after such disclosure . 
 10.4 publicity; term of agreement . 
 ( a ) the party agree that the material term of this agreement be the confidential information of both party , subject to the 
 special authorize disclosure provision set forth in this section 10.4 . 
 ( b ) siga may make a public announcement of the execution of this agreement in the form attach as exhibit c , which will be 
 issue on or promptly after the effective date . 
 ( c ) if either party or its affiliate desire to make a public announcement concern the material term of this agreement such 
 party will give reasonable prior advance notice of the propose text of such announcement to the other party for its prior review and approval 
 ( except as otherwise provide herein ) , such approval not to be unreasonably withhold . a party comment on such a propose announcement will 
 provide its comment , if any , within five ( 5 ) business day after receive the announcement for review , or such short period as may be 
 reasonably require in order for the propose party to comply with any applicable deadline for make such announcement ( as such deadline be 
 communicate by the propose party to the comment party ) . in addition , where require by law or seek by either party , include 
 regulation promulgate by applicable security exchange , such party or its affiliate may make a press release announce the achievement of 
 any material event with respect to this agreement or the party ’ performance thereof , subject only to the review procedure set forth in the 
 precede sentence; provide that the review period will be reduce to two ( 2 ) business day ( or such short period as may be reasonably 
 require in order for the propose party to comply with any applicable deadline for make such press release , as such deadline be communicate 
 by the propose party to the comment party ) if the deadline for make such disclosure be five ( 5 ) or few business day after such 
 achievement or event . in relation to the other party ’s review of such an announcement , such other party may make specific , reasonable comment 
 on such propose press release within the prescribed time for commentary , but will not withhold , condition , or delay its consent to disclosure of the 
 information . neither party nor their respective affiliate be require to seek the permission of the other party to repeat any information regard 
 the term of this agreement that have already be publicly disclose by such party or its affiliate , or by the other party or its affiliate , in 
 accordance with this section 10.4 , if such information remain accurate as of such time . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( d ) the party acknowledge that either or both party may be obligate to file under law a copy of this agreement with the 
 u.s . securities and exchange commission ( " sec " ) or other governmental authority . each party will make such a required filing and will request 
 confidential treatment of the commercial term and sensitive technical or other competitively sensitive term hereof and thereof to the extent such 
 confidential treatment be available to such party or file redact version of such term as permit by the sec . in the event of any such filing , the 
 filing party will provide the other party with a copy of this agreement mark to show the provision for which such party intend to seek 
 confidential treatment and will reasonably consider and incorporate the other party ’s comment thereon to the extent consistent with the legal 
 requirement , with respect to the filing party , govern disclosure of material agreement and material information that must be publicly file . 
 10.5 prior confidentiality agreement . any prior confidentiality agreement between the party be hereby supersede by this 
 agreement . additionally , all information disclose by a party or its affiliate to the other party or its affiliate pursuant to any prior confidentiality 
 agreement shall be deem to be such party ’s confidential information disclose hereunder and the confidentiality , non - use and non - disclosure 
 obligation set forth in this article 10 will apply to the receive party , its affiliate and disclosee . if any such obligation conflict with the 
 obligation set forth in any prior confidentiality agreement , then the receive party , its affiliate and disclosee will comply with the more 
 stringent obligation . 
 10.6 return of confidential information . except as otherwise set forth in this agreement , upon termination of this agreement , the receiving 
 party shall promptly return , or upon request of the disclosing party destroy and provide write certification of such destruction , all of the 
 disclose party ’s confidential information , include all reproduction and copy thereof in any medium , except that the receive party may retain 
 a reasonable number of archival copy as may be require by law or its reasonable standard document retention policy . 
 10.7 unauthorized use . if either party become aware or have knowledge of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the other party ’s 
 confidential information , it will promptly notify the other party in writing of such unauthorized use or disclosure . 
 10.8 exclusive property . all confidential information be the sole and exclusive property of the disclosing party and the permit use 
 thereof by the receive party for purpose of its performance hereunder will not be deem a license or other right of the receive party to use 
 any such confidential information for any other purpose . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 article 11 
 term and termination 
 11.1 term . this agreement become effective on the effective date and , unless early terminate as provide in this article 11 , shall 
 continue until the five ( 5 ) year anniversary of the effective date ( the " initial term " ) . this agreement shall be automatically renew for successive 
 three ( 3 ) year term thereafter ( each a " renewal term " and together with the initial term , the " term " ) until and unless ( i ) either party provide the 
 other party write notice of non - renewal no later than ninety ( 90 ) day prior the end of the initial term or any renewal term or ( ii ) early terminate 
 as provide in this article 11 . 
 11.2 termination for cause . 
 ( a ) this agreement may be terminate by either party on country - by - country basis , or in its entirety , upon [ ] day prior 
 write notice at any time during the term by give write notice to the other party in the event that such other party have commit a material 
 breach of its obligation under this agreement with respect to such country(ie ) or the agreement in its entirety , as applicable , and such material 
 breach remain uncured for [ ] day from the date of such notice . 
 ( b ) either party may terminate this agreement in its entirety immediately by write notice if the other party ( i ) apply for or 
 consent to the appointment of , or the taking of possession by , a receiver , custodian , trustee or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of 
 its property , ( ii ) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditor , ( iii ) commence a voluntary case under the bankruptcy code of any 
 country , ( iv ) file a petition seek to take advantage of any law relate to bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , winding - up , or composition 
 or readjustment of debt , ( v ) fail to controvert in a timely and appropriate manner , or acquiesce in write to , any petition file against it in any 
 involuntary case under the bankruptcy code of any country , ( vi ) take any corporate action to effect any of the foregoing , ( vii ) have a proceeding or 
 case commence against it in any court of competent jurisdiction , seek ( a ) its liquidation , reorganization , dissolution or winding - up , or the 
 composition or readjustment of its debt , ( b ) the appointment of a trustee , receiver , custodian , liquidator or the like of all or any substantial part of 
 its asset , or ( c ) similar relief under the bankruptcy code of any country , or an order , judgment or decree approve any of the foregoing be enter 
 and continue unstayed for a period of sixty ( 60 ) day , or ( viii ) have an order for relief against it enter in an involuntary case under the bankruptcy 
 code of any country . 
 ( c ) siga may immediately terminate this agreement on a country - by - country basis on notice to mmt if siga receive any 
 information that it in good faith determine to be evidence of an actual breach by mmt or its affiliate of section 8.4(c)(ii ) in such country . in the 
 event of such termination , siga shall have no liability to mmt for any charge , fee , reimbursement , or other compensation or claim under this 
 agreement with respect to such country , include for service previously perform . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 11.3 termination upon certain change of control . [ ] . 
 11.4 termination for failure to [ ] . siga may terminate this agreement immediately upon write notice to mmt if mmt do not , in 
 accordance with the provision of section 2.3 , notify siga in write [ ] . 
 11.5 termination for convenience . notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement , mmt may at any time terminate this 
 agreement on country - by - country basis , or in its entirety , upon [ ] month ' prior write notice to siga . 
 11.6 effect of termination . upon termination of this agreement pursuant to this article 11 , for all customer contract then in force in the 
 territory , mmt shall either ( i ) promptly exercise its right to terminate such customer contract pursuant to termination right accrue from the 
 occurrence of a termination of this agreement or otherwise or ( ii ) upon timely write request of siga , use commercially reasonable effort to 
 assign any customer contract identify in such notice then in force to siga . siga shall be solely responsible for all cost and expense incur 
 under or in connection with the assignment of a customer contract to siga pursuant to clause ( ii ) of this section 11.6 . all cost , penalty or other 
 expense incur under or in connection with any customer contract as a result of mmt ’s termination of a customer contract pursuant to clause 
 ( i ) of this section 11.6 shall be the responsibility of the party terminate this agreement , provide that in the event of a termination under section 
 11.2 , such cost shall be the responsibility of the non - terminating party . 
 11.7 survival . termination or expiration of this agreement will not affect right or obligation of the party under this agreement that have 
 accrue before the date of termination or expiration , include any accrue obligation relate to the delivery of the product pursuant to article 
 5 . notwithstanding anything to the contrary , the follow provision will survive any expiration or termination of this agreement : section 5.6 
 ( adverse event report ) , section 7.1 ( ownership of siga intellectual property ) , article 1 ( definition ) , article 6 ( payment ) ( solely with 
 respect to accrue payment obligation as of the date of termination or expiration of this agreement ) , article 9 ( indemnification ) , article 10 
 ( confidentiality ) , article 11 ( term and termination ) , article 12 ( dispute resolution ) and article 13 ( miscellaneous ) . 
 article 12 
 dispute resolution 
 12.1 executive officer resolution . except with respect to dispute arise from the delivery of an audit report which dispute shall be 
 govern by the term of section 6.6 , if any dispute or disagreement arise between the party in respect of this agreement , to the extent not 
 resolve by the jsc : 
 ( a ) the party claim that such a dispute exist will give notice in write to the other party of the nature of the dispute ( a 
 " notice of dispute " ) . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 ( b ) within thirty ( 30 ) day of receipt of a notice of dispute , the party ’ executive officer will meet and confer in person or by 
 teleconference and at this meeting will use their reasonable effort to resolve such dispute . 
 ( c ) if , within a further period of thirty ( 30 ) day , or in any event within sixty ( 60 ) day of initial receipt of the notice of dispute , the 
 dispute have not be resolve , or if , for any reason , the meeting describe in section 12.1(b ) have not be hold within sixty ( 60 ) day of initial 
 receipt of the notice of dispute , then the party agree that either party may initiate litigation to resolve such dispute . 
 ( d ) notwithstanding any provision of this agreement to the contrary , either party may immediately seek preliminary , temporary or 
 permanent injunctive and other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction to ( i ) prevent or curtail any actual or threatened breach of this 
 agreement that be reasonably likely to cause it irreparable harm or ( ii ) enforce its right under this agreement . 
 12.2 governing law . this agreement and all dispute arise out of or relate to this agreement or any breach hereof be govern by and 
 construe under the law of the state of new york , without give effect to any choice of law principle that would require the application of the 
 law of a different state . 
 12.3 jurisdiction . each party to this agreement hereby ( a ) irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state court of the state 
 of new york or the united states district court for the southern district of new york for the purpose of any and all action , suit or proceeding 
 arise in whole or in part out of , relate to , base upon or in connection with this agreement or the subject matter hereof , ( b ) waif to the extent 
 not prohibit by law , and agree not to assert , by way of motion , as a defense or otherwise , in any such action , any claim that it be not subject 
 personally to the jurisdiction of the above - name court , that its property be exempt or immune from attachment or execution , that any such action 
 bring in one of the above - name court should be dismiss on ground of forum non convenien , should be transfer to any court other 
 than one of the above - name court or that this agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforce in or by such court and ( c ) agree not 
 to commence any such action other than before one of the above - name court nor to make any motion or take any other action seek or 
 intend to cause the transfer or removal of any such action to any court other than one of the above - name court whether on the ground of 
 forum non convenien or otherwise . 
 12.4 no jury trial . the party expressly waive and forego , to the full extent permit by law , any 
 right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding ( whether base on contract , tort or otherwise ) directly or 
 indirectly arise out of or relate to this agreement , the transaction contemplate hereby or the action 
 of the party in the negotiation , administration , performance or enforcement hereof . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 article 13 
 miscellaneous 
 13.1 entire agreement; amendment . this agreement , include the schedule and exhibit hereto , together with the confidentiality 
 agreement reference in section 10.5 , and any other document deliver pursuant hereto or thereto , set forth the complete , final and exclusive 
 agreement and all the covenant , promise , agreement , warranty , representation , condition and understanding between the party hereto and 
 thereto and their affiliate with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede , as of the effective date , all prior and contemporaneous 
 agreement and understanding between the party with respect to the subject matter hereof . there be no covenant , promise , agreement , 
 warranty , representation , condition or understanding , either oral or write , between the party with respect to the subject matter of this 
 agreement other than as be set forth in this agreement . no subsequent alteration , amendment , change or addition to this agreement will be 
 bind upon the party unless reduce to writing and sign by an authorized officer of each party . 
 13.2 force majeure . both party will be excuse from the performance of their obligation under this agreement to the extent that such 
 performance be prevent by force majeure and the non - performing party promptly provide notice of the prevention to the other party . such 
 excuse will continue for so long as the condition constitute force majeure continue and the non - performing party take reasonable effort to 
 remove the condition . for purpose of this agreement , force majeure include condition beyond the control of the party , include an act of 
 god , war , civil commotion , terrorist act , epidemic , failure or default of public utility or common carrier , destruction of production facility or 
 material by fire , earthquake , and storm or like catastrophe . notwithstanding the foregoing , a party will not be excuse from make payment owe 
 hereunder because of a force majeure affect such party . if a force majeure persist for more than sixty ( 60 ) day , then the party will discuss in 
 good faith the modification of the party ’ obligation under this agreement to mitigate the delay cause by such force majeure . 
 13.3 notice . any notice require or permit to be give under this agreement will be in writing , will specifically refer to this agreement , 
 and will be address to the appropriate party at the address specify below or such other address as may be specify by such party in write in 
 accordance with this section 13.3 , and will be deem to have be give for all purpose ( a ) when receive , if hand - deliver or send by email with 
 non - automated confirmed read receipt or a reputable courier service , or ( b ) five ( 5 ) business day after mail , if mail by first class certify or 
 register airmail , postage prepay , return receipt request . 
 if to siga : 
 siga technology , inc . 
 31 east 62nd street , 5th floor 
 new york , ny 10065 
 attn : general counsel 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 with copy to ( which will not constitute notice ): 
 lily wound , esq . 
 wilmerhale 
 7 world trade center 
 250 greenwich street 
 new york , ny 10007 
 email : lily.woundwilmerhale.com 
 if to mmt : 
 meridian medical technologies , inc . 
 6350 steven forest road , suite 301 
 columbia , maryland 21046 
 attn : general manager 
 with a copy to : legal department 
 with a copy to ( which will not constitute notice ): 
 arnold & porter kaye scholer llp 
 250 west 55th street 
 new york , ny 10019 - 9710 
 attn : lowell dashefsky and eric rothman 
 email : lowell.dashefsky arnoldporter.com and 
 eric.rothmanarnoldporter.com 
 13.4 no strict construction; interpretation; heading . the language in this agreement be to be construe in all case accord to its fair 
 meaning . except where the context otherwise require , wherever use , the singular include the plural , the plural the singular , the use of any gender 
 apply to all gender . the word " or " be use in the disjunctive sense and the word " and " be use in the conjunctive sense . the caption of this 
 agreement be for convenience of reference only and in no way define , describe , extend , or limit the scope or intent of this agreement or the intent 
 of any provision contain in this agreement . the term " include , " " include , " or " include " , whether or not follow by " without limitation " or 
 " include , but not limit to , " or word of similar import , shall be construe to mean in each case include , without limit the generality of any 
 description precede such term . the party agree that no meaning should be infer about the use of " without limitation " or " include , but not 
 limit to " in some instance but not other . unless the context require otherwise , ( i ) any definition of or reference to any agreement , instrument or 
 other document will be construe as refer to such agreement , instrument or other document as from time to time amend , supplement or 
 otherwise modify ( subject to any restriction on such amendment , supplement or modification set forth herein or therein ) , ( ii ) any reference to 
 any law will be construe as refer to such law as from time to time enact , repeal or amend , ( iii ) any reference to any person will be 
 construe to include the person ’s successor and permit assign , ( iv ) the word " herein " , " hereof " and " hereunder " , and word of similar 
 import , will be construe to refer to this agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof , ( v ) any reference to the word 
 " mutually agree " or " mutual write agreement " will not impose any obligation on either party to agree to any term relate thereto or to engage in 
 discussion relate to such term except as such party may determine in such party ’s sole discretion , ( vi ) all reference to section , exhibit or 
 schedule will be construe to refer to section , exhibit and schedule to this agreement , ( vii ) the word " day " mean calendar day and the 
 word " month " mean calendar month unless otherwise specify , ( viii ) the word " copy " and " copy " and word of similar import when use in 
 this agreement include , to the extent available , electronic copy , file or database contain the information , file , item , document or material 
 to which such word apply , and ( ix ) any reference " dollar " , " dollar " or " " will be construe to refer to u.s . dollar . the heading of each article 
 and section in this agreement have be insert for convenience of reference only and be not intend to limit or expand on the meaning of the 
 language contain in the particular article or section . each party represent that it have be represent by legal counsel in connection with this 
 agreement and acknowledge that it have participate in the drafting hereof . in interpret and apply the term and provision of this 
 agreement , the party agree that no presumption will apply against the party which draft such term and provision . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 13.5 assignment . neither party may assign or transfer this agreement or any right or obligation hereunder without the prior write 
 consent of the other party , except that a party may make such an assignment without the other party ’s consent to its affiliate or to a third party 
 successor of , or transferee to , asset of such party to which this agreement relate , whether in a merger , sale of stock , sale of asset or other 
 transaction . any successor or assignee of right or obligation permit hereunder will , in write to the other party , expressly assume 
 performance of such right or obligation . any permit assignment will be bind on the successor of the assign party . any assignment or 
 attempt assignment by either party in violation of the term of this section 13.5 be null , void and of no legal effect . 
 13.6 performance by affiliate . subject to section 2.1(b ) , each party may discharge any obligation and exercise any right hereunder 
 through any of its affiliate . each party hereby guarantee the performance by its affiliate of such party ’s obligation under this agreement , and 
 will cause its affiliate to comply with the provision of this agreement in connection with such performance . any breach by a party ’s affiliate of 
 any of such party ’s obligation under this agreement be a breach by such party , and the other party may proceed directly against such party 
 without any obligation to first proceed against such party ’s affiliate . 
 13.7 further assurance and action . each party , upon the request of the other party , whether make before or after the effective date and 
 without further consideration , will do , execute , acknowledge , and deliver or cause to be do , execute , acknowledge or deliver all such further 
 act , deed , document , assignment , transfer , conveyance , power of attorney , instrument and assurance as may be reasonably necessary to 
 effect complete consummation of the transaction contemplate by this agreement , and to do all such other act , as may be necessary or 
 appropriate to carry out the purpose and intent of this agreement . the party agree to execute and deliver such other document , certificate , 
 agreement and other writing and to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to consummate or implement expeditiously the 
 transaction contemplate by this agreement . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 13.8 severability . each of the provision contain in this agreement will be severable , and the unenforceability of one will not affect the 
 enforceability of any other or of the remainder of this agreement . if any one or more of the provision of this agreement , or the application 
 thereof in any circumstance , be hold to be invalid , illegal , or unenforceable in any respect for any reason , the party will negotiate in good faith 
 with a view to the substitution therefor of a suitable and equitable solution to carry out , so far as may be valid and enforceable , the intent and 
 purpose of such invalid provision; provide , however , that the validity , legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and 
 of the remain provision of this agreement will not be in any way impair thereby , it be intend that all of the right and privilege of the 
 party hereto will be enforceable to the full extent permit by law . 
 13.9 no waiver . any term or condition of this agreement may be waive at any time by the party that be entitle to the benefit thereof , but 
 no such waiver will be effective unless set forth in a write instrument duly execute by or on behalf of the party waive such term or condition . 
 the waiver , delay or the failure of any party to enforce or exercise any term , condition or part of this agreement at any time or in any one or more 
 instance will not be deem to be or construe as a waiver of the same or any other term , condition or part , nor will it forfeit any right , power or 
 privilege to future enforcement thereof . no single or partial exercise of any right , power or privilege will preclude any other or further exercise of 
 such right , power or privilege or the exercise of any other right , power or privilege . to the maximum extent permit by law , ( a ) no claim or right 
 arise out of this agreement or any of the document refer to in this agreement can be discharge by one party , in whole or in part , by a waiver 
 or renunciation of the claim or right unless in writing sign by the other party; ( b ) no waiver that may be give by a party will be applicable except 
 in the specific instance for which it be given; and ( c ) no notice to or demand on one party will be deem to be a waiver of any obligation of that 
 party or of the right of the party give such notice or demand to take further action without notice or demand as provide in this agreement or the 
 document refer to in this agreement . except as expressly set forth in this agreement , all right and remedy available to a party , whether under 
 this agreement or afford by law or otherwise , will be cumulative and not in the alternative to any other right or remedy that may be available 
 to such party . 
 13.10 relationship of the party . neither party will have any responsibility for the hiring , termination or compensation of the other party ’s 
 employee or for any employee benefit of such employee . no employee or representative of a party will have any authority to bind or obligate the 
 other party to this agreement for any sum or in any manner whatsoever , or to create or impose any contractual or other liability on the other party 
 without say party ’s approval . for all purpose , and notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement to the contrary , siga ’s legal 
 relationship to mmt under this agreement will be that of independent contractor and nothing in this agreement give either party the power or 
 authority to act for , bind , or commit the other party in any way . this agreement be not a partnership agreement . nothing in this agreement will be 
 construe to establish a relationship of partner , principal and agent or joint venturer between the party or their respective employee or 
 affiliate . nothing contain in this agreement shall be construe to create a " separate entity " or " business entity " within the meaning of the u.s . 
 internal revenue code or the regulation thereunder and any foreign equivalent thereto . neither mmt nor siga will make any statement , 
 representation , or commitment of any kind , or to take any action that be bind on the other , without the prior consent of the other party to do 
 so . 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 13.11 english language . this agreement be prepare in the english language , which language govern the interpretation of , and any 
 dispute regard , the term of this agreement . 
 13.12 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in one or more counterpart , each of which be an original , but all of which together 
 constitute one and the same instrument . each party may execute this agreement by facsimile transmission or by pdf . in addition , facsimile or pdf 
 signature of authorized signatory of any party will be deem to be original signature and will be valid and binding , and delivery of a facsimile 
 or pdf signature by any party will constitute due execution and delivery of this agreement . 
 13.13 schedule . the disclosure of any matter in any section of or on any schedule to this agreement will only be deem to be a 
 disclosure for the section or subsection of this agreement to which it correspond in number , unless the applicability of such schedule to any 
 other section be readily apparent . the disclosure of any matter in any schedule to this agreement will expressly not be deem to ( a ) constitute an 
 admission by either party hereto , or ( b ) imply that any such matter be material for purpose of this agreement . 
 13.14 expense . each of the party will bear its own direct and indirect expense incur in connection with the negotiation and 
 preparation of this agreement and , except as set forth in this agreement , the performance of the obligation contemplate hereby and thereby . 
 [ remainder of this page intentionally leave blank ] 

 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 in witness whereof , the party hereto have cause this agreement to be execute by their duly authorize officer as of the effective 
 date . 
 siga technology , inc . 
 meridian medical technologies , inc . 
 by : 
 /s/ phillip l. gomez , iii 
 by : 
 /s/ thomas handel 
 name : phillip l. gomez , iii 
 name : thomas handel 
 title : ceo 
 title : general manager and president 
 signature page to promotion agreement 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 exhibit a 
 permit subcontractor 
 none . 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 exhibit b 
 business plan 
 [ ] 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 exhibit c 
 siga press release 
 see attach . 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 schedule 1 
 siga patent 
 issue patent 
 patent number 
 country 
 protection confer 
 issue date 
 expiration date 
 sg 184201 
 singapore 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and pharmaceutical composition 
 contain the polymorph 
 june 22 , 2015 
 march 23 , 2031 
 ru 2578606 
 russia 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxvirus 
 march 27 , 2016 
 march 23 , 2031 
 oa 16109 
 oapi / africa 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxvirus 
 october 31 , 2013 
 march 23 , 2031 
 nz 602578 
 new zealand 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxvirus 
 december 2 , 2014 
 march 23 , 2031 
 mx 326231 
 mexico 
 pharmaceutical composition contain st-246 and one 
 or more additional ingredient and dosage unit form 
 contain st-246 
 december 11 , 2014 
 april 23 , 2027 
 mx 348481 
 mexico 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 june 15 , 2017 
 april 23 , 2027 
 mx 361428 
 mexico 
 polymorphic form of st-246 and method of preparation 
 december 6 , 2018 
 march 23 , 2031 
 mx 363189 
 mexico 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 march 14 , 2019 
 april 23 , 2027 
 jp 4884216 
 japan 
 therapeutic agent for treat orthopoxvirus include 
 st-246 , pharmaceutical composition of matter for the st- 
 246 compound and method of manufacture st-246 
 december 16 , 2011 
 june 18 , 2024 
 jp 5657489 
 japan 
 method of manufacture st-246 
 december 5 , 2014 
 june 18 , 2024 
 jp 6018041 
 japan 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and pharmaceutical composition 
 contain the polymorph 
 october 7 , 2016 
 march 23 , 2031 
 jp 6188802 
 japan 
 method of prepare tecovirimat 
 august 10 , 2017 
 august 14 , 2033 
 jp 6444460 
 japan 
 method of prepare tecovirimat 
 december 7 , 2018 
 august 14 , 2033 
 cn 2011800245893 
 china 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and pharmaceutical composition 
 contain the polymorph 
 august 26 , 2015 
 march 23 , 2031 
 cn 2013800429237 
 china 
 method of prepare tecovirimat 
 june 20 , 2017 
 august 14 , 2033 
 can 2529761 
 canada 
 use of st-246 to treat orthopoxvirus infection , 
 pharmaceutical composition contain st-246 and 
 composition of matter for the st-246 compound 
 august 13 , 2013 
 june 18 , 2024 
 can 2685153 
 canada 
 pharmaceutical composition contain st-246 and one 
 or more additional ingredient and dosage unit form 
 contain st-246 
 december 16 , 2014 
 april 23 , 2027 
 can 2793533 
 canada 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and pharmaceutical composition 
 contain the polymorph 
 february 26 , 2019 
 march 23 . 2031 
 can 2866037 
 canada 
 chemical , composition and method for treatment and 
 prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and associated 
 disease 
 may 16 , 2017 
 april 23 , 2027 
 au 2004249250 
 australia 
 method of treat orthopoxvirus infection , 
 pharmaceutical composition contain st-246 and 
 composition of matter for the st-246 compound 
 march 29 , 2012 
 june 18 , 2024 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 patent number 
 country 
 protection confer 
 issue date 
 expiration date 
 au 2007351866 
 australia 
 pharmaceutical composition contain st-246 and one 
 or more additional ingredient and dosage unit form 
 contain st-246 
 january 10 , 2013 
 june 18 , 2024 
 au 2011232551 
 australia 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxvirus 
 february 26 , 2015 
 march 23 , 2031 
 au 2013302764 
 australia 
 method of prepare tecovirimat 
 april 5 , 2018 
 august 14 , 2033 
 au 2012268859 
 australia 
 pharmaceutical composition contain st-246 and one 
 or more additional ingredient and dosage unit form 
 contain st-246 
 august 18 , 2016 
 june 18 , 2024 
 ap 3221 
 aripo / africa certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxvirus 
 april 3 , 2015 
 march 23 , 2031 
 za 2012/07141 
 south africa 
 certain polymorph of st-246 , method of preparation of 
 the polymorph and pharmaceutical composition 
 contain the polymorph 
 june 29 , 2016 
 march 23 , 2031 
 il 201736 
 israel 
 pharmaceutical composition contain st-246 and one 
 or more additional ingredient and dosage unit form 
 contain st-246 
 october 1 , 2016 
 april 23 , 2027 
 il 236944 
 israel 
 method of prepare tecovirimat 
 february 1 , 2017 
 august 14 , 2033 
 il 242666 
 israel 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 december 1 , 2018 
 april 23 , 2027 
 at 1638938 
 austria 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 be 1638938 
 belgium 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 be 2549871 
 belgium 
 polymorphic form of st-246 
 august 22 , 2018 
 march 23 , 2031 
 ch 1638938 
 switzerland 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 ch 2549871 
 switzerland 
 polymorphic form of st-246 
 august 22 , 2018 
 march 23 , 2031 
 de 1638938 
 germany 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 de 2549871 
 germany 
 polymorphic form of st-246 
 august 22 , 2018 
 march 23 , 2031 
 de 2887938 
 germany 
 method of prepare tecovirimat 
 january 10 , 2018 
 august 14 , 2033 
 dk 1638938 
 denmark 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 dk 2549871 
 denmark 
 polymorphic form of st-246 
 august 22 , 2018 
 march 23 , 2031 
 e 1638938 
 spain 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 fi 1638938 
 finland 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 patent number 
 country 
 protection confer 
 issue date 
 expiration date 
 fr 1638938 
 france 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 fr 2887938 
 france 
 method of prepare tecovirimat 
 january 10 , 2018 
 august 14 , 2033 
 fr 2549871 
 france 
 polymorphic form of st-246 
 august 22 , 2018 
 march 23 , 2031 
 gb 1638938 
 united kingdom 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 gb 2887938 
 united kingdom method of prepare tecovirimat 
 january 10 , 2018 
 august 14 , 2033 
 gb 2549871 
 united kingdom polymorphic form of st-246 
 august 22 , 2018 
 march 23 , 2031 
 ie 1638938 
 ireland 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 it 502017000078377 
 italy 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 nl 1638938 
 netherland 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 pl 1638938 
 poland 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 se 1638938 
 sweden 
 compound , composition and method for treatment 
 and prevention of orthopoxvirus infection and 
 associate disease 
 april 12 , 2017 
 june 18 , 2024 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 patent application 
 [ ] 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 schedule 2 
 siga trademark 
 [ ] 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 schedule 3 
 safety reporting requirement 
 safety reporting requirement for the product 
 1 . 
 scope : 
 siga have a legal and corporate responsibility to comply with applicable regulation govern the collection and reporting of adverse 
 event ( " ae(s ) " ) , at risk scenario ( " arss " ) , unexpected therapeutic effect ( " ute " ) , and product quality complaint ( " pqc(s ) " ) 
 associate with the product , as these term be define below . for the purpose of this exhibit , aes , arss , ute , and pqcs be collectively 
 term " safety report . " 
 mmt be expressly entitle to perform any regulatory responsibility for the product through any of its affiliate . mmt or an affiliate of 
 mmt shall exchange safety report with the siga contact list in section 4.1 reporting time - frame . throughout this safety reporting 
 exhibit , siga shall be refer to as " siga " and mmt and its affiliate collectively as " promoter . " at all time siga and promoter shall 
 follow the procedure set out below . 
 the procedure describe in this agreement be to be follow for pharmacovigilance activity for the product , irrespective of any other 
 activity between siga and promoter which be contain within the agreement . 
 2 . 
 definition : 
 2.1 . 
 adverse event ( ae ): an ae be any untoward medical occurrence in a patient administer the product . the event need not have a 
 causal relationship with the treatment or usage . this include , but be not limit to : 
 • 
 abnormal test finding 
 • 
 clinically significant symptom and sign 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 • 
 change in physical examination finding 
 • 
 hypersensitivity 
 • 
 progression / worsening of underlie disease 
 • 
 lack of drug efficacy 
 • 
 drug abuse 
 • 
 drug dependency 
 • 
 sign and symptom result from drug withdrawal and drug interaction 
 • 
 suspect transmission of an infectious agent via a medicinal product 
 2.2 . 
 at risk scenario ( arss ): circumstance where the report do not include an ae per se , but nevertheless need to be report to 
 siga . these circumstance include : 
 • 
 medication error ( include incorrect prescription or dispensing of a prescription , whether or not administer to the patient ) 
 • 
 exposure during pregnancy 
 • 
 exposure during breastfeed 
 • 
 overdose 
 • 
 extravasation 
 • 
 occupational exposure 
 • 
 off - label use 
 2.3 . 
 unexpected therapeutic effect ( ute ): a beneficial therapeutic effect of the product aside from the use for which it have be give . 
 2.4 . 
 product quality complaint ( pqc(s ) ): be any written or oral expression of dissatisfaction relative to the physical property , condition , 
 labelling , potency and/or packaging of the product , include whether the product be suspect or confirm to be counterfeit . 
 3 . 
 promoter responsibility : 
 3.1 . 
 promoter shall ensure that all employee and , if applicable , subcontractor employee perform activity under this agreement 
 ( " promoter personnel " ) who may become aware of a safety report associate with the use of the product comply with the 
 requirement set out in this exhibit . 
 3.2 . 
 if promoter personnel become aware of a safety report that may be associate with the product , promoter shall inform siga in 
 accordance with the reporting procedure include in this exhibit and as may be update and provide to promoter in the future by 
 siga . 
 3.3 . 
 in the event promoter engage a subcontractor to perform service relate to this agreement , promoter shall request fulfilment by 
 that subcontractor of these safety reporting requirement on substantially the same term as those outline in this exhibit , unless it be 
 establish that there be no possibility that the subcontract service will involve receipt or handling of safety report by the 
 subcontractor . 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 3.4 . 
 in the event that promoter receive a communication from a regulatory authority relate to the product , promoter shall inform siga 
 as soon as possible , but in any event no later than one ( 1 ) business day or three ( 3 ) calendar day of receipt , whichever be short . 
 where possible , siga shall be inform prior to , and have the opportunity to review , any response to the regulatory authority by 
 promoter . 
 4 . 
 reporting process : 
 4.1 . 
 report time - frame : promoter shall report all safety report to siga within two ( 2 ) business day or four ( 4 ) calendar day of 
 awareness , whichever be short . all report shall be send to : 
 drug safety unit - 
 contact detail : regulatory affair , siga technology 
 e - mail : 
 drugsafetysiga.com 
 telephone : 
 541 - 753 - 2000 
 fax : 
 541 - 753 - 9999 
 postal address : 
 siga technology , inc . 
 4575 research way , suite 110 , corvallis , or 97333 
 4.2 . 
 case receipt confirmation : the receipt of safety report from promoter shall be acknowledge by siga in write no later than one 
 ( 1 ) business day follow receipt . if acknowledgement of receipt be not receive within this timeframe , then promoter shall contact 
 siga to determine if the source document need to be re - send . 
 4.3 . 
 case documentation and record retention : promoter shall document all safety report receive and report to siga . 
 documentation shall include , where possible the name , address , and telephone number of the reporter , and whether consent have be 
 give by the reporter to be re - contact by siga . promoter will maintain a record of each safety report receive , include relevant 
 source document , and a record of each safety report report to siga for a minimum period of ten ( 10 ) year after the expiration or 
 termination of this agreement and , if request , will provide these and any other information request by siga . notwithstanding 
 the aforementioned requirement , before promoter destroy any safety report and associate source document , or training record , 
 it will notify siga of its intention to do so and afford siga the opportunity to retain such record if it so wish . 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 5 . 
 datum privacy : 
 in forward safety report to siga , promoter shall comply with all applicable privacy and datum protection law , rule and regulation on 
 the protection of individual with regard to the processing of personal datum and the free movement of such datum . " personal datum " mean 
 information that can be use by itself or in combination with other available information to identify a specific individual . the promoter shall 
 collect , use and disclose any personal datum obtain in the course of perform the safety relate activity under this agreement solely for 
 the purpose of comply with the regulatory obligation as describe in this agreement , or as otherwise require by law or by a court 
 order . promoter shall use electronic , physical , and other safeguard appropriate to the nature of the information to prevent any use or 
 disclosure of personal datum other than as provide for by this agreement . promoter will also take reasonable precaution to protect the 
 personal datum from alteration or destruction . 
 promoter shall notify siga promptly of any accidental , unauthorized , or unlawful destruction , loss , alteration , or disclosure of , or access to , 
 the personal datum ( " security breach " ) , and take immediate step to rectify any security breach . 
 6 . 
 audit : 
 siga , or its authorized representative , shall have the right , at its cost , with reasonable advance notice , during regular business hour , to 
 audit the facility use by the promoter in order to review the promoter activity under this exhibit include , but not limit to , any 
 document relevant to these activity , for compliance with the safety reporting requirement set out in this exhibit . where evidence of non- 
 compliance be identify siga and promoter will jointly discuss to determine appropriate corrective and preventive action and promoter will 
 provide siga with regular report on the completion status of the identify corrective and preventive action . 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019 
 schedule 8.2(b ) 
 encumbrance 
 the asset of siga be subject to a lien under the loan and security agreement date september 2 , 2016 . 
 source : siga technologies inc , 8 - k , 6/3/2019