exhibit 10.1 
 cologuard ® 
 promotion agreement 
 by and between 
 exact science corporation 
 and 
 pfizer inc . 
 august 21 , 2018 
 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 table of content 
 . 
 definition 

 2 . 
 governance 

 2.1 
 joint steering committee 

 2.2 
 joint operation committee 

 2.3 
 joint review committee 

 2.4 
 finance representative 

 2.5 
 alliance manager 

 2.6 
 compliance manager 

 3 . 
 appointment; product ownership; marketing and sale 

 3.1 
 appointment 

 3.2 
 responsibility for product 

 3.3 
 annual marketing plan 

 3.4 
 sale promotion , detail effort and idn promotion 

 3.5 
 pfizer investment and support 

 3.6 
 exact investment and support 

 3.7 
 change in share m&p expense 

 4 . 
 accounting 

 4.1 
 responsibility for share m&p expense 

 4.2 
 promotion fee 

 4.3 
 fee statement and payment 

 4.4 
 taxis and withholding 

 4.5 
 no partnership provision 

 4.6 
 payments; currency 

 4.7 
 maintenance of records; audit 

 5 . 
 representation , warranty and covenant 

 5.1 
 mutual representation and warranty 

 5.2 
 representation and warranty of exact 

 5.3 
 covenant 

 5.4 
 compliance with law and ethical business practice 

 5.5 
 notice of investigation 

 5.6 
 representation by legal counsel 

 5.7 
 no inconsistent agreement 

 5.8 
 disclaimer 

 6 . 
 indemnification; limitation of liability and insurance 

 6.1 
 indemnification 

 6.2 
 insurance requirement 

 6.3 
 limitation of liability 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 7 . 
 confidentiality; publicity 

 7.1 
 confidentiality 

 7.2 
 authorize disclosure and use 

 7.3 
 certain regulatory filing 

 7.4 
 public announcement 

 7.5 
 use of name 

 8 . 
 term and termination 

 8.1 
 term 

 8.2 
 renewal 

 8.3 
 termination for cause 

 8.4 
 termination without cause 

 8.5 
 mutual termination 

 8.6 
 termination for change of control 

 8.7 
 royalty upon expiration 

 8.8 
 consequence of termination 

 8.9 
 survival of certain obligation 

 9 . 
 miscellaneous 

 9.1 
 interpretation 

 9.2 
 assignment 

 9.3 
 further action 

 9.4 
 force majeure 

 9.5 
 notice 

 9.6 
 amendment 

 9.7 
 waiver 

 9.8 
 severability 

 9.9 
 descriptive heading 

 9.10 
 governing law 

 9.11 
 dispute resolution 

 9.12 
 entire agreement of the party 

 9.13 
 independent contractor 

 9.14 
 no legal advice 

 9.15 
 counterpart 

 exhibit 
 exhibit 1.24 
 – 
 cost of sale 
 exhibit 1.39 
 – 
 exact trademark 
 exhibit 2.2(c)(iv ) 
 – 
 calendar quarter performance metric 
 exhibit 3.2(c)(i ) 
 – 
 sale deployment plan 
 exhibit 3.3(b ) 
 – 
 annual marketing plan outline 
 exhibit 3.4(a ) 
 – 
 promotion fee reduction 
 exhibit 7.4 
 – 
 press release 
 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 exhibit 8.8(b ) 
 – 
 tail period advertising service 
 ii 
 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 agreement 
 this agreement ( the " agreement " ) be make and enter into as of august 21 , 2018 ( the " effective date " ) , by and between pfizer inc . 
 ( " pfizer " ) , a delaware corporation , with a principal place of business at 235 east 42nd street , new york , new york 10017 and exact science 
 corporation ( " exact " ) , a delaware corporation with a principal place of business at 441 charmany drive , madison , wisconsin 53719 . pfizer and 
 exact may each be refer to herein individually as a " party " and collectively as the " party " . 
 whereas , exact have marketing and proprietary right to the product ( as define below ) in the united states; 
 whereas , pfizer have sale , marketing , analytical , and other core capability and competency to promote and market brand 
 prescription products; and 
 whereas , exact desire to work with pfizer to leverage pfizer ’s expertise in sale , marketing , analytical , and other core capability and 
 competency for the product in the united states and pfizer desire to provide such expertise , include through its sale representative , and to 
 invest in exact ’s promotion of the product in the united states . 
 now therefore , in consideration of the mutual promise and covenant set forth below and other good and valuable consideration , 
 the receipt and sufficiency of which be hereby acknowledge , the party hereby agree as follow : 
 1 . definition . 
 1.1 " advamed code " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(c)(ii ) . 
 1.2 " advertising " shall mean the pay advertising , planning , purchasing and placement of advertising for a prescription medical device 
 subject to pre - market approval in the territory through any mean , include television , print , radio / audio , in - office / placed- 
 base , digital , web , search ( sem / seo ) , social medium , mobile and any and all new and emerge medium channel for consumer , 
 healthcare institution and healthcare provider . 
 1.3 " affiliate(s ) " shall mean , with respect to any party , any other person which control , be control by or be under common control 
 with such party . a person shall be regard as in control of another person if it own or control at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of 
 the equity security of such other person entitle to vote in the election of director ( or , in the case of an entity that be not a 
 corporation , for the election of the correspond managing authority); provide , however , that the term " affiliate " shall not 
 include subsidiary or other entity in which a party or its affiliate own a majority of the ordinary voting power necessary to 
 elect a majority of the board of director or other governing board , but be restrict from elect such majority by contract or 
 otherwise , until such time as such restriction be no long in effect . 
 1.4 " agreement " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 1.5 " alliance manager " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.5 . 
 1.6 " annual marketing plan " shall mean the plan for the marketing and promotion of the product in the territory for each full or partial 
 calendar year as describe in section 3.3 , as prepare and update from time to time pursuant to section 3.3 . 
 1.7 " annual supplemental promotion fee " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(c)(i ) . 
 1.8 " applicable compliance / review policy " shall mean , with respect to pfizer , its write code of ethic and professional conduct and , 
 with respect to exact , its write code of business conduct and ethic , and such policy and standard operating procedure 
 that be adhere to by such party in connection with the product and any payment or service contemplate by this 
 agreement , as the same may be amend from time to time . 
 1.9 " applicable law " shall mean any law , statute , rule , regulation , order , judgment , ordinance , administrative code , decree , directive , 
 injunction or permit ( include regulatory approval ) of any court , arbitral body , agency , department , authority or other 
 instrumentality of any national , state , county , city or other political subdivision applicable to a party ’s activity to be perform 
 under this agreement . for the avoidance of doubt , any specific reference to any applicable law or any portion thereof , shall 
 be deem to include all amendment , replacement or successor thereto . 
 1.10 " audit party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.7(b)(i ) . 
 1.11 " auditing party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.7(b)(i ) . 
 1.12 " baseline laboratory service revenue " shall mean , with respect to a particular calendar year during the term , the amount set 
 forth in section 4.2(b ) . 
 1.13 " baseline m&p expense " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.6 . 
 1.14 " business day " shall mean any day other than a saturday , sunday , or a bank or other public holiday in new york , new york , united 
 state . 
 1.15 " calendar quarter " shall mean the respective period of three ( 3 ) consecutive calendar month end on march 31 , june 30 , 
 september 30 or december 31 . 
 1.16 " calendar year " shall mean the respective period of twelve ( 12 ) calendar month , each such period end on december 31 of the 
 applicable year for as long as this agreement be in effect . 
 1.17 " calendar year baseline laboratory service revenue " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(b ) . 
 1.18 " change of control " shall mean , with respect to a party : ( a ) the sale of all or substantially all of such party ’s asset or business 
 relate to the subject matter of this agreement; ( b ) a merger , reorganization , or consolidation involve such party in which the 
 holder of vote security of such party outstanding immediately 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 prior thereto cease to hold at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the combine voting power of the survive entity or acquire entity 
 ( or its parent ) immediately after such merger , reorganization , or consolidation; or ( c ) the acquisition of more than fifty percent 
 ( 50 ) of the voting equity security of such party as a result of a single transaction or a series of related transaction . 
 1.19 " cia " shall have the meaning set forth in section 5.4(j ) . 
 1.20 " claim " shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.1(a ) . 
 1.21 " compliance manager " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.6 . 
 1.22 " confidential information " shall have the meaning set forth in section 7.1 . 
 1.23 " co - promote field " shall mean those physician and practice customarily consider primary care or gastroenterology provider 
 and practice and , subject to section 3.1(c)(ii ) and 4.2(d ) , the ob / gyn field , in the territory . for clarity , if exact , either through 
 its own sale representative or by agreement with a third party , launch the product in the ob / gyn field , the co - promote 
 field shall not include the ob / gyn field . 
 1.24 " cost of sale " shall mean the direct and indirect cost attributable to sale of the product laboratory service , as calculate in 
 accordance with exhibit 1.24 , and as consistently determine in accordance with gaap . 
 1.25 " debar / exclude " shall have the meaning set forth in section 5.1(g ) . 
 1.26 " detail " shall mean a customary face - to - face or non - face - to - face contact of a sale representative of a party with an eligible 
 prescriber during which such sale representative make a presentation of certain of the product ’s attribute , such as 
 describe the fda - approve indicate us , safety , effectiveness , or other relevant characteristic of the product , in a fair and 
 balanced manner and in accordance with the requirement of this agreement and applicable law and in a manner that be 
 customary for the purpose of promote a prescription medical device subject to pre - market approval , but exclude : ( a ) any 
 activity perform by any representative other than a sale representative who be not conduct a face - to - face or non - face- 
 to - face sale call , ( b ) presentation make at convention or ( c ) mere delivery of saving card , coupon or similar item without 
 discussion with an eligible prescriber about the product; provide that , such measurement shall be on the same basis as the 
 record party ’s measurement for its sale representative ' detail of its other medical device subject to pre - market 
 approval or prescription pharmaceutical product ( as applicable ) , consistently apply throughout the term . for clarity , non- 
 face - to - face contact shall mean e - detailing , video detail or other presentation of promotional material by a sale 
 representative to an eligible prescriber via audio , video , internet , use webex or other similar live conference application , and 
 in all instance that allow for real time , detailed and substantive communication between the sale representative and the 
 eligible prescriber regard the product and would be consider a detail by pfizer for its own product under its own 
 guideline , but shall exclude any such communication , such as telephone call , during which such detailed and visual 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 exchange of information do not occur . " detail , " when use as a verb , and " detail " shall have correlative meaning . 
 1.27 " disclose party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 7.1 . 
 1.28 " dispute joc matter " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.2(d ) . 
 1.29 " dispute jrc matter " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.3(d ) . 
 1.30 " dispute jsc matter " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(e ) . 
 1.31 " effective date " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.32 " eligible prescriber " shall mean ( a ) a health care provider who have the authority to prescribe the product under applicable law 
 and ( b ) any other health care professional without prescribe authority but who ( i ) be reasonably believe to assist with patient 
 care and reimbursement for healthcare service in the office of a health care provider who have authority to prescribe the product 
 under applicable law , and ( ii ) be allow to receive promotion . 
 1.33 " exact " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.34 " exact copyright " shall mean all statutory and common law copyright own by exact in and to the promotional material , 
 advertising material or product label use in the territory . 
 1.35 " exact house mark " shall mean the exact trade name and logo , include all registration and application for registration of any 
 of the foregoing in the territory . 
 1.36 " exact indemnitee " shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.1(b ) . 
 1.37 " exact jsc member " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(a ) . 
 1.38 " exact patent right " shall mean the patent right own or control by exact as of the effective date . 
 1.39 " exact sponsorship and relate activity " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(d)(i ) . 
 1.40 " exact trademark " shall mean ( a ) the trademark list on exhibit 1.39 and the registration thereof , ( b ) any pending or future 
 trademark registration application own or control and use in connection with or intend for use in connection with the 
 product in the territory , ( c ) any unregistered trademark right use in connection with the product as may exist through use in 
 the territory , ( d ) any current or future modification or variant of any of the forego right , and ( e ) any future trademark 
 adopt by exact or its affiliate for use in connection with the product in the territory . 
 1.41 " exclude channel " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(d ) . 
 1.42 " ex - us commercial right " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(c)(i ) . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 1.43 " ex - us commercial right transfer notice " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(c)(i ) . 
 1.44 " fda " shall mean the united states food and drug administration or any successor agency thereto . 
 1.45 " fd&c act " shall mean the united states federal food , drug , and cosmetic act , as amend , and the rule and regulation 
 promulgate thereunder . 
 1.46 " finance representative " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.4 . 
 1.47 " first promotion fee period " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(c)(i ) . 
 1.48 " first supplemental promotion fee " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(c)(i ) . 
 1.49 " gaap " shall mean united states generally accept accounting principle , consistently apply . 
 1.50 " governmental authority " to be broadly interpret and include : ( a ) any national , federal , state , local , regional , or foreign 
 government , or level , branch , or subdivision thereof; ( b ) any multinational or public international organization or authority; ( c ) 
 any ministry , department , bureau , division , authority , agency , commission , or body entitle to exercise any administrative , 
 executive , judicial , legislative , police , regulatory , or tax authority or power; ( d ) any court , tribunal , or governmental arbitrator 
 or arbitral body; ( e ) any government - own or control institution or entity; ( f ) any enterprise or instrumentality perform a 
 governmental function; and ( g ) any political party . 
 1.51 " government official " to be broadly interpret , shall mean ( a ) any elected or appoint government official ( e.g. , a member of a 
 ministry of health); ( b ) any employee or person act for or on behalf of a government , government - control entity or 
 enterprise perform a governmental function; ( c ) any political party , candidate for public office , officer , employee , or person 
 act for or on behalf of a political party or candidate for public office; ( d ) any employee or person act for or on behalf of a 
 public international organization ( e.g. , the united nations); or ( e ) any individual who hold himself or herself out to be the 
 authorize intermediary of any of the foregoing . for clarity , healthcare provider employ by government - own hospital 
 shall be consider government official . 
 1.52 " gross margin " shall mean laboratory service revenue less cost of sale . 
 1.53 " gross margin percent " shall mean the percentage as determine by multiply ( a ) the fractional value of gross margin divide 
 by laboratory service revenue by ( b ) one hundred percent ( 100 ) . 
 1.54 " idn " shall mean an integrated healthcare delivery network . 
 1.55 " incentive compensation " shall mean the compensation pay by or under the 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 authority of pfizer or any of its affiliate to a sale representative involve in the promotion of the product under this 
 agreement base directly or indirectly on the sale of the product ( include the product ) be promote by such sale 
 representative in the territory , include any target bonus , award or other incentive , but exclude ( i ) base salary and ( ii ) single 
 product ad hoc award or other similar individual product incentive , such as " special incentive plan " that , in the aggregate , 
 do not exceed 2,000 per calendar year . 
 1.56 " include revenue percentage " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(d ) . 
 1.57 " incremental laboratory service revenue " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(a ) . 
 1.58 " indemnify party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.1(c)(i ) . 
 1.59 " indemnify party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.1(c)(i ) . 
 1.60 " joc " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.2(a ) 
 1.61 " joc co - chair " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.2(a ) . 
 1.62 " jrc " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.3(a ) . 
 1.63 " jsc " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(a ) . 
 1.64 " jsc co - chair " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(b ) . 
 1.65 " jsc member " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(a ) . 
 1.66 " kam team " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.4(c ) . 
 1.67 " laboratory service revenue " shall mean , with respect to a particular calendar quarter , as applicable , exact ’s revenue earn from 
 perform the product laboratory service in the territory with regard to patient sample collect in the territory , subject to 
 section 4.2(d ) , as calculate by exact in accordance with gaap consistently apply , less the follow deduction : ( i ) trade , 
 quantity or cash discount , credit , adjustment or allowance , include without limitation those grant in connection with 
 manage care network agreement and those grant on account of price adjustment , billing error , reject good , damage 
 good or incomplete test or other services; ( ii ) rebate and chargeback allow , give or accrue ( include , but not limit 
 to , cash , governmental and manage care rebate , hospital or other buying group chargeback , and governmental taxis in the 
 nature of a rebate base on usage level or sale of the product laboratory service); and ( iii ) patient compliance incentive that 
 be treat as a reduction in revenue in accordance with gaap , include without limitation gift card to patient . 
 1.68 " launch date " shall mean october 1 , 2018 . 
 1.69 " marketing " shall mean , with respect to a medical device subject to pre - market 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 approval , advertising , public relation , medical education activity , market research , creation , development , and distribution of 
 advertising and promotional material , field literature , direct or indirect educational campaign , and exhibit at seminar and 
 convention . when use as a verb , " market " mean to engage in marketing . 
 1.70 " ob / gyn commercial right " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(c)(ii ) . 
 1.71 " ob / gyn commercial right transfer notice " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(c)(ii ) . 
 1.72 " ob / gyn field " shall mean those healthcare professional and practice customarily consider ob / gyn provider and practice . 
 1.73 " occurrence " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.6(c ) . 
 1.74 " party " or " party " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.75 " patent right " shall mean any and all ( a ) issue patent , ( b ) pende patent application , include all provisional application , 
 substitution , continuation , continuation - in - part , divisional , and renewal , and all patent grant thereon , ( c ) patent of 
 addition , reissue , reexamination and extension or restoration by exist or future extension or restoration mechanism , 
 include patent term adjustment , patent term extension , supplementary protection certificate or the equivalent thereof , ( d ) 
 inventor ’s certificate , ( e ) other form of government issue right substantially similar to the foregoing and ( f ) united states 
 and foreign counterpart of any of the foregoing . 
 1.76 " payer " shall mean a third party entity that pay a portion or all of the cost of the product laboratory service perform with 
 respect to a give patient use the product . for clarity , a patient who pay for the cost of his or her own product laboratory 
 service , in whole or in part , shall not be include in this definition of " payer " and a " payer " may include government entity or 
 agency , manage care organization , and health or prescription insurance provider . 
 1.77 " person " shall mean an individual , sole proprietorship , partnership , limited partnership , limited liability partnership , corporation , 
 limited liability company , business trust , joint stock company , trust , incorporate association , joint venture or similar entity or 
 organization , include a government or political subdivision or department or agency of a government . 
 1.78 " pfizer " shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 1.79 " pfizer indemnitee " shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.1(a ) . 
 1.80 " pfizer jsc member " shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(a ) . 
 1.81 " pfizer trainer " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(e)(i ) . 
 1.82 " phrma code " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(c)(ii ) . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 1.83 " pre - launch meeting " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(e)(v ) . 
 1.84 " product " shall mean the medical device subject to pre - market approval currently commercialize under the brand name 
 " cologuard " and indicate for the qualitative detection of colorectal neoplasia associate dna marker and for the 
 presence of occult hemoglobin in human stool . 
 1.85 " product label " shall mean the label and label document approve on august 11 , 2014 by the fda under the premarket 
 approval p130017 , , and any supplement , extension or change thereto . 
 1.86 " product laboratory service " shall mean the colorectal cancer screening test perform on a speciman provide by a patient use 
 the product , include specimen collection , laboratory testing , datum handling and analysis , interpretation of result , patient 
 compliance ( include call center activity ) and bill to be provide by exact or its affiliate accord to the " laboratory 
 instruction for use " in the product label , wherein the laboratory instruction for use be far subject to any change as 
 require by any pre - market approval supplement approve by the fda . 
 1.87 " product training " shall mean , with respect to the product , the product - specific training program conduct in accordance with the 
 applicable annual marketing plan and applicable law , which may include training concern ( a ) the scientific basis for the 
 product , ( b ) permissible communication regard safety and efficacy claim relate to the product , ( c ) permissible 
 communication relate to the product in accordance with the product label , ( d ) use of promotional material by the sale 
 representative , and ( e ) other appropriate topic relevant to the promotion of the product as determine by exact in 
 consultation with pfizer . 
 1.88 " promotion " shall mean ( a ) those activity customarily undertake by a party ’s field sale representative in the territory to 
 encourage the approve use of a particular prescription medical device ( or prescription pharmaceutical medicine as applicable ) 
 subject to pre - market approval ( or other regulatory approval , as applicable ) , include detail , and ( b ) any other activity 
 customarily undertake by a party aim at encourage the approve use of a particular prescription medical device subject to 
 pre - market authorization approval , include without limitation , healthcare professional peer - to - peer communication , 
 communication of product benefit to idns , the creation and use of promotional material , marketing , meeting and event 
 ( include without limitation speaker bureau event ) , trade show , advocacy activity , include with respect to guideline 
 organization , and sponsorship . the term " promote " , " promote " and " promotional " shall have corresponding meaning . 
 1.89 " promotion fee " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.2(a ) . 
 1.90 " promotional material " shall mean , with respect to the product , all write , print , graphic , electronic , audio , video or other 
 material ( such as a journal reprint ) other than the product label , provide by exact , with respect to currently 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 develop material , or develop by the party , in each case , for use by a party ’s sale representative during detail or 
 other representative in the territory . 
 1.91 " qsr " shall mean the quality system regulation , 21 c.f.r . part 820 , as may be amend from time to time and any successor 
 thereto . 
 1.92 " receive party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 7.1 . 
 1.93 " regulatory approval " shall mean , with respect to a prescription medical device subject to pre - market authorization approval in any 
 jurisdiction in the territory for a give indication , all technical , medical and scientific license , registration , authorization and 
 approval of pre - market approval application , supplement and amendment , and pre- and post- approval of the fda , 
 sufficient for the manufacture , distribution , use and sale of such prescription medical device , include any service associate 
 with such medical device , in such jurisdiction in the territory for such indication in accordance with applicable law , exclude 
 any pricing and reimbursement approval . 
 1.94 " renewal term " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.2 . 
 1.95 " representative " shall mean , with respect to a party , such party ’s employee , agent or independent contractor , and such party ’s 
 affiliate and their respective employee , agent or independent contractor , include sale representative , in each case who 
 be perform service under the annual marketing plan . 
 1.96 " sale deployment plan " shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2(c)(i ) . 
 1.97 " sale representative " shall mean an internal or field sale representative employ by a party full - time who detail product or 
 service for human use in the territory . for clarity , sale representative exclude sale manager such as district business 
 manager and above . 
 1.98 " senior officer " shall mean , with respect to exact , the chief executive officer of exact and , with respect to pfizer , regional 
 president , north america , internal medicine , pfizer innovative health . 
 1.99 " share m&p expense " shall mean the incremental investment in promotion expense above the baseline m&p expense agree to 
 by the party , as set forth in section 3.5 and 3.6 . 
 1.100 " tail period " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.7 . 
 1.101 " term " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.1 . 
 1.102 " territory " shall mean the fifty ( 50 ) state of the united states and the district of columbia and include puerto rico . 
 1.103 " third party " shall mean any person other than exact , pfizer or their respective affiliate . 
 1.104 " trademark " shall mean any register word , name , symbol , color , designation or 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 device or any combination thereof , include any trademark , trade dress , brand mark , service mark , trade name , brand name , logo 
 or business symbol . 
 1.105 " training material " shall mean , with respect to the product , the material ( which may include write or other record , 
 videotaped or web - base training material or online training program ) to be use in product training for a party ’s sale 
 representative regard the product . 
 1.106 " vat " shall have the meaning set forth in section 4.4 . 
 1.107 " violate party " shall have the meaning set forth in section 8.3(d ) . 
 2 . governance . 
 2.1 joint steering committee . 
 ( a ) composition . promptly follow the effective date , the party will establish a joint steering committee ( " jsc " ) , comprise of 
 three ( 3 ) representative of exact and three ( 3 ) representative of pfizer . the jsc representative for each of exact and 
 pfizer will be refer to herein as the " exact jsc member " and the " pfizer jsc member " , respectively , and the exact 
 jsc member and the pfizer jsc member will be refer to herein as the " jsc member " . each party may replace any 
 of its jsc member at any time upon notice to the other party and the party may increase or decrease the number of its 
 jsc member on the jsc; provide that at all time an equal number of jsc member from each party be appoint to 
 the jsc . 
 ( b ) committee chair . the jsc will be co - chair by a pfizer jsc member and an exact jsc member ( each , a " jsc co - chair " ) . 
 each party may replace its jsc co - chair at any time upon notice to the other party . the role of secretary of the jsc shall 
 rotate each meeting between the jsc co - chair ( or any jsc member who be appoint , by mutual agreement of both jsc 
 co - chair , as secretary of the jsc ) . the secretary of the jsc shall : 
 ( i ) notify each party at least fifteen ( 15 ) day ( or as much notice as be reasonably possible ) in advance of each jsc 
 meeting; 
 ( ii ) collect and organize agenda item from each party for each jsc meeting; 
 ( iii ) prepare and circulate to jsc member each jsc meeting agenda no later than five ( 5 ) business day ( or as far in 
 advance as be reasonably possible ) prior to the schedule date for each jsc meeting; and 
 ( iv ) prepare the write minute of each jsc meeting and , within fifteen ( 15 ) day after such meeting , circulate such 
 minute for review and approval by the party . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( c ) meeting . the jsc will meet no less than once each calendar quarter ( or less frequently upon mutual agreement of the party ) 
 either in - person or by audio or video teleconference . meeting of the jsc will occur at such time and place in the 
 territory as mutually agree to by the parties; provide , however , that no more than half of the meeting will be require 
 to be hold in - person in any calendar year . meeting of the jsc will only occur if at least one jsc member of each party 
 be present at the meeting or participate by teleconference or videoconference . each party will be solely responsible for , 
 and will not be entitle to any reimbursement from the other party with respect to , any and all personnel cost or 
 expense ( include travel expense ) incur by or on behalf of its representative in connection with participation in 
 any jsc meeting or sub - committee or working group meeting , or any other travel require to be undertake by either 
 party ’s personnel in connection with the performance of the agreement . the party will endeavor to schedule meeting 
 of the jsc at least fifteen ( 15 ) day in advance . the party shall approve the minute of each meeting promptly , but in 
 no event later than the next meeting of the jsc . 
 ( d ) jsc responsibility . the jsc shall : 
 ( i ) review , discuss , and approve each annual marketing plan for a calendar year , include the quarterly baseline budget 
 amount contain therein , no later than the applicable date set forth in section 3.3(a); 
 ( ii ) oversee the implementation of each annual marketing plan; 
 ( iii ) review , discuss , and approve any modification to the annual marketing plan submit by the joc; 
 ( iv ) oversee the joc and jrc and each committee ’s activities; 
 ( v ) act as the first level escalation to resolve dispute between the party , any resolution of dispute bring before the 
 jsc shall be by the unanimous consent of both jsc co - chairs; 
 ( vi ) form and oversee any sub - committee or working group in furtherance of activity contemplate in the annual 
 marketing plan; 
 ( vii ) form and oversee any sub - committee or working group as determine by the jsc to be necessary to review and 
 discuss specific matter relate to the subject matter of this agreement , but not enumerate as a specific 
 responsibility of the jsc , joc , jrc , or any other properly form and constitute sub - committee; 
 ( viii ) review , discuss and approve the allocation of baseline m&p expense and share m&p expense submit by the 
 joc; 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( ix ) review all report , include sale performance datum and other key performance indicator , submit by the joc; and 
 ( x ) escalate any dispute jsc matter , as define in section 2.1(e ) , to the alliance manager and senior officer . 
 ( e ) decision making . regardless of the number of pfizer jsc member or exact jsc member , decision by the jsc will be make 
 by unanimous agreement . the jsc will use good faith effort to reach agreement on any and all matter properly 
 bring before it . if , despite such good faith effort , the jsc be unable to reach a decision on a particular matter within 
 the jsc ’s responsibility ( each such matter , a " dispute jsc matter " ) , within five ( 5 ) business day after the jsc first 
 meet to consider such matter , or such later date as may be mutually agree by the party in writing , then either party 
 may refer such dispute jsc matter for resolution to the alliance manager . within three ( 3 ) business day after such 
 dispute jsc matter be refer to the alliance manager , the alliance manager shall determine whether the dispute 
 jsc matter require the involvement of the senior officer . should the alliance manager refer the dispute jsc matter 
 to the senior officer , then the senior officer will promptly initiate good faith discussion to resolve such dispute 
 jsc matter . if the senior officer be unable to resolve such dispute jsc matter within five ( 5 ) business day of it 
 be refer to they , then , exact , after having consider , in good faith , the advice and input from pfizer , will have final 
 decision - make authority with respect to such dispute jsc matter where the subject matter of the dispute jsc 
 matter substantially relate to ( i ) product pricing , include any rebate or discounts; ( ii ) manufacturing; ( iii ) research 
 and development , include any trials; and ( iv ) engagement with governmental authorities; provide , however , that 
 exact will not have final decision make authority to require pfizer to conduct any activity that pfizer , in good faith , 
 believe violate applicable law or pfizer ’s applicable compliance / review policy . for all dispute jsc matter that be 
 not resolve by the senior officer and be not subject to exact ’s final decision - make authority , neither party will take 
 any action on such dispute jsc matter until resolution can be reach in accordance with this section 2.1(e ) , and , 
 except in the case of a potential violation of applicable law , pende such resolution the party shall continue to carry 
 out activity under this agreement in accordance with the then - current annual marketing plan . 
 ( f ) limit on jsc authority . notwithstanding any provision of this section 2.1 to the contrary , ( i ) each party will retain the right , 
 power and discretion grant to it under this agreement consistent with section 3.2(a ) , and no such right , power , or 
 discretion will be delegate to or vest in the jsc unless such delegation or vest of right be expressly provide for 
 in this agreement or the party expressly so agree in writing , ( ii ) the jsc will not have the power to amend this 
 agreement or terminate or otherwise modify or waive compliance with this agreement in any manner and ( iii ) neither 
 party will require the other party to ( a ) breach any obligation or agreement that 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 such other party may have with or to a third party or ( b ) perform any activity that be materially different , great in 
 scope or more costly than those provide for in the annual marketing plan then in effect . 
 2.2 joint operation committee . 
 ( a ) composition . promptly follow the effective date , the party will establish a joint operation committee ( " joc " ) , 
 comprise of marketing , sale , medical , finance , and such other representative of each party as necessary . the joc 
 shall be co - chair by each party ’s marketing representative on the joc , as designate by the jsc co - chair of each 
 party ( each , a " joc co - chair " ) . each joc co - chair shall ( i ) have knowledge and expertise in the commercialization of 
 prescription product and service in the territory , ( ii ) have sufficient seniority within the applicable party to make 
 decision arise within the scope of the joc ’s responsibility , and ( iii ) be authorize under such party ’s internal 
 governance procedure to make decision or carry out the activity give to such party under this agreement . 
 ( b ) meeting . the joc shall meet once each month ( or more or less frequently upon mutual agreement of the party ) either in- 
 person or by audio or video teleconference . meeting of the joc will occur at such time and place in the territory as 
 mutually agree to by the party . each party will be solely responsible for , and will not be entitle to any reimbursement 
 from the other party with respect to , any and all personnel cost or expense ( include travel expense ) which be 
 incur by or on behalf of its representative in connection with participation in any joc meeting or sub - committee or 
 working group meeting , or any other travel require to be undertake by either party ’s personnel in connection with 
 the performance of the agreement . 
 ( c ) joc responsibility . the joc shall : 
 ( i ) prepare the annual marketing plan for review and approval by jsc; 
 ( ii ) prepare and review product marketing strategy and tactics; 
 ( iii ) prepare allocation of baseline m&p expense and share m&p expense for jsc review and approval; 
 ( iv ) prepare report , include sale performance datum and other key performance indicator for jsc review in accordance 
 with exhibit 2.2(c)(iv); 
 ( v ) execute and monitor the strategy and tactic in the annual marketing plan; 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( vi ) monitor product supply and product laboratory service capacity to ensure they be sufficient to meet the demand 
 forecast in the annual marketing plan; 
 ( vii ) establish key supply , capacity , inventory , and such other metric to inform the jsc; 
 ( viii ) prepare any revision to the annual marketing plan as direct by the jsc or otherwise propose pursuant to 
 section 3.3(a); 
 ( ix ) provide consent to material for reconsideration by the jsc pursuant to section 2.3(d); and 
 ( x ) with respect to the annual marketing plan , ensure that a consultation with the compliance manager be complete 
 and appropriate compliance measure be incorporate into the annual marketing plan . 
 ( d ) decision making . decision by the joc will be make by unanimous agreement . if a unanimous decision can not be reach , 
 then any dispute matter within the joc ’s responsibility ( the " dispute joc matter " ) may be escalate by either 
 party to the jsc for resolution in accordance with section 2.1(e ) . unless and until resolve by the jsc in accordance 
 with section 2.1(e ) , neither party shall take any action with respect to such dispute joc matter and , except in the case 
 of a potential violation of applicable law , pende such resolution the party shall continue to carry out the activity 
 under this agreement in accordance with the then - current annual marketing plan . 
 2.3 joint review committee . 
 ( a ) composition . promptly follow the effective date ( and in any event , within thirty ( 30 ) day of the effective date ) , under the 
 supervision of the jsc , the party will establish a joint review committee ( " jrc " ) , comprise of marketing , medical , 
 legal , and regulatory representative of the party . each party may appoint one medical , legal and regulatory 
 representative member to the jrc . the marketing representative from the party shall coordinate administration and 
 operation of the jrc meeting , include set agenda , recording decision regard material review , and 
 coordinate review to ensure timely review and approval of promotional material . the representative from the 
 party on the jrc shall coordinate operational support include scheduling of jrc meeting , timely distribution of 
 material for review , recording and archiving of approve material , and other such activity to ensure operational 
 efficiency of jrc meeting . it be the expectation of the party that the jrc will utilize exact ’s review and approval system 
 to review and approve material , include promotional material that be subject to jrc review under section 2.3(c ) . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( b ) meeting . the jrc shall meet no less than once each month ( or more frequently upon mutual agreement of the member of the 
 jrc ) either in - person or by audio or video teleconference . meeting of the jrc will occur at such time and place in the 
 territory as mutually agree to by the party . each party will be solely responsible for , and will not be entitle to any 
 reimbursement from the other party with respect to , any and all personnel cost or expense ( include travel expense ) 
 which be incur by or on behalf of its representative in connection with participation in any jrc meeting , or any 
 other travel require to be undertake by either party ’s personnel in connection with the performance of the agreement . 
 ( c ) jrc responsibility . the jrc shall be responsible for review and approval of all product or related disease education 
 material , promotional material and other communication to a third party , include pharmaco - economic datum , that may 
 be use in promotion , medical to medical communication , patient education , press release or any other form of external 
 communication intend for healthcare professional , healthcare organize customer ( such as idns and hospital ) , and 
 payer organization , patient or other who be reasonably likely to influence the prescription , use , reimbursement , or 
 purchase of the product . the jrc shall also ensure that all such material be in compliance with applicable law and 
 each party ’s applicable compliance / review policy . any conflict between the party ' applicable compliance / review 
 policy will be discuss by the jrc and the compliance manager to determine an appropriate resolution of such 
 conflict . 
 ( d ) decision making . decision by the jrc will be make by unanimous agreement . if a unanimous decision can not be reach , 
 then the disputed matter ( the " dispute jrc matter " ) can be escalate by either party to the jsc for resolution in 
 accordance with section 2.1(e ) . unless and until resolve by the jsc in accordance with section 2.1(e ) , neither party 
 shall take any action with respect to such dispute jrc matter and , except in the case of a legal or ethical issue , the 
 party shall continue to carry out the activity under this agreement in accordance with the then - current annual 
 marketing plan . a dispute jrc matter that be substantially similar in subject matter of a prior dispute jrc matter 
 shall not be resubmitte for jsc review and resolution under this section 2.3(d ) . 
 2.4 finance representative . each party shall appoint a finance contact to oversee all financial reporting and communication under this 
 agreement during the term ( each , a " finance representative " ) . each party may change its designate finance representative at 
 any time upon write notice to the other party . each finance representative will coordinate the effort of its respective party in 
 conduct finance activity , include all financial reporting and financial communication between the party , under this 
 agreement during the term . 
 2.5 alliance manager . each party shall appoint an employee of such party who shall oversee interaction between the party for all 
 matter relate to this agreement , the 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 annual marketing plan and any related agreement between the party or their affiliate ( each an " alliance manager " ) . the 
 alliance manager shall endeavor to ensure clear and responsive communication between the party and the effective exchange 
 of information , and shall serve as a single point of contact for any matter arise under this agreement . the alliance manager 
 shall have the right to attend all jsc and subcommittee meeting as non - voting participant and may bring to the attention of the 
 jsc or subcommittee any matter or issue either of they reasonably believe should be discuss , and shall have such other 
 responsibility as the party may mutually agree in writing . each party may designate different alliance manager by notice in 
 writing to the other party . 
 2.6 compliance manager . within thirty ( 30 ) day after the effective date , pfizer and exact each agree to appoint a representative who 
 ( a ) have receive compliance training by such party and ( b ) be routinely responsible for advise such party on compliance matter 
 to act as its compliance manager ( each , a " compliance manager " ) . the compliance manager shall support the jsc . 
 ( a ) responsibility . compliance manager shall resolve discrepancy between the party ’ respective applicable 
 compliance / review policy , ensure that each party have a process to monitor the activity under this agreement for 
 compliance with applicable law and applicable compliance / review police , serve as a key point of contact between 
 the party for compliance - relate matter , and review the annual marketing plan for compliance with applicable 
 compliance / review policy and shall promptly notify the jsc of any compliance issue in such annual marketing plan . 
 the joc shall promptly notify the compliance manager of any material revision to the annual marketing plan . each 
 compliance manager shall facilitate the resolution of any compliance issue with the compliance manager of the other 
 party . 
 ( b ) notification . subject to the term of this agreement , the compliance manager of a party shall promptly notify the other 
 party ’s compliance manager in the event that it become aware of a potential violation by the other party of : ( i ) the 
 other party ’s policy or procedures; ( ii ) any criminal , civil , or administrative law or regulation applicable to any federal 
 health care program or for which penalty or exclusion may be authorized; or ( iii ) the requirement under the fd&c 
 act , or relevant fda guidance document relate to the product , payment , or service under this agreement . 
 ( c ) investigation . if a party find , follow an investigation , credible evidence of a significant violation of any applicable 
 policy and procedure that be design to ensure compliance with : ( i ) any criminal , civil , or administrative law or 
 regulation applicable to any federal health care program or for which penalty or exclusion may be authorized; or ( ii ) 
 the requirement under the fd&c act , or relevant fda guidance document relate to the product , payment , or 
 service under this agreement ( an " occurrence " ) , the party ’s compliance manager shall promptly inform the other 
 party of the occurrence and step take by the party to remediate the occurrence , except 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 to the extent that the disclosing party ’s counsel reasonably believe that such disclosure to the other party could 
 violate applicable law ( include privacy law ) or have a significant adverse impact on the disclosing party ’s legal 
 position or defense ( include the loss of attorney - client privilege ) with respect to any such occurrence . in the event 
 that either party determine that disclosure of relevant factual information regard an occurrence could violate 
 applicable law ( include privacy law ) or have a significant adverse impact on its legal position or defense ( include 
 the loss of attorney - client privilege ) , the determine party shall promptly notify the other party in write that the 
 determine party be exercise its right not to disclose relevant factual information regard an occurrence . 
 ( d ) each party shall follow its applicable compliance / review policy subject to specific exception explicitly determine by the 
 compliance manager . 
 3 . appointment; product ownership; marketing and sale . 
 3.1 appointment . 
 ( a ) exclusive arrangement . commence on the launch date , exact and its affiliate hereby grant to pfizer and its affiliate , on 
 an exclusive basis for the co - promote field ( except as to exact and its affiliate ) , and pfizer accept , the right and 
 obligation to promote and detail the product in the territory during the term jointly with exact , in accordance with the 
 term and condition of this agreement , all applicable law and the applicable annual marketing plan . except as set 
 forth in this agreement , such right shall be non - transferable and non - sublicensable . in implement its obligation 
 under this agreement , pfizer , without charge or expense to exact ( other than as expressly set forth in section 3.6 and 
 4.2(c ) of this agreement ) , shall provide facility , personnel ( include management and sale representative ) and 
 other resource as pfizer , in its reasonable discretion but not inconsistent with the express term of this agreement , 
 believe necessary . the party specifically agree that exact shall not use the pfizer name , logo or any trademark of 
 pfizer on any material , include promotional material , without the express write consent of pfizer . notwithstanding 
 this section 3.1 to the contrary , exact retain the right to promote the product on its own behalf in the co - promote field 
 and , subject to section 3.1(c ) , pfizer shall not promote or detail the product outside the territory or outside the co- 
 promote field . 
 ( b ) grant of license to pfizer . subject to the term of this agreement , exact on behalf of itself and its affiliate , hereby grant to 
 pfizer a non - exclusive , royalty free license , with the right to sublicense to one or more of its affiliate , under the exact 
 house mark , the exact trademark and the exact copyright , during the term , to the extent necessary or appropriate to 
 allow pfizer and its affiliate to carry out activity under this agreement include to promote and detail the product in 
 the co - promote field in the territory . such license shall be non - transferable and non - sublicensable 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( except as provide in this agreement ) and shall automatically terminate upon the expiration or early termination of this 
 agreement . 
 ( c ) right of first negotiation . 
 ( i ) during the term , if exact ( i ) enter a formal process authorize or direct by its board of director or ceo to seek and 
 enter into an arrangement or ( ii ) intend to agree to a term sheet or seek to sign a letter of intent or similar 
 arrangement to grant an exclusive commercial license to a third party solely to promote or sell the product 
 outside the territory ( " ex - us commercial right " ) , exact shall first notify pfizer of such intent ( a " ex - us 
 commercial right transfer notice " ) and pfizer shall have thirty ( 30 ) day thereafter to notify exact of its 
 desire to obtain the ex - us commercial right that be the subject of the ex - us commercial right transfer 
 notice . promptly upon receipt of notice from pfizer , exact and pfizer shall engage in exclusive good faith 
 negotiation to enter into a definitive write agreement for the ex - us commercial right . if pfizer and exact be 
 unable to reach agreement on the term of such product right within forty - five ( 45 ) day of the commencement 
 of negotiation , exact shall be free to enter into negotiation and consummate an agreement with any third 
 party regard such ex - us commercial rights; provide that the economic term of such agreement shall be 
 no more favorable to such third party than those last offer to pfizer . 
 ( ii ) during the term , if exact desire to grant an exclusive commercial license to a third party solely to promote or sell the 
 product in the ob / gyn field in the territory ( the " ob / gyn commercial right " ) , exact shall first notify pfizer 
 of such intent ( a " ob / gyn commercial right transfer notice " ) and pfizer shall have thirty ( 30 ) day 
 thereafter to notify exact of its desire to obtain the ob / gyn commercial right that be the subject of the 
 ob / gyn commercial right transfer notice . promptly upon receipt of notice from pfizer , exact and pfizer shall 
 engage in exclusive good faith negotiation to enter into a definitive write agreement for the ob / gyn 
 commercial right . if pfizer and exact be unable to reach agreement on the term of such product right within 
 forty - five ( 45 ) day of the commencement of negotiation , then exact shall be free to enter into negotiation 
 and consummate an agreement with any third party regard such ob / gyn commercial rights; provide that 
 the economic term of such agreement shall be no more favorable to such third party than those last offer to 
 pfizer . 
 ( iii ) notwithstanding the foregoing , this section 3.1(c ) shall not apply to ( i ) any transfer of right to the product in the 
 ordinary course of business of exact , ( ii ) the sale of the product within and outside of the territory , of all or 
 substantially all of the asset of exact , or sale 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 of capital stock of exact , whether in connection with a merger , acquisition or other similar transaction or ( iii ) any 
 agreement with third party in territory for which exact have an exist distribution or other similar 
 agreement . 
 3.2 responsibility for product . 
 ( a ) retain rights; ownership of product . except as specifically set forth in this agreement , pfizer shall have no other right 
 with respect to the product , and shall not promote , market or otherwise commercialize the product except as expressly 
 authorize under this agreement . exact retain , and at all time during the term shall retain , all right in and relate to 
 the product not expressly grant to pfizer under this agreement , include all proprietary and property interest in and 
 to the product . in furtherance of the foregoing , exact retain all right of and responsibility for ( i ) product pricing , 
 include any rebate or discounts; ( ii ) manufacturing; ( iii ) research and development , include any trials; ( iv ) 
 intellectual property defense and enforcement relate to the product; ( v ) product liability claim and related litigation 
 relate to the product; ( vi ) government investigation relate to the product; ( vii ) the day - to - day operation and 
 management of exact ’s representatives; and ( viii ) engagement with governmental authority with respect to the 
 product . pfizer will neither have , nor represent that it have , any control over or proprietary or property interest in the 
 product . nothing contain in this agreement shall be deem to grant to pfizer or its affiliate any license , right , title 
 or interest in or to any patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other similar property of exact , except as provide 
 for in section 3.1(b ) , section 5.3(c ) or otherwise authorize in writing by exact for pfizer to perform its obligation under 
 this agreement . likewise , nothing contain in this agreement shall be deem to grant to exact or its affiliate any 
 license , right , title or interest in or to any patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other similar property of pfizer or 
 its affiliate except as may be authorize in writing by pfizer for exact to perform its obligation under this agreement . 
 ( b ) exact product responsibility . during the term , as between the party , exact shall remain solely responsible , at its expense , 
 except as expressly otherwise provide in this agreement , for all activity and liability that the owner and regulatory 
 approval holder of an fda approve medical device would normally have , include , in each case with respect to the 
 territory , the follow : 
 ( i ) manufacturing , in accordance with the qsr and applicable law ( include conduct all quality assurance testing ) 
 sufficient quantity of product to meet market demand therefore; 
 ( ii ) processing and have sufficient laboratory and manufacturing capacity to process product laboratory service to 
 meet demand , include return receipt and laboratory processing of patient samples; 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( iii ) ensure all laboratory processing of patient sample be conduct in accordance with clia certificate of 
 accreditation and patient result be provide to order healthcare provider in a timely manner; 
 ( iv ) ensure that the product be not misbrande , as define in the fd&c act; 
 ( v ) handle all customer service activity relate to the product , include respond in an appropriate and timely 
 fashion to all medical and other inquiry and complaint regard the product in accordance with its 
 applicable compliance / review policies; 
 ( vi ) contracting with payer , include enter into contract for reimbursement of the product laboratory services; 
 ( vii ) use commercially reasonable effort to maintain the exact trademark list on exhibit 1.39; 
 ( viii ) set the price of the product laboratory service , include establish , process and pay for any rebate , 
 discount , chargeback or other sale incentive associate with the sale of the product laboratory services; 
 ( ix ) subject to section 6.1 , handle all product liability claim or other claim associate with or arise out of the 
 manufacture , distribution , sale or use of the product , include manage any litigation associate therewith 
 and pay any damage , fine or other compensation that may be award by any government authority or 
 that be due as a result of any settlement of any such claim; 
 ( x ) handling , in a timely and appropriate manner , all government inquiry relate to the product laboratory service and 
 the manufacture , distribution , marketing , promotion , sale or use of the product; and 
 ( xi ) prepare and submit in a timely manner and in a manner consistent with applicable law all report and 
 information that be require to be submit to any government authority relate to the product and product 
 laboratory service . 
 ( c ) exact and pfizer product responsibility . during the term , without limit either party ’s other responsibility under this 
 agreement , the party shall : 
 ( i ) establish and maintain a sufficient number of sale representative promote the product to perform the obligation 
 hereunder per the annual marketing plan and consistent with the sale deployment plan include in the 
 annual marketing plan , which initial sale deployment plan for the six - month period begin on and 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 immediately follow the launch date , be attach hereto as exhibit 3.2(c)(i ) ( the " sale deployment plan”); 
 ( ii ) market , promote and detail the product in the co - promote field in accordance with the annual marketing plan , 
 applicable law , all regulatory and professional requirement include fda ’s regulation and guideline 
 concern the advertising of prescription medical device subject to pre - market approval , and each party ’s 
 applicable compliance / review policy and , with respect to exact , the advamed code of ethic on 
 interaction with health care professional ( revise as of july 2009 and as far revise from time to time ) 
 ( the " advamed code " ) and , with respect to pfizer , the pharmaceutical research and manufacturer of america 
 code on interaction with healthcare professional ( the " phrma code”); provide that if there be any conflict 
 between the advamed code and the phrma code in connection with the implementation of the annual 
 marketing plan , the compliance manager shall review and use commercially reasonable effort to resolve 
 such conflict; 
 ( iii ) review customer target list for all sale representative in accordance with the annual marketing plan to ensure 
 that their promotion be direct to those eligible prescriber who be likely to prescribe , recommend or purchase 
 the product consistent with the approve product label and all applicable law and its applicable 
 compliance / review policies; provide that each party have the sole discretion to select their target customer 
 from the target list include in the annual marketing plan and the party ’s sale representative shall have 
 authority to promote and detail to the eligible prescriber on the target list in their reasonable discretion , in 
 accordance with each party ’s respective internal policy and practices; 
 ( iv ) work collaboratively with the other party in develop , prepare and generate specific tactic and activity in the 
 annual marketing plan , which shall include support the development of all promotional material , training 
 material and other material generate pursuant to any annual marketing plan; and 
 ( v ) provide investment and support consistent with section 3.5 , 3.6 and 4.1 , as applicable . 
 ( d ) advertising . 
 ( i ) subject to the provision of section 3.2(d)(ii ) with respect to the remainder of calendar year 2018 and for calendar 
 year 2019 , exact and pfizer shall develop an annual advertising plan for the product as part of the annual 
 marketing plan . the annual advertising plan shall include the target for such advertising , 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 which shall be update on an annual basis at the same time and in the same manner as the annual marketing 
 plan . in accordance with each such approve advertising plan , pfizer shall develop and execute all medium 
 planning and buying of advertising consistent with its practice for its own product portfolio . 
 ( ii ) the provision of this section 3.2(d ) shall have no impact on exact ’s advertising plan for the product for 2018 . the 
 advertising plan for calendar year 2019 shall be exact ’s advertising plan; provide , pfizer may review and 
 make recommendation on such advertising plan for calendar year 2019 and exact shall consider such 
 recommendation in good faith and use commercially reasonable effort to incorporate agree - upon pfizer 
 recommendation . it be acknowledge by the party that as of the effective date pfizer have execute its 
 television / video medium buying on its own behalf for broadcast year 2019 ( 4q2018 - 3q2019 ) . with respect to 
 broadcast year 2019 , pfizer shall use commercially reasonable effort and in good faith execute the 
 television / video buy plan in the calendar year 2019 advertising plan in the " scatter " market . exact 
 acknowledge that pricing and inventory for buy placement in the scatter market may not have the pricing 
 advantage or delivery guarantee . for medium buying of non - television / video in the calendar year 2019 
 advertising plan , pfizer shall in good faith integrate the product into pfizer portfolio medium planning and 
 buying for non - television / video . 
 ( iii ) the cost of all medium buying of advertising for the product by or through pfizer shall be equal to the actual cost of 
 such activity bill to pfizer ( include any third party service fee incur by pfizer ) and shall not include 
 any markup , administrative fee or service charge . 
 ( iv ) subject to compliance by pfizer with the term of this section 3.2(d ) , during the term , exact agree ( a ) not to enter 
 into any new bind arrangement with any medium vendor for advertising of the product without the write 
 consent of pfizer , which consent shall not be unreasonably withhold , ( b ) not to meet with any advertising 
 agency or medium vendor to discuss any advertising proposal for content development and creative direction 
 of the product , without provide pfizer with a reasonable opportunity for a representative of pfizer present 
 and participate and ( c ) to promptly inform pfizer if it enter into any arrangement with any advertising agency 
 with respect to the product . 
 ( v ) exact agree that any bind commitment make by pfizer pursuant to this section 3.2(d ) for medium buying for the 
 product shall also be bind to exact; provide that such commitment be consistent with the applicable 
 annual marketing plan and the 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 budget include therein . 
 ( vi ) after the effective date , the party will mutually agree to a process by which pfizer will interact with exact with 
 respect to the activity undertake by pfizer pursuant to this section 3.2(d ) . 
 ( vii ) notwithstanding the foregoing , exact may continue any bind commitment as of the effective date , include 
 advertising purchasing and placement activity , relate to and in connection with the sponsorship of 
 sporting event ( e.g. , golf tournament ) , celebrity sponsorship ( e.g. , harry connick serve as a product 
 spokesperson ) and those other activity set forth in the annual marketing plan ( the " exact sponsorship 
 and relate activities”); provide , that pfizer shall use commercially reasonable effort to take responsibility 
 of television / video and medium buying relate to such exact sponsorship and relate activity follow the 
 effective date . the exact sponsorship and relate activity may , as mutually agree by the party , be 
 include in the applicable annual advertising plan . 
 ( viii ) follow the term and during the tail period subject to section 8.7 and 8.8(b ) , at the request of exact , pfizer 
 shall , base on an agree advertising plan , plan and execute the medium planning and buy plan in a 
 substantially similar manner as it do during the term , as such plan be update on an annual basis during the 
 tail period . pfizer shall provide exact with invoicing of advertising buying during the tail period consistent 
 with its invoicing practice during the term . this invoice shall be provide within five ( 5 ) day of the end of 
 each month during the tail period and shall set forth all advertising cost , include any pfizer ’s internal and 
 overhead cost attributable to medium buying for the product , during month precede the month that the 
 invoice be deliver . exact shall pay the invoice provide by pfizer within five ( 5 ) day of the date that it 
 receive the invoice . 
 ( ix ) within forty - five ( 45 ) calendar day after the end of each calendar quarter , pfizer will deliver to exact a report 
 describing in reasonable detail the medium buying activity for the just complete calendar quarter and any 
 material deviation from the approve advertising plan that occur during such calendar quarter . 
 ( x ) except for calendar year 2018 and 2019 advertising plan , the party shall mutually agree to the advertising plan 
 and any dispute with respect to such advertising plan or arise out of material deviation of medium buying by 
 pfizer shall be consider a disputed joc matter and subject to escalation to the jsc under section 2.3(d ) . 
 until such dispute joc matter be resolve , the party will continue to operate under the then - current 
 advertising plan . without limit the foregoing , a deviation from the medium 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 buying obligation under an advertising plan by twenty percent ( 20 ) or more shall be deem to be 
 material . 
 ( e ) product training . 
 ( i ) promptly ( and in any event within twenty ( 20 ) day ) follow the effective date , exact shall be responsible for 
 provide product training and training material to pfizer sale trainer ( the " pfizer trainer " ) who shall 
 then train pfizer ’s sale representative who shall promote the product use a training program relate solely 
 to the product and the product laboratory service ( include training material ) . after the initial training , 
 exact shall periodically provide additional product training and the party shall agree to the frequency , time 
 and place such additional product training will be roll out to sale representative . 
 ( ii ) exact shall bear all cost and expense of train its sale representative , its training facility and the cost of 
 develop training material and the training of pfizer trainer with respect to the product and the product 
 laboratory service . pfizer shall be responsible for all travel , lodging , meal and other expense and out - of- 
 pocket expense incur by pfizer ’s sale representative in connection with such product training . 
 ( iii ) upon termination or expiration of this agreement , at exact ’s election , pfizer either shall ( a ) return to exact or ( b ) 
 destroy and certify to the exact such destruction , all training material in the possession of , or under the 
 control of , pfizer . 
 ( iv ) pfizer shall ensure that no pfizer representative shall promote the product or product laboratory service unless he 
 or she demonstrate sufficient knowledge by meet the validation requirement of exact . pfizer shall maintain , 
 and make available upon request by exact , record of all testing or certification result , include copy 
 thereof . 
 ( v ) the party shall cooperate in good faith to schedule , plan and conduct a pre - launch meeting for all sale 
 representative detail the product ( the " pre - launch meeting " ) , which shall occur promptly follow 
 training of the pfizer sale representative in accordance with this section 3.2(e ) . the party shall use 
 commercially reasonable effort to conduct the pre - launch meeting as an in - person meeting by the first week 
 of october 2018 . 
 ( f ) promotional material . during the term , the party agree to develop promotional material together in accordance with the 
 annual marketing plan for use in promote the product in the territory . each party shall : 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( i ) only use and distribute the promotional material for use in promote the product; provide , however , that exact 
 may continue to utilize any remain promotional material for the product create prior to the effective date , 
 but exact will not create any new promotional material other than the promotional materials; 
 ( ii ) instruct its representative to use , and will use commercially reasonable effort to train and monitor its 
 representative to ensure that such representative use , only promotional material approve by the jrc; 
 ( iii ) not , and shall ensure that its affiliate and agent do not , change or alter any promotional material in any way prior 
 to their distribution or use by such party or its sale representative without jrc approval; and 
 ( iv ) ( a ) use commercially reasonable effort to train its representative with respect to , ( b ) instruct its representative 
 to , and ( c ) establish appropriate internal system , policy and procedure for the monitoring of its 
 representative with the goal of ensure that such representative will : 
 ( a ) limit claim of efficacy and safety for the product to those that be ( 1 ) consistent with approve promotional 
 claim in , and not add , delete or modify claim of efficacy and safety in the promotion of the product 
 in any respect from those claim of efficacy and safety that be contain in , the then - effective annual 
 marketing plan , ( 2 ) consistent with applicable law and ( 3 ) consistent with the product label; 
 ( b ) not make any change or alteration to promotional materials; and 
 ( c ) use promotional material only in a manner that be consistent with this agreement , applicable law and the 
 product label . 
 for clarity , the foregoing restriction shall not apply to exact science laboratory , llc or any representative of exact 
 or any of its affiliate on the customer care team or market access team . 
 ( g ) representative . each party shall be legally responsible and liable for the action , omission and conduct of their respective 
 sale representative and other representative perform activity hereunder . each party shall ensure that all 
 person for whom they have legal responsibility and liability in accordance with the forego sentence comply with all 
 applicable law , the advamed code or the phrma code , as applicable , applicable compliance / review police , and 
 all requirement of this agreement , and shall implement and maintain policy and procedure to ensure such 
 compliance . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( h ) marketing authorization . exact shall have the sole right and responsibility between the party to take , and shall take , all 
 action with respect to the product reasonably necessary in order to maintain the regulatory approval permit the 
 marketing and sale of the product in the territory throughout the term . 
 ( i ) withdrawal . exact shall have sole authority to determine whether to recall or withdraw any product in the territory; provide , 
 however , exact shall notify pfizer of its decision , include the reason therefore , regard any such recall or withdrawal 
 promptly after such decision be make . exact shall be solely responsible for and shall bear all cost associate , directly or 
 indirectly , with any recall or withdrawal of the product . 
 ( j ) customer service activities; safety reporting . exact shall have sole authority to handle all customer service activity 
 regard the product in accordance with section 3.2(b)(v ) . promptly upon receipt ( and in any event within one 
 business day ) , pfizer shall refer all customer service inquiry regard the product , include all medical and other 
 inquiry and complaint , to exact for resolution . follow the effective date but before the launch date , the party 
 shall discuss and agree to a procedure by which product inquiry to , or by , pfizer will be send to exact to comply with 
 applicable safety reporting requirement and obligation for the product . 
 3.3 annual marketing plan . 
 ( a ) general . promptly follow the effective date , exact and pfizer shall develop an annual marketing plan for the product . 
 unless otherwise agree by the party , the joc shall prepare each annual marketing plan and submit it for review and 
 approval by the jsc by no later than october 1 of the then - current calendar year so that the jsc shall have a 
 reasonable opportunity to review , revise and approve such annual marketing plan by no later than october 31 of the 
 calendar year precede the calendar year to which such annual marketing plan relates; provide that the annual 
 marketing plan for the 2019 calendar year shall be finalize by the joc and submit to the jsc promptly follow the 
 effective date , and in any event no later than december 1 , 2018 . it be the intent of the party that the annual marketing 
 plan for the remainder of 2018 will be approve by the jsc no later than october 1 , 2018 . if either party desire to revise 
 or update an approve annual marketing plan prior to the end of a calendar year , it shall notify the joc of such desire 
 revision , and the joc shall review any such propose revision and determine whether to submit such revision to the 
 jsc for review and approval . 
 ( b ) plan content . the annual marketing plan for each calendar year begin with the 2019 calendar year shall contain at a 
 minimum the category set forth in exhibit 3.3(b ) and such other information that the joc or jsc believe be necessary . 
 the 2018 annual marketing plan shall contain 

 st 
 st 
 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 a high - level summary of the sale deployment plan and use of share m&p expense for the remainder of 2018 . 
 3.4 sale promotion , detail effort and idn promotion . 
 ( a ) sale promotion . commence on the launch date , each of exact and pfizer shall implement the sale detail plan set forth 
 in the applicable annual marketing plan and the sale deployment plan . in the case of pfizer , pfizer shall ensure that ( i ) 
 the number of detail in a calendar year by pfizer sale representative be not less than six hundred twenty - five 
 thousand ( 625,000 ) detail ( for the remainder of 2018 calendar year follow the launch date , pfizer shall deliver one 
 hundred forty thousand ( 140,000 ) detail ) and ( ii ) if the product be promote by pfizer sale representative ( a ) in 
 position 2 or high , the incentive compensation weighting directly tie to the product shall not be less than thirty 
 percent ( 30 ) of incentive compensation available to be earn by such sale representative in the applicable 
 calendar quarter and ( b ) in position 3 or low , the incentive compensation weighting directly tie to the product shall 
 not be less than twenty - five percent ( 25 ) of incentive compensation available to be earn by such sale 
 representative in the applicable calendar quarter . if pfizer deliver less than five hundred sixty - two thousand five 
 hundred ( 562,500 ) detail in a calendar year , then the promotion fee due pfizer for such calendar year shall be reduce 
 by the applicable percentage set forth in the table on exhibit 3.4(a ) , with such reduction to be deduct from remittance 
 of the promotion fee for the last calendar quarter of such calendar year; provide that if such deduction exceed the 
 amount payable for such calendar quarter then exact shall apply any such remain deduction to the promotion fee 
 for the next calendar quarter or calendar quarter , as necessary until the total deduction have be apply . if pfizer 
 deliver less than four hundred fifty thousand ( 450,000 ) detail in a calendar year , in addition to percentage reduction 
 of the promotion fee set forth in the table on exhibit 3.4(a ) , exact shall have the right to terminate this agreement 
 under section 8.3(b ) , which termination shall not be subject to the right of pfizer to cure such breach . in no event shall 
 pfizer owe any monie to exact for detail shortfall under this agreement other than to refund the promotion fee owe 
 to exact due to detail shortfall in accordance with this section 3.4(a ) . 
 each party shall be responsible for its own sale representative cost attributable to the product , include base salary 
 and incentive compensation , normal travel and entertainment expense , cost of fleet vehicle and other expense 
 normally associate with promotion of product and service similar to the product . 
 ( b ) detail effort and cost . each party shall have sole and exclusive control of all detail effort and activity by its sale 
 representative and representative , and shall be solely responsible for the cost thereof . notwithstanding anything to 
 the contrary in this agreement or the 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 annual marketing plan , any detail cost incur by a party or its affiliate in deliver the detail assign to 
 such party shall be the sole responsibility of such party or affiliate and shall not be a baseline m&p expense or share 
 m&p expense or otherwise a share cost pursuant to this agreement . 
 ( c ) idn promotion . as part of this agreement , pfizer agree to deploy its idn key account manager ( or successor team with 
 similar responsibility , the " kam team " ) to support understanding and uptake of the product by idn customer in 
 accordance with the annual marketing plan . in furtherance , prior to the beginning of each calendar year , pfizer shall 
 discuss and agree with exact on the define goal and key performance indicator for the kam team . pfizer and exact 
 shall agree to execution goal and deliverable of resource , subject to review and approval of the jrc , to be use by 
 the kam team with idn customer , and the tracking of such execution goal and deliverable use a scorecard . 
 ( d ) reporting . within fifteen ( 15 ) business day after the end of each month during the term , each party shall provide to the 
 other party a write report set forth ( i ) the number of detail complete during such month and ( ii ) any change to 
 incentive compensation or sell position of the product by sale representative during such month . exact shall 
 provide to pfizer a weekly report detail , on an eligible prescriber - by - eligible prescriber basis , the product laboratory 
 service activity , include but not limit to , the number of order receive , number of shipment send to patient , and 
 number of result send back to prescriber . 
 3.5 pfizer investment and support . pfizer shall make financial investment in marketing and promote the product in accordance with and 
 in all case subject to the budget in the applicable annual marketing plan ( as the same may be adjust as provide in section 
 3.3 ) and shall be equal to fifty percent ( 50 ) of share m&p expense , in the amount set forth in the chart below . pfizer , at its own 
 expense , shall use commercially reasonable effort to carry out pfizer ’s responsibility under the annual marketing plan , which 
 commercially reasonable effort shall include commit the appropriate resource to assist in the implementation of the annual 
 marketing plan and to carry out the activity pfizer be responsible for thereunder and hereunder . pfizer will make investment as 
 set forth in the chart below . notwithstanding the above , pfizer agree to invest its portion of share m&p expense each calendar 
 year subject to , ( a ) exact spending at least twelve million dollar ( 12,000,000 ) in baseline m&p expense each calendar quarter 
 ( provide , that notwithstanding exact ’s quarterly spend for baseline m&p expense , exact shall spend a total of eighty million 
 dollar ( 80,000,000 ) in baseline m&p expense each calendar year measure as of the end of each calendar year ) , ( b ) an amount 
 equal to the total share m&p expense contribute by both party be use for marketing and promotion and ( c ) a total sum of 
 not less than eighty million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) of baseline m&p expense be use for marketing and promotional activity , 
 include the cost of exact sponsorship and relate activities; provide , however , the party may agree to reallocate share 
 m&p expense by 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 mutual write consent . pfizer agree to match dollar for dollar exact ’s share m&p expense for a calendar year to up to the 
 amount specify in the chart below . 
 calendar year 
 pfizer ’s share m&p expense 

 24 million 

 22 million 

 21 million 

 20 million 
 for any investment period less than a full calendar year ( other than 2018 ) , pfizer ’s share m&p expense investment shall be 
 adjust pro rata base on the number of month remain until the end of the calendar year . for calendar year 2018 , pfizer ’s 
 share m&p expense shall be adjust to equal the number of month remain from the launch date to december 31 , 2018 
 divide by twelve ( 12 ) multiply by twenty - four million dollar ( 24,000,000); provide the requirement of this section 3.5 be 
 satisfied . pfizer shall have no obligation to incur share m&p expense in excess of the amount in the above chart for the give 
 calendar year , unless the party mutually agree to increase their portion of the share m&p expense . 
 3.6 exact investment and support . exact shall commit , at its sole cost and expense and not subject to reimbursement by pfizer , to 
 maintain its originally plan out - of - pocket marketing and promotional spend of eighty million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) in each 
 of the 2018 , 2019 , 2020 , and 2021 calendar year , include the exact sponsorship and relate activity ( the " baseline m&p 
 expense " ) . in addition to baseline m&p expense , exact shall invest share m&p expense in amount to be match by pfizer 
 pursuant to section 3.5 above . exact , at its own expense , shall use its commercially reasonable effort to carry out exact ’s 
 responsibility under the annual marketing plan , which commercially reasonable effort shall include commit the appropriate 
 resource to assist in the implementation of the annual marketing plan and to carry out the activity exact be responsible for 
 thereunder . in addition , except as provide for in section 3.2(d ) , exact shall be responsible for contract with agency and 
 vendor who be or will be provide service ( include the development of promotional material and training material ) 
 associate with the execution of the annual marketing plan , shall timely pay all amount due to such agency and vendor for 
 such service and shall authorize pfizer to interact directly with and instruct such agency and vendor in connection with such 
 service as necessary and appropriate under this agreement . 
 calendar 
 year 
 exact ’s baseline m&p 
 expense 
 exact ’s share m&p 
 expense 

 80 million 
 24 million 

 80 million 
 22 million 

 80 million 
 21 million 

 80 million 
 20 million 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 for any investment period less than a full calendar year ( other than 2018 ) , exact ’s baseline m&p expense and share m&p 
 expense investment shall be adjust pro rata base on the number of month remain until the end of the calendar year . for 
 calendar year 2018 , exact ’s baseline m&p expense and share m&p expense shall be adjust to equal the number of month 
 remain from the launch date to december 31 , 2018 divide by twelve ( 12 ) multiply by eighty million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) or 
 twenty - four million dollar ( 24,000,000 ) , as applicable; provide that the requirement of this section 3.6 be satisfied . exact 
 shall have no obligation to incur share m&p expense in excess of the amount in the above chart for the give calendar year , 
 unless the party each agree to increase their portion of the share m&p expense . 
 3.7 change in share m&p expense . in the event the party agree to not implement or to discontinue implementation of a strategy or 
 tactic include in any annual marketing plan , the applicable share m&p expense investment set forth above shall be either ( a ) 
 adjust if , during good faith discussion at the jsc , the party agree on the implementation of a substitute strategy or tactic in 
 place of the strategy or tactic that be not implement or be discontinue , which adjustment will reflect any difference in cost 
 of such substitute strategy or tactic or ( b ) reduce by the amount(s ) allocate in the applicable budget for such strategy or tactic 
 under the applicable annual marketing plan , if the party , during good faith discussion at the jsc , agree not to implement a 
 substitute strategy or tactic in place of the strategy or tactic that be not implement or which be discontinue . any amount 
 save as result of this section 3.7 shall be re - deploy to other expense associate with the marketing of the product , unless 
 otherwise determine by the jsc . 
 4 . account . 
 4.1 responsibility for share m&p expense . 
 ( a ) general . share m&p expense contribute by exact and pfizer pursuant to section 3.5 and 3.6 shall be use solely to fund 
 activity pursuant to the annual marketing plan . the party shall agree to calendar quarter phasing of baseline m&p 
 expense and share m&p expense for budgeting purpose . the party will spend amount contribute to baseline 
 m&p expense and share m&p expense simultaneously throughout each calendar year , in a manner consistent with 
 the approved budget set forth in the annual marketing plan . any baseline m&p expense and share m&p expense 
 budget but not spend in calendar quarter may be roll over into the next calendar quarter . for the avoidance of 
 doubt , pfizer will match dollar for dollar exact ’s share m&p expense for a calendar year to up to the amount set forth 
 in section 3.5 . 
 ( b ) remainder of 2018 . promptly after the effective date , exact shall discuss with pfizer its plan marketing and promotional 
 spend associate with the product for the period begin on the effective date and end on december 31 , 2018 , so 
 that pfizer may understand and recommend 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 reallocation of all or any portion of such plan marketing and promotional spend associate with the product . budget 
 phasing of 2018 pro - rat baseline m&p expense and pro - rat share m&p expense shall be do on the calendar 
 quarter basis . exact agree it shall spend at least eighty million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) toward marketing and promotion 
 ( include any amount spend between january 1 , 2018 and the effective date ) and the pro - rat share m&p expense 
 for 2018 . 
 ( c ) reporting . within fifteen ( 15 ) business day after the end of each month during the term begin with october , 2018 , exact 
 shall provide to pfizer a write report set forth the amount of baseline m&p expense and share m&p expense 
 incur and pay for by exact during such month , which report shall also provide sufficient itemization and detail relate 
 to such expense in order for pfizer to confirm that such baseline m&p expense and share m&p expense be 
 incur pursuant to the annual marketing plan . pfizer , within fifteen ( 15 ) business day after the end of each month 
 during the term , begin with october , 2018 , shall prepare and provide to exact a write report set forth the 
 aggregate amount of share m&p expense incur and pay for by pfizer during such month , along with sufficient 
 itemization and detail relate to such expense in order for exact to confirm that such share m&p expense be 
 incur pursuant to the annual marketing plan . 
 4.2 promotion fee . 
 ( a ) calculation of promotion fee . from the launch date and end on the last day of the next calendar quarter and each 
 subsequent calendar quarter during the term , exact shall owe pfizer a service fee equal to fifty percent ( 50 ) of the 
 product of : laboratory service revenue minus baseline laboratory service revenue ( " incremental laboratory service 
 revenue " ) for the calendar quarter multiply by gross margin percent for the calendar quarter ( such product , the 
 " promotion fee " ) . in no event shall the gross margin percent use in the calculation of the promotion fee be less than 
 sixty - eight percent ( 68 ) or more than seventy - four percent ( 74 ) . the calculation of the promotion fee pursuant to 
 this section 4.2(a ) be subject to section 4.2(c ) below . promotion fee(s ) and all compensation pay by exact to pfizer under 
 this agreement , even where calculate as a percentage of sale , be intend to compensate pfizer a fair market value for 
 the entirety of service that pfizer be provide to exact hereunder . 
 the formula for the calculation of the promotion fee be as follow : 
 a = laboratory service revenue 
 b = baseline laboratory service revenue 
 c = gross margin percent 
 promotion fee = 0.5 ( a - b ) c 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( b ) baseline laboratory service revenue . the chart below set forth the baseline laboratory service revenue for the product 
 for each calendar year during the term ( the " calendar year baseline laboratory service revenue " ) . in the annual 
 marketing plan the appropriate calendar year baseline laboratory service revenue shall be allocate among each 
 calendar quarter during such calendar year , take into consideration seasonality or other sale demand variable . for 
 2018 , the first calendar quarter shall be from the launch date to december 31 , 2018 and the calendar year baseline 
 laboratory service revenue allocate to that calendar quarter shall be 130 million . 
 calendar year 
 baseline laboratory service 
 revenue 

 441 million 

 622 million 

 861 million 

 1.191 billion 
 ( c ) supplemental promotion fee . 
 ( i ) subject to pfizer ’s compliance with section 3.4(a)(i ) and 3.4(a)(ii ) , ( a ) exact shall pay pfizer the amount , if any , by 
 which the aggregate amount of the promotion fee incur by exact to pfizer during the remainder of 2018 
 calendar year and 2019 calendar year ( the " first promotion fee period " ) be less than 37.5 million ( the " first 
 supplemental promotion fee " ) , and ( b ) exact shall pay pfizer the amount , if any , by which the aggregate 
 promotion fee incur by exact to pfizer during each of calendar year 2020 and 2021 be less than 30 million 
 ( " annual supplemental promotion fee " ) , in each case to compensate pfizer for the sale , marketing and other 
 performance provide by pfizer under this agreement . 
 ( ii ) as of june 30 of each calendar year during the term , exact shall calculate a partial - period amount to be pay toward 
 the potential first supplemental promotion fee or the potential annual supplemental promotion fee , as the 
 case may be . with regard to the first supplemental promotion fee , the partial - period payment shall be equal to 
 the amount by which the promotion fee for 2018 , and the first six ( 6 ) month of calendar year 2019 , be less than 
 22.5 million , and with regard to each annual supplemental promotion fee , the partial - period payment shall be 
 equal to the amount by which the promotion fee for the six - month ( 6 - month ) period through june 30 be less 
 than 15 million . 
 ( iii ) as of december 31 of each calendar year during the term , exact shall calculate the first supplemental promotion fee 
 or the annual supplemental promotion fee , as the case may be , if any , for the entirety of the applicable period . 
 exact shall pay pfizer the first 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 supplemental promotion fee or the annual supplemental promotion fee , as the case may be , if any , less any 
 partial - period payment make by exact during the applicable period pursuant to section 4.2(c)(ii ) . 
 ( iv ) to the extent the amount of the promotion fee for the first promotion fee period exceed the first supplemental 
 promotion fee , exact shall be entitle to a credit of such excess amount up to the amount of any partial - period 
 payment make by exact during such first promotion fee period pursuant to section 4.2(c)(ii ) , and exact shall 
 apply such credit toward the promotion fee payment due pfizer for the fourth calendar quarter of 2019 ( or due 
 for subsequent calendar quarter until such credit be fully exhaust ) . to the extent the amount of the 
 promotion fee for any calendar year after 2019 exceed the annual supplemental promotion fee for such 
 calendar year , exact shall be entitle to a credit of such excess amount up to the amount of any partial - period 
 payment make by exact during such calendar year pursuant to section 4.2(c)(ii ) , and exact shall apply such 
 credit toward the promotion fee payment due pfizer for the fourth calendar quarter of such calendar year ( or 
 due for subsequent calendar quarter until such credit be fully exhausted ) . 
 ( v ) any amount due under section 4.2(c)(i ) and ( ii ) shall be payable within thirty ( 30 ) day after each of june 30 , and 
 december 31 of each calendar year , begin with june 30 , 2019 , as applicable . 
 ( d ) ob / gyn sale . if exact ( i ) grant ob / gyn commercial right to a third party in accordance with section 3.1(c ) or ( ii ) launch 
 its own sale channel in the ob / gyn field ( as applicable , the " exclude channel " ) , then the laboratory service 
 revenue use to perform the calculation set forth in section 4.2(a ) and to determine royalty payment pursuant to 
 section 8.7 shall exclude all laboratory service revenue attributable to the exclude channel except a mutually agree 
 percentage of laboratory service revenue during the applicable period attributable to such exclude channel ( the 
 " include revenue percentage”); provide , that ( a ) such include revenue percentage will reflect the anticipated 
 relative contribution of the party with regard to the exclude channel after such launch , and ( b ) the include revenue 
 percentage shall not be less than the revenue percentage attributable to the ob / gyn field as of the date of such launch , 
 calculate on the same basis that revenue from the ob / gyn field be calculate by exact on the effective date . 
 4.3 fee statement and payment . 
 ( a ) monthly and quarterly financial deliverable . exact shall on a monthly basis , not later than fifteen ( 15 ) business day after 
 the end of the month , deliver to pfizer a full suite of performance datum , include product laboratory service complete , 
 average selling price per unit , laboratory service revenue , rebate , net revenue and a detailed cost of sale schedule 

 th 
 st 
 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( consist of collection kit distribute to patient , royalty pay , shipping cost , lab operating expense and reagent 
 cost ) . not later than fifteen ( 15 ) business day after the end of the calendar quarter , exact shall deliver to pfizer a 
 rolling sale forecast and an estimate , for the remain calendar quarter in the calendar year , of the promotion fee as 
 set forth in section 4.2 . 
 ( b ) payment of promotion fee . exact , within thirty ( 30 ) day after the end of each calendar quarter of the term , shall deliver to 
 pfizer a consolidated report in the form of and contain the information necessary to confirm the calculation of the 
 promotion fee for such calendar quarter , together with the underlie spreadsheet with respect to such calendar 
 quarter . the promotion fee due with respect to such calendar quarter and reflect on the consolidated report shall be 
 remit at the time such report be make . 
 4.4 taxis and withholding . it be understand and agree between the party that any payment make under this agreement be exclusive 
 of any value add or similar tax ( " vat " ) , and that no such vat shall apply to the payment make under this agreement . in the 
 event any payment make pursuant to this agreement become subject to withholding taxis under the law or regulation of any 
 jurisdiction , the party make such payment shall deduct and withhold the amount of such taxis for the account of the payee to 
 the extent require by applicable law and such amount payable to the payee shall be reduce by the amount of taxis deduct 
 and withhold . any such withholding taxis require under applicable law to be pay or withhold shall be an expense of , and 
 bear solely by , the payee . to the extent that the party make a payment be require to deduct and withhold taxis on any 
 payment under this agreement , the party make such payment shall pay the amount of such taxis to the proper governmental 
 authority in a timely manner and promptly transmit to the payee an official tax certificate or other evidence of such withholding 
 sufficient to enable the payee to claim such payment of taxis . the payee shall provide any tax form to the party make such 
 payment that may be reasonably necessary in order for such party not to withhold tax or to withhold tax at a reduce rate under 
 an applicable bilateral income tax treaty . the payee shall use commercially reasonable effort to provide any such tax form to the 
 party make the payment at least thirty ( 30 ) day prior to the due date for any payment for which the payee desire that the 
 party make the payment apply a reduce withholding rate . each party shall provide the other with reasonable assistance to 
 enable the recovery , as permit by law , of withholding taxis , vat , or similar obligation result from payment make under 
 this agreement , such recovery to be for the benefit of the party bear such withholding tax or vat . notwithstanding anything 
 in this agreement to the contrary , ( a ) if an action ( include any assignment or sublicense of its right or obligation under this 
 agreement , or any failure to comply with applicable law or filing or record retention requirement ) by a party lead to the 
 imposition of withholding tax liability or vat on the other party that would not have be impose in the absence of such action 
 or in an increase in such liability above the liability that would have be impose in the absence of such action , then the sum 
 payable by that party ( in respect of which such deduction or withholding be require to be make ) shall be increase to the extent 
 necessary to ensure that the other party 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 receive a sum equal to the sum which it would have receive have no such action occur , ( b ) otherwise , the sum payable by 
 that party ( in respect of which such deduction or withholding be require to be make ) shall be make to the other party after 
 deduction of the amount require to be so deduct or withhold , which deduct or withhold amount shall be remit in 
 accordance with applicable law . 
 4.5 no partnership provision . it be expressly agree that pfizer and exact shall be independent contractor and that the relationship 
 between pfizer and exact shall not constitute a partnership , joint venture or agency . the party agree that the right and 
 obligation under this agreement be not intend to constitute a partnership or similar arrangement that will require separate 
 reporting for tax purpose consistent with the intent reflect in the forego sentence and agree that they shall not file any 
 report , document or other item relate to taxis or state or acknowledge to any tax authority that such relationship be a 
 partnership or similar arrangement unless require by applicable law . 
 4.6 payments; currency . all payment due by one party to the other party hereunder shall be pay by wire transfer in immediately 
 available fund from the account or account of a party and/or its affiliate to an account or account of the receive party 
 and/or its affiliate designate in writing by the receive party . all amount payable and calculation hereunder shall be in 
 united states dollar . 
 4.7 maintenance of records; audit . 
 ( a ) record keeping . each party shall keep and shall cause its affiliate to keep accurate book and account of record in 
 connection with ( i ) its marketing and promotion of the product , ( ii ) ( with respect to exact ) performance of product 
 laboratory service , and ( iii ) its activity under this agreement and any annual marketing plan , in sufficient detail to 
 permit accurate determination of all figure necessary for verification of ( a ) amount to be pay hereunder and ( b ) 
 compliance with the term of this agreement . each party shall , and shall cause its affiliate to , maintain such record for 
 a period of at least three ( 3 ) year after the end of the calendar year to which they pertain . 
 ( b ) financial audit . 
 ( i ) audit right . upon thirty ( 30 ) day prior write notice from a party ( the " auditing party " ) , the other party ( the 
 " audit party " ) shall permit an independent certify public accounting firm of nationally recognize standing 
 select by the auditing party and reasonably acceptable to the audit party , to examine , at the auditing 
 party ’s sole expense , the relevant book and record of the audit party and its affiliate as may be 
 reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of the report submit by the audit party in accordance with 
 section 3.4(d ) , 4.1(c ) and 4.3(a ) and the payment of promotion fee hereunder . an examination by the 
 auditing party under this section 4.6(b ) shall occur not more than once in any calendar year and shall 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 be limit to the pertinent book and record for any calendar year during the term end not more than 
 twenty - four ( 24 ) month before the date of the request . the accounting firm shall be provide access to such 
 book and record at the audit party ’s facility(ie ) in the territory where such book and record be 
 normally keep and such examination shall be conduct during the audit party ’s normal business hour . the 
 audit party may require the accounting firm to sign a standard non - disclosure agreement before provide 
 the accounting firm access to the audit party ’s facility or record . upon completion of the audit , the 
 accounting firm shall provide both pfizer and exact a write report disclose whether the report submit by 
 the audit party be correct or incorrect , whether the promotion fee pay during the audit period or 
 baseline m&p expense or share m&p expense incur during the audit period be correct or incorrect , 
 and , in each case , the specific detail concern any discrepancy . no other information shall be provide to 
 the auditing party . the decision of the accounting firm will be final and unappealable absent manif error . 
 ( ii ) underpayment / overpayment . if such accounting firm conclude that additional promotion fee be due to pfizer , 
 exact shall pay to pfizer an amount equal to the actual promotion fee due minus the promotion fee pay within 
 thirty ( 30 ) day of the date exact receive such accountant ’s write report so conclude . if such accounting 
 firm correctly conclude that promotion fee pay to pfizer be in excess of the amount properly due , pfizer 
 shall pay or refund to exact an amount equal to the promotion fee pay minus the actual promotion fee due 
 within thirty ( 30 ) day of the date exact receive such accountant ’s write report so conclude . 
 ( c ) compliance audit . upon thirty ( 30 ) day prior write notice from an auditing party , the audit party shall permit the 
 auditing party ’s external auditor access to any relevant book document , paper , and record of the party involve 
 any report deliver pursuant to section 3.2(d ) , 3.4(d ) and 4.3(a ) of this agreement and the activity perform under 
 this agreement , if the other party have credible evidence that the other party violate term of this agreement , include 
 with respect to product training under section 3(e ) . an examination by a party under this section 4.6(c ) shall ( i ) occur 
 not more than once in any calendar year , ( ii ) be limit to the pertinent book and record for any calendar year during 
 the term end not more than twenty - four ( 24 ) month before the date of the request and ( iii ) be at the sole expense of 
 the auditing party . the external auditor of the auditing party shall be provide access to such book and record at 
 the audit party ’s facility(ie ) in the territory where such book and record be normally keep and such examination 
 shall be conduct during the audit party ’s normal business hour . the audited party may require any external 
 auditor to sign a standard non - disclosure agreement before provide the accounting firm access to the audit 
 party ’s facility or record . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( d ) confidentiality . all financial and other confidential information of the audit party which be subject to review under this 
 section 4.6 shall be deem to be the audit party ’s confidential information and , subject to the provision of article 6 
 hereof , the auditing party shall not disclose such confidential information to any third party or use such confidential 
 information for any purpose other than verify compliance with this agreement . 
 5 . representation , warranty and covenant . 
 5.1 mutual representation and warranty . each of exact and pfizer hereby represent and warrant to the other party as of the effective 
 date that : 
 ( a ) it be duly organize , validly exist and in good standing under the law of the jurisdiction of its organization; 
 ( b ) the execution , delivery and performance of this agreement by such party have be duly authorize by all requisite action 
 under the provision of its certificate of incorporation , bylaw and other organizational document , and do not require 
 any action or approval by any of its shareholder or other holder of its voting security or voting interest that have not 
 be taken; 
 ( c ) it have the power and authority to execute and deliver this agreement and to perform its obligation hereunder; 
 ( d ) this agreement have be duly execute by an appropriate representative of such party and be a legal , valid and enforceable 
 against such party in accordance with its terms; 
 ( e ) the execution , delivery and performance by such party of this agreement and its compliance with the term and provision 
 hereof do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under ( i ) any oral or write agreement that 
 bind such party ’s operation or property , include any assignment , license agreement , loan agreement , guaranty or 
 financing agreement , ( ii ) the provision of such party ’s certificate of incorporation , bylaw or other organizational 
 document , or ( iii ) any order , writ , injunction , decree or judgment of any court or governmental authority enter 
 against such party or by which any of such party ’s operation or property be bound; 
 ( f ) all material write information provide by each party in the virtual data room maintain for the purpose of the propose 
 transaction under this agreement be complete , truthful and accurate in all material respects; and 
 ( g ) neither it , nor any of its affiliate , nor , to such party ’s knowledge , any of their respective representative have be debar 
 or suspend under 21 u.s.c . § 335(a ) or ( b ) , exclude from a federal health care program , debar from federal 
 contracting , or convict of or plead nolo contendere to any felony , or to any federal or state legal violation ( include 
 misdemeanor ) relate to medical device or fraud ( " debarred / exclude " ) . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 5.2 representation and warranty of exact . exact hereby represent and warrant to pfizer as of the effective date that : 
 ( a ) no consent be require from any third party for exact to enter into , or to exercise its right and perform its obligation under , 
 this agreement; 
 ( b ) in connection with the development , manufacturing and promotion of the product , except as would not reasonably be 
 expect to have a material adverse effect on the promotion of the product in the territory , exact have comply and will 
 continue to comply in all material respect with applicable law , include the fd&c act , the anti - kickback statute ( 42 
 u.s.c . § 1320a-7b ) , civil monetary penalty statute ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7a ) , the false claim act ( 31 u.s.c . § 3729 et seq . ) , 
 comparable state statute , the regulation promulgate under all such statute , and the regulation issue by the fda; 
 ( c ) with respect to the development , manufacturing and promotion of the product , exact have not take and will not take any 
 action directly or indirectly to offer , promise or pay , or authorize the offer or payment of , any money or anything of value 
 in order to improperly or corruptly seek to influence any government official in order to gain an improper advantage; 
 ( d ) in connection with exact ’s manufacturing and promotion of product or exact ’s performance of the product laboratory service 
 in the territory or directly relate to the transaction contemplate by this agreement , except as would not reasonably 
 be expect to have a material adverse effect on the promotion of the product in the territory , ( i ) no write claim , 
 demand , suit , investigation or other legal action of any nature , civil , criminal , regulatory or otherwise , have be file and 
 receive by exact , and be pende in any court , arbitration or government agency proceeding nor , to the knowledge of 
 exact , have any claim , demand , suit , investigation or other legal action of any nature , civil , criminal , regulatory or 
 otherwise be threaten in writing , to be file against exact in any court , arbitration or government agency 
 proceeding; and ( ii ) there be no judgment or settlement against or owe by exact; 
 ( e ) exact have not receive write notice from any third party claim that the manufacture , use , sale or importation by or on 
 behalf of exact of the product in the territory or the performance of any product laboratory service by or on behalf of 
 exact ( i ) infringe any issue patent or intellectual property right of such third party in the territory or ( ii ) will infringe 
 any claim of any publish patent application of such third party in the territory when and if such claim issues; 
 ( f ) to exact ’s knowledge , the manufacture , use , sale or importation by or on behalf of exact of the product in the territory or the 
 performance of any product laboratory service by or on behalf of exact ( i ) do not infringe any issue patent or 
 intellectual property right of any third party in the territory 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 or ( ii ) will not infringe any claim of any publish patent application of any third party in the territory when and if such 
 claim issues; and 
 ( g ) exact be not presently engage in any discussion with any third party with respect to the grant to any third party of and 
 do not currently have any agreement with any third party to grant any right or license to make , use , import , offer for 
 sale or sell any product , in the territory , in each case , which would constitute a grant of ex - us commercial right or 
 ob / gyn commercial right . 
 5.3 covenant . 
 ( a ) each party hereby covenant to the other party that , during the term in the territory : 
 ( i ) it will immediately remove any sale representative from have any responsibility relate to promotion of the 
 product under this agreement if require by applicable law , include if such party determine that such 
 sale representative be debar / excluded; 
 ( ii ) it will promptly remove any sale representative from have any responsibility relate to the promotion of the 
 product under this agreement if , follow an investigation , it be determined that there have be a significant 
 violation of any applicable law , or the party ’s applicable compliance / review policy by such sale 
 representative; and 
 ( iii ) it will not knowingly make any untrue or misleading statement or comment about the product . 
 ( b ) pfizer hereby covenant to exact that , during the term in the territory , it , its affiliate and its sale representative will not ( i ) 
 promote the product outside of the territory or the co - promote field; or ( ii ) disparage or present in a negative light the 
 product in the performance of its obligation hereunder; provide that nothing herein shall be interpret to preclude 
 pfizer from ( a ) describe any risk of a product set forth in the product label or ( b ) make truthful statement about 
 the product to the extent require by applicable law , in connection with any litigation or in response to any question , 
 inquiry or request for information when require by legal process ( e.g. , a valid subpoena or other similar compulsion of 
 law ) or as part of a government investigation . 
 ( c ) exact hereby covenant that neither exact nor its affiliate shall sue pfizer and its affiliate under any exact patent right 
 solely with respect to any activity carry out by pfizer or its affiliate under , and to the extent in compliance with , this 
 agreement , include its and their activity to promote and detail the product in the co - promote field in the territory 
 during the term of this agreement and in compliance with this agreement . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 5.4 compliance with law and ethical business practice . in addition to the other representation , warranty and covenant make by 
 each party under this agreement , each party hereby represent , warrant and covenant to the other party that , during the term 
 in the territory : 
 ( a ) it be , and will remain during the term , license , register and/or qualified under applicable law to do business , and have 
 obtain such license , consent , authorization or complete such registration or make such notification as may be 
 necessary or require by applicable law to perform its obligation under this agreement; 
 ( b ) it will perform its obligation under this agreement in material compliance with this agreement and any applicable annual 
 marketing plan , its applicable compliance / review policy and applicable law ( include the fd&c act , the anti- 
 kickback statute ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7b ) , civil monetary penalty statute ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7a ) , the false claim act ( 31 
 u.s.c . § 3729 et seq . ) , comparable state statute , the regulation promulgate under all such statute , and the 
 regulation issue by the fda); 
 ( c ) in connection with the activity contemplate by this agreement , to each party ’s knowledge , it have be , and during the term 
 will be , in compliance with all applicable u.s . trade law , include those relate to , import control , export control , or 
 economic sanctions; 
 ( d ) it will ensure its own compliance with all applicable laws; 
 ( e ) with respect to the product and any payment or service provide under this agreement , such party have not take , and 
 during the term will not take , any action , directly or indirectly , to offer , promise or pay , or authorize the offer or payment 
 of , any money or anything of value in order to improperly or corruptly seek to influence any government official in order 
 to gain an improper advantage , and have not accept , and will not accept in the future such payment; 
 ( f ) each party hereby certifie that it have implement and will maintain and enforce a compliance and ethic program design to 
 prevent and detect violation of applicable law throughout its operation ( include affiliate ) and the operation of 
 its representative that have responsibility for product , payment , or service provide under the agreement , include 
 by implement policy and procedure set out rule govern interaction with healthcare professional and 
 government officials; the engagement of third party , and where appropriate , due diligence; and the investigation , 
 documentation , and remediation of any allegation , finding , or report relate to a potential violation of its applicable 
 compliance / review policy . such compliance program shall include at a minimum , compliance officer , compliance 
 committee(s ) , policy and procedure relate to ( i ) sale , medical , promotional and marketing activity for the product , 
 ( ii ) regular auditing and monitoring , ( iii ) training 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 on sale , medical , promotional and marketing activity and the relevant legal requirement regard such activity , ( iv ) 
 method to raise question or concern internally ( e.g. , via a hotline ) without fear of retribution or retaliation , ( v ) 
 process for investigate and document any compliance concern or allegation raise , finding or report relate 
 to a potential violation of applicable law , and ( vi ) take remedial , corrective action and/or disciplinary action , as 
 appropriate; 
 ( g ) have implement , and will maintain and enforce , a system of internal accounting control design to ensure the making and 
 keeping of fair and accurate book , record , and account with respect to product , payment , or service provide 
 under this agreement , and regularly monitor and audit its business activity to ensure compliance with its applicable 
 compliance / review policy and the adequacy of internal control , and implement remediation in response to identify 
 issues; 
 ( h ) it will ( a ) maintain truthful and complete documentation support , in reasonable detail , the work perform and any 
 expense incur in connection with this agreement and any product , payment , or service provide under this 
 agreement and ( b ) maintain financial book and record that timely , fairly , accurately , and completely reflect all financial 
 transaction , in accordance with all applicable law ( for example , invoice , report , statement , book , and other 
 record ) , and shall maintain such book and record during the term of the agreement and for three year after final 
 payment have be make under the agreement; 
 ( i ) it provide , and during the term will provide , train to representative provide service in connection with this 
 agreement; 
 ( j ) every year of this agreement that coincide with the term of the corporate integrity agreement ( " cia " ) enter into on may 
 23 , 2018 between pfizer and the united states department of health and human service , office of inspector general , 
 pfizer will send a letter to exact that : ( a ) summarize pfizer ’s obligation under the cia , ( b ) express pfizer ’s 
 commitment to full compliance with all federal health care program requirement , ( c ) describe the pfizer compliance 
 program and ( d ) include a copy of ( or include a link to ) pfizer ’s code of conduct ( refer to as the blue book ) . within 
 thirty ( 30 ) day of receipt of this letter , exact shall respond in write to the contact information include in pfizer ’s letter 
 that exact shall : ( 1 ) make pfizer ’s code of conduct and a description of the pfizer compliance program available to its 
 employee engage in activity relate to the agreement or ( 2 ) represent to pfizer that it have and enforce a 
 substantially comparable code of conduct and compliance program for its employee who have responsibility relate 
 to the agreement; and 
 ( k ) with respect to the product and any payment make or service provide under this agreement : 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( i ) in the event that such party receive a report of or otherwise become aware of a potential violation of its applicable 
 compliance / review policy , the party will perform an investigation in accordance with its established policy 
 and procedure and will take all necessary and appropriate responsive , and corrective action , include 
 disciplinary action ( up to and include termination of any employee , contractor , agent , sub - contractor , 
 customer , vendor or other person that the party believe be responsible); 
 ( ii ) such party have implement , and will at all time during the term maintain , adequate policy and procedure 
 describe the material and information that may be distribute or discuss by the party ’s sale 
 representative relate to the product and the manner in which such person should handle unsolicited 
 request for information relate to off - label us of the product , which policy and procedure shall be 
 design to ensure compliance with applicable law and regulations; 
 ( iii ) such party regularly review its applicable compliance / review policy as part of its internal process of 
 improvement , and , from time to time , benchmark they against the standard of the industry; 
 ( iv ) such party have implement , and will at all time during the term maintain , adequate system , policy , and 
 procedure to screen before hire and annually thereafter all prospective and current representative 
 conduct activity with respect to the product against ( a ) the list of exclude individual / entity compile 
 by the office of the inspector general in the department of health and human service and ( b ) the general 
 services administration ’s list of party exclude from federal program , which policy and procedure 
 require each party ’s prospective and current representative conduct activity with respect to the product 
 to disclose immediately to the party that such representative be or may become debarred / excluded; 
 ( v ) neither party shall provide funding to the other party for charitable donation to independent charity that provide 
 financial assistance to patient , include share cost associate with such donations; provide information 
 to the other party concern its own such donations; or seek to obtain information about such donation from 
 the other party . each party shall have appropriate policy and procedure to ensure that such donation 
 comply with applicable law and current government guidance , include without limitation guidance issue 
 by the u.s . department of health and human service , office of inspector general , and shall operate 
 consistent with those policy and procedure . unless a party do not and will not make such donation 
 during the term of the agreement , if a party do not have appropriate policy and procedure in place on 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 the effective date , the party must implement such policy and procedure within thirty ( 30 ) day of the 
 effective date . either party may request copy of such policy and procedure of the other party in order to 
 confirm compliance with the requirement of this section; 
 ( vi ) certifie that in connection with this agreement , such party ’s compensation system for its representative that 
 perform any marketing , promotion , or sale activity relate to the product be design to ensure that financial 
 incentive do not inappropriately motivate such representative to engage in improper or illegal promotion , 
 sale or marketing of the product ( include off - label promotion of the product ) , and exclude from incentive 
 compensation sale that may be attributable to the off - label use of the product; and 
 ( vii ) in connection with this agreement , each party ’s call planning system for its sale representative that call upon 
 health care professional or health care institution for any promotional or sale activity relate to the 
 product be design to ensure that such sale representative do not call upon health care professional or 
 health care institution that be not likely to prescribe or use the product for an on - label use . 
 5.5 notice of investigation . each party shall promptly notify the other party in the event that it become subject to or aware of any fda 
 or other governmental authority inspection , investigation , or other inquiry or a fda warning letter , untitled letter , or other 
 material governmental notice or communication relate to the service or product cover by this agreement promptly after the 
 party become aware of such inspection , investigation , inquiry , letter , notice , or communication , except to the extent that the 
 disclose party ’s counsel reasonably believe that such disclosure to the other party could violate applicable law ( include 
 privacy law ) or have a significant adverse impact on the disclosing party ’s legal position or defense ( include the loss of 
 attorney - client privilege ) with respect to any such inspection , investigation or other inquiry . in the event that the party 
 determine that disclosure could violate applicable law ( include privacy law ) or have a significant adverse impact on the 
 disclose party ’s legal position or defense ( include the loss of attorney - client privilege ) , the party shall promptly notify the 
 other party that it be exercise its right not to make such disclosure . 
 5.6 representation by legal counsel . each party hereto represent that it have be represent by legal counsel in connection with this 
 agreement and acknowledge that it have participate in the drafting hereof . in interpret and apply the term and provision 
 of this agreement , the party agree that no presumption shall exist or be imply against the party which draft such term and 
 provision . 
 5.7 no inconsistent agreement . neither party shall enter into any oral or write agreement or arrangement that would be inconsistent 
 with its obligation under this agreement . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 5.8 disclaimer . the foregoing warranty of each party be in lieu of any other warranty , express or 
 imply , include any imply warranty of noninfringement , any imply warranty of 
 merchantability or any imply warranty of fitness for a particular purpose all of which be 
 hereby specifically exclude and disclaim . 
 6 . indemnification; limitation of liability and insurance . 
 6.1 indemnification . 
 ( a ) indemnification by exact . exact shall indemnify , defend and hold pfizer , its affiliate and their respective representative ( the 
 " pfizer indemnitee " ) harmless from any claim , damage , action , liability , loss , cost and expense , include 
 attorney ’ fee incur in defend against they , ( hereinafter " claim " ) of a third party arise out of ( a ) the 
 manufacture , marketing , education , promotion , importation or use of the product or the performance of the product 
 laboratory service by exact or its representatives; ( b ) any breach by exact of any of its representation , warranty or 
 obligation under this agreement; or ( c ) any negligent or wrongful act or omission of exact; and ( d ) any alleged patent 
 infringement , regardless of direct , contributory or inducement , by pfizer , its affiliate or their respective representative , 
 as a result of the performance of pfizer ’s obligation under this agreement; except , in each case ( a ) – ( d ) , to the extent 
 such claim arise out of any breach by any pfizer indemnitee of any of its obligation under this agreement , or any 
 negligent or wrongful act or omission of any pfizer indemnitee . 
 ( b ) indemnification by pfizer . pfizer shall indemnify , defend and hold exact , its affiliate and their respective representative ( the 
 " exact indemnitee " ) , harmless from any claim of a third party , to the extent arise out of ( i ) any breach by pfizer of 
 any of its representation , warranty , or obligation under this agreement or ( ii ) any negligent or wrongful act or 
 omission of pfizer , except to the extent such claim arise out of any breach by any exact indemnitee of any of its 
 obligation under this agreement , or any negligent or wrongful act or omission of any exact indemnitee; provide that 
 in no event shall pfizer have any obligation to indemnify exact for any product liability claim arise out of bodily injury 
 or death arise from the use of the product . 
 ( c ) procedure . 
 ( i ) a party believe that it be entitle to indemnification under section 6.1 ( an " indemnified party " ) shall give prompt 
 write notification to the other party ( the " indemnifying party " ) of the commencement of any claim by a third 
 party for which indemnification may be seek or , if early , upon the assertion of any such claim by a third 
 party ( it be understand and agree , however , that the failure by an indemnified party to give notice of a 
 third party claim as provide 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 in this section 6.1(c ) shall not relieve the indemnify party of its indemnification obligation under this 
 agreement except and only to the extent that such indemnify party be actually materially prejudiced as a 
 result of such failure to give notice ) . within thirty ( 30 ) day after delivery of such notification , the indemnifying 
 party may , upon write notice thereof to the indemnified party , assume control of the defense of such claim 
 with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party . if a party believe that a claim present to it for 
 indemnification be one as to which the party seek indemnification be not entitle to indemnification under 
 section 6.1 , it shall so notify the party seek indemnification . 
 ( ii ) if the indemnify party elect to assume the defense of such claim , the indemnified party may participate in such 
 defense at its own expense; provide that if the indemnified party reasonably conclude , base on advice from 
 counsel , that the indemnify party and the indemnified party have conflict interest with respect to such 
 claim , the indemnify party shall be responsible for the reasonable fee and expense of counsel to the 
 indemnify party solely in connection therewith . 
 ( iii ) the indemnify party shall keep the indemnified party advise of the status of such claim and the defense thereof 
 and shall consider recommendation make by the indemnified party with respect thereto . 
 ( iv ) the indemnified party shall not agree to any settlement of such claim without the prior write consent of the 
 indemnifying party , which shall not be unreasonably withhold . the indemnify party shall not agree to any 
 settlement of such claim or consent to any judgment in respect thereof that do not include a complete and 
 unconditional release of the indemnified party from all liability with respect thereto or that impose any liability 
 or obligation on the indemnified party or adversely affect the indemnified party without the prior write 
 consent of the indemnified party , which shall not be unreasonably withhold . 
 6.2 insurance requirement . each party agree to obtain and maintain , during the term and for five ( 5 ) year after the term , commercial 
 general liability insurance , include product liability insurance , with minimum " a- " be well rat insurance carrier , in each 
 case with limit of not less than five million dollar ( 5,000,000 ) per occurrence and in the aggregate . all deductible / retention 
 will be the responsibility of the name insure . pfizer and its affiliate will be an additional insure on exact ’s commercial general 
 liability and product liability policy , and be provide with a waiver of subrogation . to the extent of its culpability , all coverage 
 of exact will be primary and non - contribute with any similar insurance carry by pfizer . notwithstanding any provision of this 
 section 6.2 to the contrary , pfizer may meet its obligation under this section 6.2 through self - insurance . 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 neither party ’s insurance will be construe to create a limit of liability with respect to its indemnification obligation under this 
 section 6 . 
 6.3 limitation of liability . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement , except for ( a ) 
 indemnification obligation of a party under section 6.1 , ( b ) a breach of section 7 by a party or ( c ) 
 the willful misconduct or gross negligence of a party , neither party nor any of its affiliate shall 
 be liable to the other party or any of its affiliate for any special , punitive , indirect , incidental or 
 consequential damage , include lost profit , lose revenue or penalty arise from or 
 relate to any breach of this agreement , regardless of any notice of the possibility of such 
 damage . 
 7 . confidentiality; publicity . 
 7.1 confidentiality . except to the extent expressly authorize by this agreement or otherwise agree in writing , the party agree that , for 
 the term of this agreement and for five ( 5 ) year thereafter , each party ( the " receive party " ) , receive any confidential 
 information of the other party ( the " disclose party " ) hereunder shall keep such confidential information confidential and shall 
 not publish or otherwise disclose or use such confidential information for any purpose other than as provide for in this 
 agreement . " confidential information " mean any technical , scientific , regulatory , commercial , business or other information 
 provide by or on behalf of the disclosing party to the receive party pursuant to this agreement or otherwise relate to or 
 disclose during any transaction contemplate hereby ( include information disclose prior to the effective date under a 
 confidentiality agreement in contemplation of this agreement ) , include information relate to the term of this agreement or 
 the product , and the scientific , regulatory or business affair or other activity of either party; provide that , confidential 
 information shall not include any information that the receive party can establish : 
 ( a ) be already know to the receive party ( other than under an obligation of confidentiality ) , at the time of disclosure by the 
 disclose party and such receive party have documentary evidence to that effect; 
 ( b ) be generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the receive party; 
 ( c ) become generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure or development , as the case 
 may be , and other than through any act or omission of a party in breach of this confidentiality obligation; 
 ( d ) be disclose to that party , other than under an obligation of confidentiality , by a third party who have no obligation , directly 
 or indirectly , to the disclosing party , not to disclose such information to others; or 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( e ) be independently discover or develop by or on behalf of the receive party without the use of the confidential 
 information belong to the other party and the receive party have documentary evidence to that effect . 
 7.2 authorize disclosure and use . 
 ( a ) disclosure . notwithstanding the forego section 7.1 , each party may disclose to third party confidential information 
 belong to the other party to the extent such disclosure be reasonably necessary to : 
 ( i ) prosecute or defend litigation , 
 ( ii ) exercise or enforce right hereunder; provide that such disclosure be cover by term of confidentiality no less 
 stringent than those set forth herein , and 
 ( iii ) comply with inquire by a governmental authority or subpoena issue by a governmental authority or a court of 
 competent jurisdiction . 
 in the event a party shall deem it necessary to disclose pursuant to this section 7.2 confidential information belong 
 to the other party , the disclosing party shall to the extent possible give reasonable advance notice of such disclosure to 
 the other party and take reasonable measure to ensure confidential treatment of such information . 
 ( b ) use . notwithstanding the forego section 7.1 , during the term , each party shall have the right to use the other party ’s 
 confidential information in carry out its respective responsibility under this agreement . 
 7.3 certain regulatory filing . either party may disclose the term of this agreement to the extent require , in the reasonable opinion of 
 such party ’s legal counsel , to comply with applicable law , include the rule and regulation promulgate by the united 
 state securities and exchange commission or by any stock exchange or regulatory body to which the party be subject . before 
 disclose this agreement or any of the term hereof pursuant to this section 7.3 , the party will consult with one another 
 regard the term in this agreement to be redact in make any such disclosure . if a party disclose this agreement or any of 
 the term hereof in accordance with this section 7.3 , such party agree , at its own expense , to seek confidential treatment of 
 portion of this agreement or such term , as may be reasonably request by the other party . 
 7.4 public announcement . the party shall agree upon a joint press release to announce the execution of this agreement , a copy of 
 which be attach as exhibit 7.4.neither party shall issue any news release or other public announcement relate to this 
 agreement except as set forth in exhibit 7.4 , include any of its term , or to the performance of either party hereunder , without 
 the prior write approval of the other party; provide that nothing in this agreement shall prohibit exact from make require 
 disclosure or filing require by applicable law or by the rule 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 and regulation of any security exchange . once the text or substance of any announcement have be so approve , it may be 
 repeat without further approval . 
 7.5 use of name . except as describe in this agreement and as may be require by applicable law , neither party shall distribute or have 
 distribute any publicity or information which bear the name of the other without the prior write approval of the other . 
 8 . term and termination . 
 8.1 term . this agreement shall be effective as of the effective date and shall continue in effect through december 31 , 2021 and any 
 renewal term ( the " term " ) , unless terminate early as set forth herein . 
 8.2 renewal . this agreement may be renew for an additional one year term ( " renewal term " ) upon mutual write agreement of the 
 party . ninety ( 90 ) day prior to the beginning of the renewal term , or as far in advance as practicable if the party agree to a 
 renewal term less than ninety ( 90 ) day prior the commencement of such renewal term , the party shall agree to a baseline 
 laboratory service revenue , baseline m&p expense and share m&p expense for the renewal term . all other term of this 
 agreement shall remain the same through the renewal term . 
 8.3 termination for cause . this agreement may be terminate at any time by either party effective : 
 ( a ) upon thirty ( 30 ) day prior write notice if the other party fail to make the require investment pursuant to section 3.5 or 
 3.6 , as applicable , or pay any amount properly due under this agreement; provide that neither party may terminate if 
 the failure of the other party to meet the investment requirement under section 3.5 or 3.6 , as applicable , be de minimis 
 or not material; provide , far , that any such termination shall only become effective if the allegedly breach party 
 fail to remedy or cure such breach or default prior to the end of such thirty ( 30 ) day period . if , prior to the end of such 
 thirty ( 30 ) day period , the allegedly breach party remedy or cure such breach or default to the reasonable 
 satisfaction of the non - breaching party , this agreement shall remain in full force and effect; 
 ( b ) upon sixty ( 60 ) day prior write notice if the other party materially breach its representation , warranty or obligation 
 under this agreement; provide , however , that any such termination shall only become effective if the allegedly 
 breach party fail to remedy or cure such breach or default prior to the end of such sixty ( 60 ) day period . if , prior to 
 the end of such sixty ( 60 ) day period , the allegedly breach party remedy or cure such breach or default to the 
 reasonable satisfaction of the non - breaching party , this agreement shall remain in full force and effect; 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 ( c ) immediately upon the filing or institution of bankruptcy , reorganization , liquidation or receivership proceeding , or upon an 
 assignment of a substantial portion of the asset for the benefit of creditor by the other party; provide , however , that 
 in the case of any involuntary bankruptcy proceed such right to terminate shall only become effective if the party 
 consent to the involuntary bankruptcy; or 
 ( d ) immediately upon notice to the other party , if such party ( the " violate party " ) be convict of violate any applicable law , 
 include applicable anti - corruption law , bribery and corruption of public official as well as private person and 
 entity , in connection with its activity under this agreement and such violation materially adversely affect the ability 
 of either party to perform its obligation under this agreement . the violating party shall be liable for damage or 
 remedy as provide by law . 
 8.4 termination without cause . after the date that be eighteen ( 18 ) month after the effective date , either party may terminate this 
 agreement upon six ( 6 ) month prior write notice to the other party . 
 8.5 mutual termination . this agreement may be terminate at any time by mutual write consent of the party . 
 8.6 termination for change of control . this agreement may be terminate by either party upon six ( 6 ) month write notice follow a 
 change of control of exact; provide that such notice be give within thirty ( 30 ) day of the consummation of such change of 
 control . 
 8.7 royalty upon expiration . after the expiration of the term or termination pursuant to section 8.4 by either party or section 8.6 by exact , 
 base on cumulative incremental laboratory service revenue achieve during the term or up to the termination date , exact 
 agree to pay pfizer the applicable royalty payment set forth below for twelve ( 12 ) consecutive calendar quarter follow the 
 expiration of the term ( the " tail period”); provide , however , the tail period shall be reduce to the number of full calendar 
 quarter complete during the term if less than twelve ( 12 ) calendar quarter if either party terminate the agreement without 
 cause pursuant to section 8.4 or exact terminate as a result of a change of control pursuant to section 8.6 . such royalty 
 payment shall be payable to pfizer within thirty ( 30 ) day of the end of each calendar quarter . royalty payment shall be 
 determine by multiply the laboratory service revenue and the applicable royalty rate from the chart below . 
 cumulative incremental laboratory 
 service revenue during the term 
 applicable royalty rate 
 if < 200 million 
 0 
 if > 200 million and < 400 million 
 1 
 if > 400 million and < 600 million 
 2 
 if > 600 million 
 3 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 for example , if the cumulative incremental laboratory service revenue achieve during the term be 500 million , the applicable 
 royalty rate be 2 . the royalty payable by exact to pfizer at the end of each calendar quarter after the term be 2 of laboratory 
 service revenue for the applicable calendar quarter . 
 8.8 consequence of termination . 
 ( a ) in the event of any termination under this agreement , ( i ) pfizer shall have no obligation to invest share m&p expense 
 pursuant to section 3.5 as of the effective date of the termination ( except as set forth below ) , ( ii ) pfizer shall cease to 
 make any commitment under section 3.2(d ) as of the date of notice of termination , unless exact notifie pfizer pursuant 
 to section 8.8(b ) and ( iii ) neither party shall have any obligation to reimburse the other party for any expense for 
 activity conduct after the effective date of such termination unless such expense be incur prior to termination . 
 notwithstanding the above , exact agree to pay any financial commitment make by pfizer pursuant to section 3.2(d ) and 
 exhibit 3.2(d ) to third party follow the effective date of termination; provide that such amount conform with the 
 then - current annual marketing plan , include the budget . 
 ( b ) exact shall use commercially reasonable effort to provide six ( 6 ) month notice prior to the expiry of the term , or in the case of 
 termination by pfizer under section 8.4 , within the applicable notice period in advance of the effective date of such 
 termination , that exact intend for pfizer to continue provide advertising service for the product pursuant to section 
 3.2(d ) . thereafter , the party will use good faith effort to agree to the advertising service that will be provide by 
 pfizer during the tail period in accordance with section 3.2(d ) and exhibit 8.8(b ) . for clarity , pfizer ’s obligation to provide 
 advertising service during the tail period be limit to the expiry of the term or termination by pfizer pursuant to 
 section 8.4 , or termination by exact pursuant to section 8.3 . 
 ( c ) in the event exact terminate this agreement for cause pursuant to section 8.3 or pfizer terminate this agreement without 
 cause pursuant to section 8.4 , exact shall not be obligate to pay pfizer a supplemental promotion fee pursuant to 
 section 4.2(c ) for the calendar year , or any portion of such calendar year in which such termination occur . 
 8.9 survival of certain obligation . expiration or termination of the agreement shall not relieve the party of any obligation accrue 
 before such expiration or termination , and the provision of section 1 ( definition ) , 2.5 ( alliance manager ) , 3.2(d ) 
 ( advertising ) , 3.2(e)(iii ) ( return of training material ) , 3.2(j ) ( customer service activities; safety reporting ) , 4.4 ( taxis and 
 withholding); 4.7 ( maintenance of records; audit ) , 6 ( indemnification; limitation of liability; insurance ) , 7 ( confidentiality; 
 publicity); 8 ( term and termination ) and 9 ( miscellaneous ) inclusive , shall survive the expiration of the agreement . any 
 expiration or early termination of this agreement shall be without prejudice to the 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 right of either party against the other accrue or accruing under this agreement before termination . 
 9 . miscellaneous . 
 9.1 interpretation . except where the context expressly require otherwise , ( a ) the use of any gender herein will be deem to encompass 
 reference to either or both gender , and the use of the singular will be deem to include the plural ( and vice versa ) , ( b ) the 
 word " include " , " include " and " include " will be deem to be follow by the phrase " without limitation " , ( c ) the word " will " 
 will be construe to have the same meaning and effect as the word " shall " , ( d ) any reference herein to any person will be 
 construe to include the person ’s successor and assign , ( e ) the word " herein " , " hereof " and " hereunder " , and word of 
 similar import , will be construe to refer to this agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof , ( f ) all 
 reference herein to section or exhibit will be construe to refer to section or exhibit of this agreement , and reference to 
 this agreement include all exhibit hereto , ( g ) the word " notice " mean notice in write ( whether or not specifically state ) and 
 will include notice , consent , approval and other write communication contemplate under this agreement , ( h ) provision 
 that require a party , the party or any committee hereunder to " agree , " " consent " or " approve " or the like will require that such 
 agreement , consent or approval be specific and in writing , whether by write agreement , letter , approve minute or otherwise 
 ( but exclude text and instant messaging ) , ( i ) reference to any specific law , rule or regulation , or article , section or other division 
 thereof , will be deem to include any amendment thereto or any replacement or successor law , rule or regulation thereof , and ( j ) 
 the term " or " will be interpret in the inclusive sense commonly associate with the term " and/or . " 
 9.2 assignment . this agreement may not be assign or otherwise transfer , nor may any right or obligation hereunder be assign or 
 transfer , by either party without the prior write consent of the other party . notwithstanding the foregoing , either party may , 
 without consent of the other party , assign this agreement and its right and obligation hereunder in whole or in part to an 
 affiliate of such party , or in whole to its successor in interest in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of its stock or 
 its asset to which this agreement relate , or in connection with a merger , acquisition or similar transaction . any attempt 
 assignment not in accordance with the foregoing shall be null and void and of no legal effect . any permit assignee shall 
 assume all assign obligation of its assignor under this agreement . the term and condition of this agreement shall be 
 bind upon , and shall inure to the benefit of , the party and their respected successor and permit assign . 
 9.3 further action . each party agree to execute , acknowledge and deliver such further instrument , and to do all such other act , as may 
 be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purpose and intent of the agreement . 
 9.4 force majeure . each party will be excuse from the performance of its obligation under this agreement to the extent that such 
 performance be prevent by force 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 majeure ( define below ) and the nonperforme party promptly provide notice of the prevention to the other party . such excuse 
 will be continue so long as the condition constitute force majeure continue and the nonperforme party take commercially 
 reasonable effort to remove the condition; provide that if any delay in performance due to force majeure continue for a period 
 of six ( 6 ) month or more , then the other party will have the right to terminate this agreement immediately upon write notice . 
 for purpose of this agreement , " force majeure " will include condition beyond the control of the party , include an act of 
 god , voluntary or involuntary compliance with any regulation , law or order of any government , war , act of terror , civil commotion , 
 labor strike or lock - out , epidemic , failure or default of public utility or common carrier , destruction of production facility or 
 material by fire , earthquake , storm or like catastrophe . 
 9.5 notice . all notice and other communication require or permit hereunder ( include any notice of force majeure , breach , 
 termination , change of address , etc . ) shall be in writing and will be deem give ( a ) upon receipt if deliver personally or by 
 facsimile transmission ( receipt verified ) , ( b ) five ( 5 ) day after be deposit in the mail if mail by registered or certify mail 
 ( return receipt request ) postage prepay or ( c ) on the next business day if send by overnight delivery use a nationally 
 recognize express courier service and specify next business day delivery ( receipt verified ) , and will be send to the party at 
 the follow address or facsimile number , as applicable , ( or at such other address or facsimile number for a party as will be 
 specify by like notice; provide , however , that notice of a change of address will be effective only upon receipt thereof ): 
 all correspondence to pfizer shall be address as follow : 
 pfizer inc . 
 235 east 42nd street 
 new york , new york 10017 attn : general counsel 
 fax : ( 212 ) 309 - 0874 
 with a copy to : 
 pfizer inc . 
 235 east 42 street 
 new york , new york 10017 
 attn : regional president , north america , internal medicine 
 and 
 pfizer inc . 
 235 east 42 street 
 new york , new york 10017 
 attn : chief counsel , internal medicine 
 all correspondence to exact shall be address as follow : 

 nd 
 nd 
 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 exact science corporation 
 441 charmany drive 
 madison , wisconsin 53719 
 attn : general counsel 
 fax : ( 608 ) 284 - 5701 
 with a copy to : 
 exact science corporation 
 441 charmany drive 
 madison , wisconsin 53719 
 attn : ceo 
 9.6 amendment . no amendment , modification or supplement of any provision of this agreement shall be valid or effective unless make in 
 a writing sign by a duly authorize officer of each party and deliver to each of the party . 
 9.7 waiver . no provision of the agreement shall be waive by any act , omission or knowledge of a party or its agent or employee except 
 by an instrument in write expressly waive such provision and sign by a duly authorize officer of the waive party . the 
 failure of either party to require the performance of any term of this agreement , or the waiver of either party of any breach of this 
 agreement , shall not prevent a subsequent exercise or enforcement of such term or be deem a waiver of any subsequent 
 breach of the same or any other term of this agreement . 
 9.8 severability . if any clause or portion thereof in this agreement be for any reason hold to be invalid , illegal or unenforceable , the same 
 shall not affect any other portion of this agreement , as it be the intent of the party that this agreement shall be construe in 
 such fashion as to maintain its existence , validity and enforceability to the great extent possible . in any such event , this 
 agreement shall be construe as if such clause of portion thereof have never be contain in this agreement , and there shall be 
 deem substitute therefor such provision as will most nearly carry out the intent of the party as express in this agreement 
 to the full extent permit by applicable law . 
 9.9 descriptive heading . the descriptive heading of this agreement be for convenience and reference purpose only , and shall be of 
 no force or effect in construe or interpret any of the provision of this agreement . 
 9.10 govern law . this agreement shall be govern by and interpret in accordance with the substantive law of the state of new 
 york , without regard to conflict of law principle thereof . 
 9.11 dispute resolution . the party recognize that a bona fide dispute as to certain matter may from time to time arise during the term of 
 this agreement that relate to any party ’s right or obligation hereunder . in the event of the occurrence of any dispute arise out 
 of or relate to this agreement ( other than a dispute jsc 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 matter , which shall be resolve as provide in section 2.1 , a dispute joc matter , which shall be resolve as provide in section 
 2.2 and dispute jrc matter , which shall be resolve as provide in section 2.3 ) , include any question regard its existence , 
 validity or termination ( a " dispute " ) , any party may , by write notice to the other , have such dispute refer to their respective 
 senior officer or such senior officer ’s designee , for attempt resolution by good faith negotiation within thirty ( 30 ) day after 
 such notice be receive . any negotiation regard a dispute be confidential and shall be treat as compromise and settlement 
 negotiation for purpose of the u.s . federal rule of evidence and any similar rule of evidence . 
 9.12 entire agreement of the party . this agreement constitute and contain the complete , final and exclusive understanding and 
 agreement of the party and cancel and supersede any and all prior negotiation , correspondence , understanding and 
 agreement , whether oral or write , among the party respect the subject matter hereof and thereof . 
 9.13 independent contractor . both party be independent contractor under this agreement . nothing herein contain shall be deem 
 to create an employment , agency , joint venture or partnership relationship between the party hereto or any of their agent or 
 employee , or any other legal arrangement that would impose liability upon one party for the act or failure to act of the other 
 party . neither party shall have any express or imply power to enter into any contract or commitment or to incur any liability 
 in the name of , or on behalf of , the other party , or to bind the other party in any respect whatsoever . neither party shall have any 
 responsibility for the hiring , termination , compensation or benefit of the other party ’s employee . 
 9.14 no legal advice . each party acknowledge and agree that the other party and the other party ’s attorney be not represent such 
 party during the course of or in connection with any activity under this agreement and that , unless otherwise expressly agree 
 in writing by the other party ’s attorney , any opinion express by the other party or the other party ’s attorney with respect to 
 any marketing or promotional material or the activity of either party under this agreement shall not be consider to be legal 
 advice regardless of whether or not relate to a legal or regulatory matter . 
 9.15 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in two ( 2 ) counterpart , each of which will be an original and both of which will 
 constitute together the same document . counterpart may be sign and deliver by facsimile or digital file , each of which will 
 be bind when receive by the applicable party . 
 ( remainder of page intentionally leave blank ) 

 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018 
 in witness whereof , duly authorize representative of the party have duly execute this agreement to be effective as of the 
 effective date . 
 pfizer inc . 
 exact science corporation 
 by /s/ michael gladstone 
 by /s/ kevin conroy 
 name : michael gladstone 
 name : kevin conroy 
 title : global president , internal medicine 
 title : chairman & chief executive officer 
 pfizer innovative health 
 signature page 
 source : exact sciences corp , 8 - k , 8/22/2018