walabot - home reseller agreement 
 this walabot - home reseller agreement ( " agreement " ) be make and enter into as of this 31 day of july 2019 
 ( " effective date " ) by and between vayyar imaging ltd . , have its principal place of business at 3 avraham giron st . , pob . 
 325 , yehud 5621717 , israel ( " supplier " ) , and inde living holding , inc . , have its principal place of business at 1462 
 rudder lane , knoxville , tn 37919 ( " reseller " ) . vayyar and reseller shall be refer to individually as " party " and 
 collectively as " party " . 
 1 . 
 definition . the follow capitalize term shall have the following meaning : 
 " customer " mean a third party who purchase the product from reseller within the territory , for its internal use 
 only ( include for the personal use of its end user ) , such as nursing home . 
 " end user " mean a third party who be a customer of customer or be otherwise relate to a customer of customer , and 
 who purchase and/or use the product within the territory , for its personal use only . 
 " end user agreement " mean supplier ’s standard license agreement , which be available at 
 https://walabot.com/walabot-home , which govern each end user ’s right to use the product , as amend by supplier in 
 its sole discretion from time to time . 
 " moq " mean the minimum order quantity of product unit during the initial term , as set forth in schedule 1 . 
 . 
 " order " mean a write purchase order for product to be purchase by the reseller . 
 " product " mean the product list in schedule 1 . 
 " software " mean supplier ’s proprietary software component , include as part of the product , include all 
 improvement , correction , update , upgrade and any related documentation and derivative thereof . 
 " territory " mean the country and/or territory list in schedule 1 . 
 appointment 
 during the term ( define below ) and subject to the term and condition of this agreement ( include , but not limit 
 to section 12.4 hereof ) , supplier hereby ( i ) appoint reseller , and reseller accept the appointment , as a non‐ 
 exclusive reseller of the product in the territory . in connection with the forego appointment , supplier hereby 
 grant reseller a non - transferable , revocable , limit right to resell , market , promote , stimulate interest in , and solicit 
 order by customer and/or end user in the territory for the product and to provide service in connection with 
 those activity . reseller shall be solely responsible for all of its cost and expense relate to the resale of the 
 product . notwithstanding anything to the contrary , supplier reserve any and all right with respect to the product 
 not expressly grant in this agreement . without limit the right of the reseller to receive any and all pay - for 
 product ( include but not limit to under section 4.2 hereof ) , nothing in this agreement shall entitle the reseller to 
 any priority of supply in relation to the product as against any other distributor or customer of the supplier . " paid‐ 
 for product " mean product for which reseller submit an order , have that order accept by supplier , and for 
 which reseller have remit payment in full to the supplier under this agreement . subject to the term of section 13 , 
 below , it be hereby clarify that supplier may , in its sole discretion , sell the product to any other person 
 or entity , whether within the territory or otherwise . 
 . 
 . 
 . 
 obligation of reseller 
 by fulfil its obligation under this agreement , the reseller shall : ( i ) comply with all applicable law and regulations; 
 ( ii ) use material and brand solely as determine by the supplier ( subject to the right of the reseller to make change 
 to such material as be describe in section 2.4); ( iii ) attend training and sale meeting as require by the supplier , so 
 as to be able to describe , demonstrate , and sell the product adequately; ( iv ) make sure that all the end user be 
 sign the end user agreement , and in the event that any end user do not comply with these term , reseller shall 
 bear all liability associate with said end user; and ( v ) make no representation or warranty with respect to the 
 product other than those provide in the product ' documentation; 
 supplier shall be fully responsible for ship the product to the reseller at the address of the reseller specify in 
 each order ( or as otherwise communicate by reseller to supplier under this agreement ) and will obtain and provide 
 for itself and/or on behalf of reseller , any and all registration , license , permit , certificate and all other 
 documentation and information require for the exportation , importation , storage , marketing and otherwise resale of the 
 product in the territory . for such process , supplier will allocate the additional cost on a pre - agree per product unit 
 additional price basis , which will be subject to an increase ( subject to change in taxis ) . reseller agree to reimburse 
 supplier for the reasonable out of pocket cost and expense incur by supplier in connection with the shipment and 
 delivery of the product , and of obtain the foregoing registration , license , permit , certificate and other 
 documentation , provide that supplier submit an invoice therefore in reasonable detail ( and unless and solely to the 
 extent such reimbursement be prohibit by section 14.9 or prohibit under other applicable law ) . for the avoidance 
 of doubt , in no way will supplier be subject to any tax ( i.e. , sale tax ) relate to the sale of the product to reseller ’s 
 customer and/or end user . 
 1 . 
 1.1 . 
 1.2 . 
 1.3 . 
 1.4 . 
 1.5 . 
 1.6 . 
 1.7 . 
 1.8 . 
 1.9 . 
 2 . 
 2.1 . 
 2.2 . 
 2.3 . 
 2.4 . 
 3 . 
 3.1 . 
 3.2 . 
 source : healthcare integrated technologies inc . , 8 - k , 8/12/2019 
 diagnostic , telemetric datum and analytic . supplier will retain access to diagnostic , telemetric datum and analytic 
 generate by the product . the datum shall be upload to supplier ’s firebase server in a timely manner . a server 
 interface will be embed within the software package provide by the supplier . distributor will maintain supplier ’s 
 interface to the server and access to such datum within the product; provide that the datum and analytic to be receive 
 by the supplier shall , in all case , not be in violation of any applicable privacy or other law . 
 order , payment and delivery 
 . 
 if reseller fail to submit order with an aggregate value equal to or great than the moq , then reseller shall pay 
 supplier a sum equal to the shortfall , within 30 day after the end of the initial term . upon payment of such amount , 
 seller shall deliver the product pay for to reseller in a commercially reasonable timeframe ( and in no event any later 
 than 150 day from the date such payment be receive in full ) to be sell by reseller in accordance with this agreement 
 as contemplate by the last sentence of section 12.4 . 
 reseller shall place its order by email , at the email address set out in schedule 1 . each order shall detail the total 
 order quantity of the product and the request date of delivery ( take into consideration up to 4 month lead time ) . 
 within 5 business day follow the receipt of each order , supplier shall acknowledge receipt of such order . no order 
 shall be bind upon supplier until such write acknowledgment be send by supplier to reseller; provide that 
 supplier shall confirm or reject such order at its discretion . 
 . 
 packaging , sample and transportation 
 immediately upon delivery of the product at the reseller ’s facility within the territory ( " arrival date " ) , reseller 
 shall visually inspect the product and the appropriate document , and employ good receiving / deliver procedure , 
 verification of the product to confirm origin , identity , quantity , label storage condition , integrity of the packaging as 
 well as any other inspection , as may be require by applicable law or regulation . 
 reseller shall ensure that the product be deliver with appropriate information and documentation , and shall not 
 make any change to the product or to the packaging or labeling thereof , or to the legal document include in the 
 product ' package , without supplier ’s prior write consent ( subject to the right of the reseller to make change to 
 such material as be describe in section 2.4 ) . reseller shall ensure traceability of the deliver product . 
 defective products; warranty; support 
 . 
 during the term supplier may extend an offer to reseller for a return discount program , whereby the supplier will 
 rebate a percentage of the cost of good sell in lieu of accept end - user return . in the event no return discount 
 program have be enter into by the party , supplier will not accept return product , except for case of defective 
 product . 
 . 
 . 
 intellectual property 
 supplier shall retain all its right and title to and ownership of all intellectual property right in the product include , 
 inter alia , all documentation , enhancement , improvement or other modification make thereof ( include those 
 modification make in connection with section 3.1 above ) , and except as expressly provide in this agreement , reseller 
 shall have no right , title , or interest in any intellectual property right in the product . nothing in this section shall 
 limit the right of the reseller in or to any modification make to the software in accordance with section 2.3 . 
 reseller shall : ( a ) not do or omit to do , nor authorize any third party to do or omit to do , any act or omission that 
 would or might invalidate or be inconsistent with any of supplier ’s intellectual property rights; ( b ) promptly notify 
 supplier of any actual , threaten , or suspect infringement of any of supplier ’s intellectual property right that 
 come to reseller ’s notice; and ( c ) at supplier ’s request and expense , do all such thing as may be reasonably require 
 to assist supplier in take or resist any proceeding in relation to any such infringement or claim . 
 confidential information . each party agree that it will maintain the confidentiality of all electronic , oral , and write 
 communication from the other party which should reasonably be regard in the normal commercial view , as 
 constitute confidential information , trade secret or proprietary information ( " confidential information " ) and use 
 such confidential information only as necessary to exercise a party ’s right or perform a party ’s obligation under this 
 agreement . each party shall : ( i ) safeguard and keep secret all confidential information , and will not directly or 
 indirectly disclose to any third party the confidential information without write permission of the other; and ( ii ) in 
 perform its obligation hereunder , use at least the same degree of care as it do with respect to its own confidential 
 information of like importance but , in any event , at least reasonable care . any information relate to the product shall 
 be consider the supplier ’s confidential information . if either party becomes legally oblige to make disclosure of the 
 other party ’s confidential information , that party shall immediately notify the first party and reasonably cooperate 
 with the first party in any effort to limit or object to the disclosure . 
 3.3 . 
 4 . 
 4.1 . 
 4.2 . 
 4.3 . 
 4.4 . 
 5 . 
 5.1 . 
 5.2 . 
 6 . 
 6.1 . 
 6.2 . 
 6.3 . 
 6.4 . 
 7 . 
 7.1 . 
 7.2 . 
 8 . 
 source : healthcare integrated technologies inc . , 8 - k , 8/12/2019 
 disclaimer of warranty . unless specify otherwise herein ( include but not limit to 
 the back to back warranty specify in section 6.5 ) and without limitation to any 
 warranty which supplier may , in its sole discretion , make to any customer and/or 
 end user , the product be provide on an " as be " and " as available " basis , and 
 supplier do not make any warranty , express or imply , with respect to the 
 product or its operation thereof , merchantability and fitness for a particular 
 purpose . 
 limitation of liability 
 to the maximum extent permit by applicable law , in no event shall supplier be 
 liable under , or otherwise in connection with , this agreement for : ( a ) any 
 consequential , indirect , special , incidental , or punitive damages; ( b ) any loss of 
 profit , loss of business , loss of revenue , or loss of anticipated savings; ( c ) any loss 
 of , or damage to , datum , reputation , or goodwill; and/or ( d ) the cost of procure 
 any substitute good or service . the aggregate liability of supplier under , or in 
 connection with , this agreement shall be equal to the less of : ( i ) ; and ( ii ) . 
 the foregoing exclusion and limitation shall apply : ( a ) even if supplier have be 
 advise , or should have be aware , of the possibility of loss or damages; ( b ) even 
 if any remedy in this agreement fail of its essential purpose; and ( c ) regardless of 
 the theory or basis of liability ( include , without limitation , breach of contract , 
 tort , negligence or strict liability ) . 
 indemnification . reseller shall defend , indemnify and hold harmless supplier and its employee , officer , director , 
 supplier , and successor from and against any third - party claim , suit , proceeding , damage , loss and/or liability 
 arise from or relate to ( i ) reseller ’s breach of any provision of this agreement; and/or ( ii ) reseller ’s interaction 
 and/or relationship with any customer and/or end user or other third party . 
 term and termination 
 this agreement shall become effective on the effective date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year 
 ( " initial term " ) . thereafter , this agreement shall automatically be renew for successive 1 - year term ( each a 
 " renewal term " , and together with the initial term , the " term " ) . follow the initial term , either party may 
 terminate this agreement without cause upon write notice to the other party of at least 3 month . 
 without derogate from any other remedy that any party may have under the term of this agreement or at law , each 
 party shall have the right to terminate this agreement forthwith upon the occurrence of any of the follow : ( i ) the 
 other party be in material breach of its obligation hereunder and fail to remedy such breach within 30 day after be 
 request in writing to do so; or ( ii ) the other party ’s bankruptcy , insolvency , liquidation , whether voluntarily or 
 otherwise , or if it make an assignment for the benefit of creditor . 
 upon any termination of this agreement : ( i ) all right grant by supplier to reseller under the agreement revert to 
 supplier; ( ii ) reseller shall transfer to supplier all datum , report and any other information generate by reseller in the 
 course of performance of this agreement; and ( iii ) any payment obligation which have accrue or become payable prior 
 to the date of termination ( include the payment obligation under section 4.2 ) shall survive termination of this 
 agreement . 
 upon termination of this agreement , the provision in section 1 , 6.5 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12.3 , 12.4 , 13 ( but solely to the 
 extent state in the last sentence of that section ) , and 14 shall remain in effect as necessary to carry out the purpose of 
 those section after termination . in addition to the foregoing , if , at the time of termination of this agreement , reseller 
 shall have additional product unit in its inventory and be able to sell they to customer and/or end user ( include , 
 without limitation , any product unit for which reseller have or be obligate to pay the supplier the purchase price 
 therefor but which have not yet be deliver to the reseller by supplier , which supplier hereby agree to either 
 deliver as otherwise contemplate by this agreement as if it have not terminate or to refund the purchase price 
 therefor ) , then the license and appointment describe in section 2 shall remain in effect with respect to such unsold 
 product unit ( and such section 2 shall not terminate ) until the early of ( i ) the date on which the last product in 
 reseller ’s inventory be sell to a customer and/or end user , or ( ii ) 1 year from the date of the termination of this 
 agreement . 
 . 
 general 
 supplier and/or reseller may assign or novate this agreement and the right and obligation under it to any of its 
 affiliate or upon any merger or acquisition or the sale of all or substantially all of its asset relate to the agreement . 
 any purport assignment of right in violation of this subsection be void . 
 the relationship between the party be that of supplier and purchaser . reseller be an independent contractor and be not 
 the legal representative , agent , joint venture , partner , or employee of supplier . reseller may describe itself as supplier ’s 
 ' authorized distributor ' , but may not hold itself out as the supplier ’s agent . reseller have no authority to assume or 
 create any obligation of any kind or to make any representation or warranty , whether express or imply , on behalf 
 of the supplier , nor to bind the supplier in any respect . 
 9 . 
 10 . 
 10.1 . 
 10.2 . 
 11 . 
 12 . 
 12.1 . 
 12.2 . 
 12.3 . 
 12.4 . 
 13 . 
 14 . 
 14.1 . 
 14.2 . 
 source : healthcare integrated technologies inc . , 8 - k , 8/12/2019 
 except as to the timely payment by reseller for the product purchase under this agreement , no failure or omission 
 to carry out or observe any provision of this agreement shall give rise to any claim by one party against the other , or 
 be a breach of this agreement , if the same be cause by or arise out of circumstance beyond the reasonable control of 
 the other party , include technical difficulty beyond such party ’s reasonable control that delay or prevent 
 manufacture ( " force majeure " ) . however , the party shall endeavor to avoid , remove , or cure all such condition as 
 soon as be reasonably feasible . if either party be prevent or hinder from carry out its obligation under this 
 agreement due to a force majeure , this agreement shall be suspend as long as the force majeure persist . if such 
 period exceed 1 month , either party may terminate this agreement on give write notice to the other . 
 no failure or delay on the part of either party to exercise any right or remedy under this agreement shall be construe 
 or operate as a waiver thereof , nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy preclude the further 
 exercise of such right or remedy . 
 if any provision or part of any provision of this agreement be find to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason , the 
 other provision of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect as if the agreement have be execute without 
 that provision or part . 
 all notice or other communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be give in person , by courier or by 
 register mail ( provide that write confirmation of receipt be provide ) address as set forth in the heading of this 
 agreement or such other address as any party may designate to the other in accordance with this procedure . all 
 communication deliver in person or by courier service shall be deem to have be receive upon delivery , shall be 
 deem to have be receive on the business day follow transmission with confirm answer back , and all notice 
 and other communication send by register mail shall be deem to have be receive within 3 business day after 
 post . 
 this agreement shall be govern by the law of the state of new york and all dispute and controversy arise out 
 of or in connection with the agreement shall be bring exclusively before the competent court in new york county , 
 new york; provide however that judgment shall be enforceable in any country and that nothing in this section shall 
 prevent or restrict either party from seek interim relief in any competent jurisdiction as it may deem fit . 
 this agreement constitute the entire agreement between the supplier and the reseller . all previous or 
 contemporaneous agreement , proposal , understanding , and communication between the supplier and the reseller 
 be replace in their entirety by this agreement . in enter into this agreement , neither party have rely on any 
 warranty , representation , or other matter other than as set out in this agreement . all condition , warranty , or 
 other term imply by statute or common law be exclude to the full extent permit by law . this agreement may 
 be amend only by a write instrument execute by authorize representative of the party . 
 each of reseller and supplier will , respectively , ensure that it and its employee , agent or affiliate , or by any 
 independent contractor on its behalf or for its benefit , shall comply with the united states ' foreign corrupt practice 
 act of 1977 , as amend ( 15 u.s.c . § § 78dd-1 et seq . ) and any analogous anti - bribery and anti - corruption law , rule , 
 regulation that may apply to any of the transaction contemplate under this agreement , include but not limit to in 
 connection with the sale , resale , import , export , transportation , or shipment of the product . neither party to this 
 agreement will make any payment , directly or indirectly , of money or other asset , include but not limit to 
 compensation derive from this agreement or any order place under it , to government or political party official , 
 official of international organization , candidate for public office , or representative of other business or person 
 act on behalf of any of the foregoing , that would constitute a violation of any law , rule , or regulation . 
 in witness whereof , the party have execute this agreement as of the effective date . 
 vayyar imaging ltd . 
 indelive holding , inc . 
 by : /s/ raviv melame 
 by : /s/ robert forrest 
 chief executive officer 
 chief executive officer 
 14.3 . 
 14.4 . 
 14.5 . 
 14.6 . 
 14.7 . 
 14.8 . 
 14.9 . 
 source : healthcare integrated technologies inc . , 8 - k , 8/12/2019 
 schedule 1 
 territory , product , price , order address , notice 
 territory 
 usa 
 product 
 walabot home hardware device 
 price 
  per product unit + for shipment and tax ( subject 
 to any tax change ) 
 moq 
  unit 
 address to which order should be send 
 supplier ’s order email address : logisticswalabot.com 
 address for notice to the supplier 
 vayyar ltd . 
 3 avraham giron st . , pob . 325 , 
 yehud 5621717 , 
 israel 
 address for notice to reseller 
 inde living holding , inc 
 1462 rudder lane 
 knoxville , tn 37919 
 vayyar wire transfer detail 

 payment term 

 source : healthcare integrated technologies inc . , 8 - k , 8/12/2019