exhibit   10.1 

 reseller   agreement 

 this   reseller   agreement   ( this   " agreement " )   be   make   and   enter   into   effect   the   7th   day   of   april ,   2017   ( " effective 
 date " ) ,   by   and   between   i3   integrative   creative   solution ,   llc   ( " i3   ic " ) ,   a   virginia   limit   liability   company ,   have   its   office   at 
 6564   loisdale   court   suite   1010b ,   springfield ,   va   22150   ( " reseller " )   and   the   company   set   forth   below   ( " company " )   ( each , 
 individually ,   a   " party "   and   collectively ,   " party " ): 

 company :   bravatek   solution ,   inc .   ( bvtk ) 
 telephone :   1 - 866 - 490 - 8590 
 address:2028   e.   ben   white   blvd . ,   suite   240 - 2835 
 fax :   n / a 
 austin ,   texas   78741 
 e - mail :   tom.celluccibravatek.com 
 territory :   we   federal   government   civilian   and   military 
 agency / customer   in   the   u.s . 
 agreement   term :   1   year 
 company   product :   cybersecurity   email   software / telecom 
 service 
 other   term   ( not   applicable   if   blank ): 
 pricing :   reseller   will   obtain   pricing   quote   from   company   for 
 each   opportunity . 
 contract   be   renewable   for   1   year   extension   by   amendment   to 
 this   agreement .   either   party   may   terminate   this   agreement   for 
 non - cause   with   a   sixty   ( 60 )   write   notice . 

 the   party   agree   as   follow : 

 1 .   definition . 

 a.   " company "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   the   preamble . 

 b.   " company   product "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   the   preamble . 

 c.   " effective   date "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   the   preamble . 

 d.   " mark "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   section   7 . 

 e.   " net   revenue "   shall   mean   gross   receipt   collect   by   company   or   reseller   from   the   distribution   of   company 
 product ,   [ less   third   party   commission ,   equipment   sale ,   delivery   cost ,   taxis ,   refund ,   and   credit . 

 f.   " proprietary   information "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   section   11 . 

 g.   " register   referral "   shall   mean   a   name   account   ( i )   for   which   " reseller "   identifie   &   create   the   opportunity , 
 provide   sale   assistance   ( as   define   below ) ,   and   ( ii )   which   lead   to   a   direct   sale   with   the   " company " .   register   referral   may 
 fall   into   two   category :   sale   execute   by   the   " company " ,   and   via   a   third   party ’s   prime   contract . 

 h.   " sale   assistance "   shall   mean   ( i )   introduction   to   and   scheduling   meeting   with   key   executive   at   the   name 
 account   ( e.g. ,   cxo ,   vice   president   of   infrastructure   and   vice   president   of   application   development ) ,   and   ( ii )   generating   and 
 deliver   proposal   and   provide   other   marketing   and   sale   support   necessary   to   close   the   opportunity   and   obtain   an   order 
 from   the   name   account . 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017 

 i.   " register   opportunity "   shall   mean   a   name   account   ( i )   for   which   " reseller "   identifie   &   create   the   opportunity , 
 and   ( ii )   the   " reseller "   purchase   directly   from   the   " company "   at   a   discount   and   sell   to   the   customer . 

 j.   " fulfillment   transaction "   shall   mean   a   sale   through   the   reseller ’s   contract   vehicle   to   a   federal   agency   entity   that   be 
 not   a   register   referral   or   register   opportunity 

 k.   " referral   fee "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   exhibit   b. 

 l.   " reseller "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   the   preamble . 

 m.   " territory "   shall   have   the   meaning   assign   in   the   preamble . 

 2 .   general   scope .   company   develop   or   provide   company   product   and   desire   that   reseller   promote   and   solicit   commitment 
 to   buy   company   product   in   the   territory . 

 3 .   reseller   activity .   reseller   shall   have   the   right   to   solicit   order   for   company   product   within   the   territory .   in   its   activity   under 
 this   agreement ,   reseller   shall   use   the   then - current   name   for   the   company   product   and   any   sale   or   marketing   documentation 
 or   form   provide   by   company . 

 4 .   company   obligation .   company   shall   provide   reseller   with   the   support   describe   in   exhibit   b.   company   shall   comply   with 
 good   business   practice   and   all   applicable   law   and   regulation .   during   the   term   of   this   agreement ,   company   shall   notify   reseller 
 of   any   change ,   modification   or   the   discontinuation   of   any   of   the   company   product   within   thirty   ( 30 )   day .   company   shall 
 make   reasonable   accommodation   for   any   ongoing   sale   or   exist   sale . 

 5 .   exclusivity   on   register   referral   and   opportunity .   during   the   term   hereof   and   for   a   period   of   six   ( 6 )   month   follow   the 
 termination   of   this   agreement   or   the   discontinuation   of   any   of   the   company   product ,   ( i )   the   reseller   shall   have   the   exclusive 
 right   to   commission   for   any   register   referral ,   ( ii )   the   company   shall   not   market ,   promote ,   sell ,   or   distribute   company   product 
 or   solicit   or   procure   order   for   the   company   product ,   or   for   any   product(s )   or   service(s )   similar   to   the   company   product ,   in   the 
 territory   other   than   through   the   reseller   and   pursuant   to   this   agreement ,   except   with   the   prior   write   consent   of   the   reseller , 
 and   ( iii )   without   limitation   to   the   foregoing ,   the   company   shall   not ,   directly   or   through   other   party   ( whether   agent , 
 representative ,   intermediary ,   reseller   or   other   party ) ,   market ,   promote ,   sell ,   distribute ,   solicit   or   procure   order   to   any   exist 
 or   prospective   customer   of   the   reseller . 

 6 .   compensation .   in   the   event   that   reseller   ( i )   refer   a   register   referral   to   company ,   through   delivery   to   company   of   the   lead 
 form   attach   hereto   as   exhibit   a ,   and   ( ii )   such   register   referral   execute   an   agreement   to   purchase   any   of   such   company 
 product   or   service ,   then   company   shall   pay   reseller   a   referral   fee ,   as   specify   in   exhibit   b   attach   hereto .   referral   fee   will 
 be   pay   within   thirty   ( 30 )   day   of   the   collection   of   receivables   from   the   register   referral .   in   the   event   an   opportunity   be 
 request   and   the   government   elect   to   use   a   different   contract   vehicle   as   describe   in   1 g ,   reseller   will   still   receive   referral   fee 
 outline   in   exhibit   b. 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017 

 7 .   trademark ,   trade   name   and   other   designation .   subject   to   the   term   of   this   agreement ,   company   grant   reseller   the   right 
 to   use   and   display   the   company   trademark ,   tradename   and   other   designation   of   source ,   and   proprietary   notice ,   slogan , 
 design   and   distinct   advertising   as   may   appear   on   any   documentation   or   other   material   with   respect   to   product   ( " mark " )   with 
 prior   approval ,   that   will   not   be   unreasonable   withhold . 

 8 .   warranty   disclaimer .   reseller   shall   make   no   representation ,   guarantee ,   or   warranty   concern   the 
 company   product   except   as   expressly   authorize   in   advance   by   company   in   writing .   to   the   extent 
 the   reseller   have   comply   with   the   obligation   set   forth   in   this   section ,   the   company   shall 
 indemnify   and   hold   harmless   the   reseller   for   any   and   all   loss   suffer   by   the   reseller   or   its 
 affiliate   ( whether   directly   or   in   connection   with   a   claim   by   a   third   party )   as   a   result   of   or   in 
 connection   with   the   company   product .   additionally ,   the   reseller   shall   indemnify   and   hold 
 harmless   the   company   for   any   and   all   loss   suffer   by   the   company   or   its   affiliate   ( whether 
 directly   or   in   connection   with   a   claim   by   a   third   party )   as   a   result   of   or   in   connection   with   the 
 reseller ’s   activity . 

 9 .   relationship   of   party .   the   party   hereto   expressly   understand   and   agree   that   each   party   be   an   independent   contractor   in   the 
 performance   of   each   and   every   part   of   this   agreement . 

 10 .   termination . 

 a.   unless   terminate   early   as   provide   herein ,   this   agreement   shall   have   the   term   set   forth   above   ( which   commence 
 on   the   effective   date ) . 

 b.   this   agreement   may   be   terminate   by   reseller   for   cause   immediately   upon   the   occurrence   of   any   of   the   follow 
 event :   ( i )   if   the   use   or   sale   of   company   product   be   enjoin   due   to   any   claim   of   infringement   of   any   u.s .   patent   or   copyright   or 
 of   any   misappropriation   of   trade   secrets;   ( ii )   if   company   cease   to   do   business ,   or   otherwise   terminate   its   business   operations; 
 or   ( iii )   if   company   breach   any   provision   of   this   agreement   and   fail   to   fully   cure   such   breach   within   fifteen   ( 15 )   business   day 
 of   write   notice   from   reseller   describe   the   breach . 

 c.   this   agreement   may   be   terminate   by   company   for   cause   immediately   upon   the   occurrence   of   any   of   the   follow 
 event :   ( i )   if   reseller   cease   to   do   business ,   or   otherwise   terminate   its   business   operations;   or   ( ii )   if   reseller   breach   any 
 provision   of   this   agreement   and   fail   to   fully   cure   such   breach   within   fifteen   ( 15 )   business   day   of   write   notice   from   company 
 describe   the   breach . 

 d.   neither   party   shall   incur   any   liability   whatsoever   for   any   damage ,   loss   or   expense   of   any   kind   suffer   or   incur   by 
 the   other   party   arise   from   or   incident   to   any   termination   of   this   agreement ,   which   comply   with   the   term   of   the   agreement , 
 whether   or   not   the   terminate   party   be   aware   of   any   such   damage ,   loss   or   expense . 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017 

 e.   upon   termination   or   expiration   of   this   agreement ,   other   than   with   respect   to   customer   of   the   reseller   exist   at   any 
 time   prior   to   the   termination   or   expiration   and   with   respect   to   ongoing   sale   or   prospective   sale ,   reseller   ( i )   shall   immediately 
 discontinue   any   use   of   the   name ,   logotype ,   mark   or   slogan   of   company ,   ( ii )   shall   immediately   discontinue   all   representation   or 
 statement   from   which   it   might   be   infer   that   any   relationship   exist   between   the   party ,   ( iii )   will   cease   to   promote ,   solicit 
 order   for   or   procure   order   for   the   product ,   ( iv )   will   immediately   return   to   company   all   proprietary   information   ( as   define   below ) 
 and   any   other   information   or   material   of   company   in   its   possession ,   custody   or   control   in   whatever   form   hold   ( include   copy 
 or   embodiment   thereof   relate   thereto ) .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   the   right   to   payment   accrue   prior   to   the   termination 
 or   expiration   shall   survive   termination   or   expiration   of   this   agreement . 

 11 .   proprietary   right .   each   party   acknowledge   that ,   in   the   course   of   perform   its   duty   under   this   agreement ,   it   may   obtain 
 from   the   other   party ,   certain   business ,   technical   or   financial   information ,   all   of   which   be   confidential   and   proprietary   ( " proprietary 
 information " ) .   the   party   shall ,   at   all   time ,   both   during   the   term   of   this   agreement   and   after   its   termination ,   keep   in   trust   and 
 confidence   all   such   proprietary   information   of   the   other   party ,   and   shall   not   use   such   proprietary   information   other   than   in   the 
 course   of   its   duty   as   expressly   provide   in   this   agreement;   nor   shall   a   party   or   its   employee   disclose   any   such   proprietary 
 information   of   the   other   to   any   person   without   such   other   party ’s   prior   write   consent .   neither   party   shall   be   bind   by   this 
 section   with   respect   to   information   it   can   document   have   enter   or   later   enter   the   public   domain   as   a   result   of   no   act   or   omission 
 of   the   receive   party ,   or   be   lawfully   receive   by   such   party   from   third   party   without   restriction   and   without   breach   of   any   duty 
 of   nondisclosure   by   any   such   third   party . 

 12 .   liability   limitation .   except   for   in   the   event   of   willful   misconduct   or   gross   negligence ,   the   reseller 
 and   its   affiliate   shall   not   be   liable   to   the   company ,   and   shall   have   no   obligation   to   indemnify   or 
 hold   harmless   the   company ,   with   respect   to   or   in   connection   with   any   loss   result   from   or 
 cause   by   the   company   product . 

 13 .    indemnification .   company   shall   indemnify ,   defend   and   hold   reseller   and   its   officer ,   director ,   employee ,   shareholder , 
 agent ,   successor   and   assign ,   harmless   from   and   against   any   claim ,   demand   lawsuit ,   cause   of   action   or   loss   of   any   nature 
 whatsoever ,   include   reasonable   attorney '   fee ,   suffer   or   incur   by   reseller   or   any   of   they ,   arise   out   of ,   ( i )   any   claim   that 
 the   company   product   infringe   any   u.s .   patent   or   copyright   or   that   the   company   product   incorporate   any   misappropriate 
 trade   secret   or   ( ii )   any   claim   for   injury   or   other   loss   to   any   person   arise   from   the   use   of   company   product .   additionally , 
 reseller   shall   indemnify ,   defend   and   hold   company   and   its   officer ,   director ,   employee ,   shareholder ,   agent ,   successor   and 
 assign ,   harmless   from   and   against   any   claim ,   demand   lawsuit ,   cause   of   action   or   loss   of   any   nature   whatsoever ,   include 
 reasonable   attorney '   fee ,   suffer   or   incur   by   company   or   any   of   they ,   arise   out   of ,   ( i )   any   claim   that   the   reseller ’s 
 activity   infringe   any   u.s .   business   law   or   that   the   reseller ’s   activity   violate   any   u.s .   government   process ,   procedure   or 
 requirement   or   ( ii )   any   claim   for   injury   or   other   loss   to   any   person   arise   from   the   use   of   reseller ’s   activity . 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017 

 14 .   miscellaneous .   if   any   provision   of   this   agreement   be   hold   to   be   illegal   or   unenforceable ,   that   provision   shall   be   limit   or 
 eliminate   to   the   minimum   extent   necessary   so   that   this   agreement   shall   otherwise   remain   in   full   force   and   effect   and   enforceable . 
 except   as   otherwise   expressly   provide   herein ,   any   provision   of   this   agreement   may   be   amend   or   waive   only   with   the   write 
 consent   of   both   party .   this   agreement   may   be   execute   in   separate   counterpart ,   each   of   which   so   execute   and   deliver 
 ( include   by   email   pdf )   shall   constitute   an   original ,   but   all   such   counterpart   shall   together   constitute   one   and   the   same 
 instrument .   this   agreement   shall   be   govern   by   and   construe   under   the   law   of   the   commonwealth   of   virginia   without   regard 
 to   the   conflict   of   law   provision   thereof .   this   agreement   supersede   all   prior   agreement   or   discussion   between   the   party 
 with   respect   to   the   subject   matter   hereof . 

 reseller 

 bravatek   solution ,   inc . 

 i3   ic ,   llc 

 by : 
 /s/   philip   a.   oakley 

 by : 
 /s/   thomas   a.   cellucci 

 name : philip   a.   oakley 

 name : thomas   a.   cellucci 

 title : president 

 title : chairman   &   ceo 

 date : april   17 ,   2017 

 date : april   17 ,   2017 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017 

 exhibit   a 

 lead   form 

 customer   info : 

 date : 

 company   product : 

 purchase   price   ( in   u.s .   dollar ): 

 total   license   fee : 

 term : 

 evaluation   term :   [ yes   or   no ] 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017 

 exhibit   b 

 reseller   compensation 

 earn   commission : 

 reseller   will   be   compensate   for   register   referral   and   register   opportunity   ( as   define   in   section   1 g ,   1i . )   base   on   the 
 follow   schedule : 

 register   referral : 

 · 
 25   of   net   revenue   ( as   define   in   section   1e . )   with   a   company - reseller   agree   upon   sale   price   in   writing , 
 the   case   of   company ’s   software   product .   the   company ’s   telecom   service   will   be   agree   upon   on   a   case - by - case 
 basis   in   writing . 

 register   opportunity : 

 · 
 " reseller "   will   purchase   directly   from   the   " company "   at   a   25   discount   off   the   company - reseller   agree   upon 
 sale   price . 

 · 
 if   sale   be   make   through   sewp ,   there   will   be   an   additional   4   discount   off   the   sale   price   to   cover   the   prime   contract 
 usage   fee   ( typically   7 - 10 )   off   the   company - resellar   agree   upon   sale   price . 

 fulfillment   transaction   discount   ( as   define   in   section   1j ): 

 · 
 " reseller "   will   purchase   directly   from   the   " company "   at   a   7 - 10   discount   off   the   sale   price . 

 payment   term : 

 for   a   register   referral   where   the   customer   purchase   directly   from   company   or   another   channel / contract   vehicle   other   than 
 reseller ,   earn   commission   be   payable   within   thirty   ( 30)day   of   when   such   amount   be   collect   by   company . 

 for   a   register   opportunity   where   the   customer   purchase   from   reseller ,   payment   will   be   make   by   reseller   to   company   within   5 
 day   of   receipt   of   payment   ( pay   when   pay ) . 

 expense   reimbursement :   reimbursement   will   be   provide   only   for   expense   pre - approve   in   writing   by   company . 

 marketing   expense :   as   may   be   agree   to   by   the   party   in   writing . 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017 

 company   support   obligation 

 product   training :   training   on   the   company   product   as   need . 

 marketing   material :   electronic   and   print   copy   of   exist   marketing   material   as   need . 

 company   personnel   resource : 

 · 
 access   to   technical   resource   for   demonstration   and   meeting 

 · 
 access   to   company   customer   support   service 

 source : bravatek solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/18/2017