exhibit 10.4 
 form of transfer and servicing agreement 
 among 
 verizon owner trust 2020 - a , 
 as issuer , 
 verizon ab llc , 
 as depositor 
 and 
 cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless , 
 as servicer , market agent and custodian 
 date as of january 29 , 2020 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 table of content 
 article I usage and definition 

 section 1.1 
 usage and definition 

 article ii transfer and acquisition of depositor transfer property; representation and 
 warranty 
 section 2.1 
 transfer of depositor transfer property 

 section 2.2 
 acknowledgement of further assignment 

 section 2.3 
 saving clause 

 section 2.4 
 representation and warranty about depositor transfer property . 

 section 2.5 
 originator ’ reacquisition and servicer ’s acquisition of receivables for breach of 
 representation 

 section 2.6 
 originator ’ reacquisition or servicer ’s acquisition of bankruptcy surrender receivables 

 article iii servicing of receivables 

 section 3.1 
 engagement 

 section 3.2 
 servicing of receivables . 

 section 3.3 
 servicer ’s acquisition of receivables 

 section 3.4 
 sale of write - off receivables 

 section 3.5 
 servicer report and compliance statement 

 section 3.6 
 review of servicer ’s record 

 section 3.7 
 servicer ’ authorize and responsible person 

 section 3.8 
 servicer ’s fee 

 section 3.9 
 servicer ’s expense 

 section 3.10 
 custodian . 

 section 3.11 
 marketing agent 

 section 3.12 
 termination of upgrade programs; credit relate to upgrade program 

 section 3.13 
 notice to obligor 

 article iv account , collection and application of fund 

 section 4.1 
 bank account 

 section 4.2 
 investment of fund in bank account 

 section 4.3 
 deposit and payment 

 section 4.4 
 reserve account; negative carry account; acquisition account 

 section 4.5 
 direction to indenture trustee for distribution 

 article v depositor 

 section 5.1 
 depositor ’s representation and warranty 

 section 5.2 
 liability of depositor 

 section 5.3 
 merger , consolidation , succession or assignment 

 section 5.4 
 depositor may own note 

 section 5.5 
 depositor ’s authorize and responsible person 

 section 5.6 
 company existence 

 section 5.7 
 no division 

 article vi servicer and marketing agent 

 section 6.1 
 servicer ’s and market agent ’s representation and warranty 

 section 6.2 
 liability of servicer and marketing agent 

 section 6.3 
 indemnity of servicer and the marketing agent 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 section 6.4 
 delegation and contracting 

 section 6.5 
 servicer may own note 

 section 6.6 
 annual statement as to compliance 

 section 6.7 
 assessment of compliance and accountant ' attestation 

 article vii servicer resignation and termination; successor servicer 

 section 7.1 
 no resignation 

 section 7.2 
 servicer termination event 

 section 7.3 
 continue to perform 

 section 7.4 
 successor servicer 

 section 7.5 
 transition of servicing 

 section 7.6 
 merger , consolidation , succession or assignment 

 article viii termination 

 section 8.1 
 optional acquisition of receivables; clean - up redemption of note 

 section 8.2 
 optional redemption of note 

 section 8.3 
 termination 

 article ix other agreement 

 section 9.1 
 financing statement 

 section 9.2 
 no transfer or lien by depositor 

 section 9.3 
 expense 

 section 9.4 
 receivables information 

 section 9.5 
 no petition 

 section 9.6 
 limited recourse 

 section 9.7 
 limitation of liability 

 section 9.8 
 tax treatment of note 

 section 9.9 
 regulation rr risk retention 

 section 9.10 
 cap collateral account 

 article x miscellaneous 

 section 10.1 
 amendment 

 section 10.2 
 assignment; benefit of agreement; third - party beneficiary 

 section 10.3 
 notice 

 section 10.4 
 agent for service 

 section 10.5 
 govern law 

 section 10.6 
 submission to jurisdiction 

 section 10.7 
 waiver of jury trial 

 section 10.8 
 no waiver; remedy 

 section 10.9 
 severability 

 section 10.10 
 heading 

 section 10.11 
 counterpart 

 section 10.12 
 limitation of right of the cap counterparty 

 section 10.13 
 intent of the parties; reasonableness 

 article xi asset representation review; dispute resolution 

 section 11.1 
 asset representation review 

 section 11.2 
 dispute resolution 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 schedule a 
 schedule of initial receivables 
 sa-1 
 schedule b 
 notice address 
 sb-1 
 appendix a 
 usage and definition 
 aa-1 
 exhibit a 
 custodian ’s security requirement 
 ea-1 
 exhibit b 
 form of annual certification 
 eb-1 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 transfer and servicing agreement , date as of january 29 , 2020 ( this " agreement " ) , among verizon owner trust 2020 - a , 
 a delaware statutory trust , as issuer ( the " issuer " ) , verizon ab llc , a delaware limit liability company , as depositor ( the " depositor " ) , and 
 cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless , a delaware general partnership ( " cellco " ) , as servicer ( in such capacity , the " servicer " ) , as marketing 
 agent ( in such capacity , the " marketing agent " ) and as custodian ( in such capacity , the " custodian " ) . 
 background 
 in the normal course of their business , cellco and the other originator originate device payment plan agreement for various wireless 
 device . in addition , the master trust hold certain device payment plan agreement originate by cellco and certain other originator . 
 in connection with a securitization transaction sponsor by cellco in which the issuer will issue note secure by a pool of receivables 
 consist of device payment plan agreement , certain of the originator and/or the master trust have transfer a pool of receivables and 
 related property , and any of the originator and/or the master trust may from time to time transfer additional pool of receivables and related 
 property to the depositor , who will transfer they to the issuer . the issuer will engage the servicer to service the receivables . 
 the party agree as follow : 
 article I 
 usage and definition 
 section 1.1 usage and definition . capitalize term use but not define in this agreement be define in appendix a. appendix a also 
 contain usage rule that apply to this agreement . appendix a be incorporate by reference into this agreement . 
 article ii 
 transfer and acquisition of depositor transfer property; 
 representation and warranty 
 section 2.1 transfer of depositor transfer property . 
 ( a ) transfer and absolute assignment of initial receivables . in consideration of the issuer ’s delivery to the depositor of the note , the 
 class a certificate and the class b certificate , effective on the closing date , the depositor transfer and absolutely assign to the issuer , without 
 recourse ( other than the depositor ’s obligation under this agreement ) , all of the depositor ’s right , title and interest , whether now own or later 
 acquire , in the initial receivables and the other relate depositor transfer property . the depositor certifie that the credit enhancement test 
 and the pool composition test be satisfied for the transfer and assignment of the initial receivables and the other relate depositor transfer 
 property on the closing date . 
 ( b ) transfer and absolute assignment of additional receivables . subject to the satisfaction of the condition in section 2.1(d ) , 
 effective on each acquisition date , in consideration of the issuer ’s distribution to the depositor of the ( i ) additional receivables cash 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 transfer amount for the additional receivables to be transfer to the issuer on that acquisition date and ( ii ) an increase in the class b 
 certificate principal balance in an amount equal to the excess , if any , of the additional receivables transfer amount over the additional 
 receivables cash transfer amount for such additional receivables , the depositor will transfer and absolutely assign to the issuer , without 
 recourse ( other than the depositor ’s obligation under this agreement ) , all of the depositor ’s right , title and interest , whether then own or later 
 acquire , in the additional receivables and the other relate depositor transfer property . 
 ( c ) no assumption of obligation . these transfer and absolute assignment do not , and be not intend to , include any obligation of 
 the depositor or any originator to the obligor or any other person relate to the receivables and the other depositor transfer property , and 
 the issuer do not assume any of these obligation . 
 ( d ) condition for transfer of additional receivables . the transfer and assignment of the additional receivables and the other related 
 depositor transfer property on each acquisition date will be subject to the satisfaction of the following condition on or before such 
 acquisition date : 
 ( i ) transfer notice . at least two ( 2 ) business day before the applicable acquisition date , the administrator shall deliver to the 
 issuer and the indenture trustee a transfer notice for the additional receivables to be transfer and absolutely assign on that 
 acquisition date , which will specify the additional receivables transfer amount and attach or include therewith the schedule of 
 receivables; 
 ( ii ) satisfaction of test . after give effect to the transfer and assignment of the additional receivables by the depositor to the 
 issuer , ( a ) the credit enhancement test be satisfied and ( b ) the receivables , in the aggregate , own by the issuer , exclude any 
 temporarily exclude receivables , satisfy each of the pool composition test under section 3.5(b); and 
 ( iii ) depositor ’s certification . the depositor certifie that : 
 ( a ) 
 as of such acquisition date , ( 1 ) the depositor be solvent and will not become insolvent as a result of the 
 transfer and assignment of the additional receivables on the acquisition date , ( 2 ) the depositor do not 
 intend to incur or believe that it would incur debt that would be beyond the depositor ’s ability to pay as they 
 mature and ( 3 ) the transfer and assignment of the additional receivables be not make by the depositor with 
 actual intent to hinder , delay or defraud any person; 
 ( b ) 
 each of the representation and warranty make by the depositor under section 2.4(a ) and 2.4(b ) , in each 
 case , solely with respect to the related additional receivables , will be true and correct as of the acquisition 
 date; and 
 ( c ) 
 all condition to the transfer and assignment of the related additional receivables by the originator to the 
 depositor under 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 section 2.1(d ) of the originator receivables transfer agreement and by the master trust to the depositor 
 under section 2.1(d ) of the master trust receivables transfer agreement , as applicable , have be satisfy . 
 the delivery by the administrator , on behalf of the depositor , of the transfer notice will be consider a certification by the depositor 
 that the condition set forth in this section 2.1(d ) have be satisfied or will be satisfied on the acquisition date . 
 section 2.2 acknowledgement of further assignment . the depositor acknowledge that , under the indenture , the issuer will assign and 
 pledge the depositor transfer property and related property and right to the indenture trustee for the benefit of the secured party . 
 section 2.3 saving clause . the depositor and the issuer intend that each transfer and assignment under this agreement be an absolute 
 transfer and assignment of the depositor transfer property , convey good title to the depositor transfer property free and clear of any 
 lien , other than permit lien , from the depositor to the issuer . the depositor and the issuer intend that the depositor transfer property not 
 be a part of the depositor ’s estate if there be a bankruptcy or insolvency of the depositor . if , despite the intent of the depositor and the issuer , a 
 transfer and assignment of depositor transfer property under this agreement be determined to be a pledge for a financing or be determine not 
 to be an absolute transfer and assignment , the depositor grant to the issuer a security interest in the depositor ’s right , title and interest in the 
 depositor transfer property to secure a loan in an amount equal to all amount payable by the depositor under this agreement , all amount 
 payable as principal of or interest on the note , all amount payable as servicing fee under this agreement and all other amount payable by the 
 issuer under the transaction document . in that case , this agreement will be a security agreement under law and the issuer will have the right 
 and remedy of a secured party and creditor under the ucc . 
 section 2.4 representation and warranty about depositor transfer property . 
 ( a ) representation and warranty about pool of receivables . the depositor make the follow representation and warranty about 
 the pool of receivables on which the issuer be rely in acquire the depositor transfer property . the representation and warranty be make 
 as of the closing date ( for the initial receivables ) and as of each acquisition date ( for the related additional receivables ) and will survive the 
 transfer and absolute assignment of the depositor transfer property by the depositor to the issuer under this agreement and the pledge of the 
 depositor transfer property by the issuer to the indenture trustee under the indenture . 
 ( i ) valid transfer and assignment . this agreement evidence a valid transfer and absolute assignment of the depositor 
 transfer property from the depositor to the issuer , enforceable against creditor of , purchaser from and transferee and absolute 
 assignee of the depositor . 
 ( ii ) good title to depositor transfer property . immediately before the transfer and absolute assignment under this agreement , 
 the depositor have good title to 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 the depositor transfer property free and clear of any lien , other than permit lien , and , immediately after the transfer and absolute 
 assignment under this agreement , the issuer will have good title to the depositor transfer property , free and clear of any lien , other 
 than permit lien . 
 ( iii ) security interest in depositor transfer property . 
 ( a ) 
 this agreement create a valid and continue security interest ( as define in the applicable ucc ) in the 
 depositor transfer property in favor of the issuer , which be prior to any lien , other than permit lien , and 
 be enforceable against all creditor of , purchaser from and transferee and absolute assignee of the depositor . 
 ( b ) 
 all filing ( include ucc filing ) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the depositor a first priority , validly 
 perfect ownership and security interest in the originator transfer property and the master trust 
 transfer property , to give the issuer a first priority , validly perfect ownership and security interest in the 
 depositor transfer property and to give the indenture trustee a first priority perfect security interest in 
 the collateral , will be make within ten ( 10 ) day after the closing date or the related acquisition date , as 
 applicable . 
 ( c ) 
 all financing statement file or to be file against the depositor in favor of the issuer describe the 
 depositor transfer property transfer under this agreement will contain a statement to the follow 
 effect : " a purchase , absolute assignment or transfer of or security interest in any collateral describe in this 
 financing statement will violate the right of the secured party / assignee . " 
 ( d ) 
 the depositor have not authorize the filing of and be not aware of any financing statement against the 
 depositor that include a description of collateral cover any depositor transfer property other than the 
 financing statement relate to the security interest grant to the depositor under the receivables transfer 
 agreement , by the depositor to the issuer under this agreement or by the issuer to the indenture trustee 
 under the indenture , or that have be terminate . 
 ( b ) representation and warranty about security interest . if the transfer and absolute assignment of the depositor transfer property 
 under this agreement be determined to be a pledge relate to a financing or be determine not to be a transfer and absolute assignment , the 
 depositor make the follow representation and warranty on which the issuer be rely in acquire the depositor transfer property , which 
 representation and warranty be make as of the closing date or as of the related acquisition date , as applicable , 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 will survive termination of this agreement and may not be waive by the issuer or the indenture trustee : 
 ( i ) valid security interest . this agreement create a valid and continue security interest ( as define in the applicable ucc ) in 
 the depositor transfer property in favor of the issuer , which be prior to all other lien , other than permit lien , and be enforceable 
 against creditor of , purchaser from and transferee and absolute assignee of the depositor . 
 ( ii ) type . each receivable be ( a ) if the receivable be not secure by the related device , an " account " or " payment intangible , " or 
 ( b ) if the receivable be secure by the related device , " chattel paper , " in each case , within the meaning of the applicable ucc . 
 ( iii ) good title . immediately before the transfer and absolute assignment under this agreement , the depositor own and have good 
 title to the depositor transfer property free and clear of all lien , other than permit lien . the depositor have receive all consent 
 and approval require by the term of the depositor transfer property to grant to the issuer its right , title and interest in the depositor 
 transfer property , except to the extent the requirement for consent or approval be extinguish under the applicable ucc . 
 ( iv ) file financing statement . the depositor have cause , or will cause within ten ( 10 ) day after the closing date , the filing of 
 all appropriate financing statement in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdiction under applicable law to perfect the security 
 interest grant in the depositor transfer property to the issuer under this agreement . all finance statement file or to be file 
 against the depositor in favor of the issuer under this agreement describe the depositor transfer property will contain a statement 
 to the follow effect : " a purchase , absolute assignment or transfer of or grant of a security interest in any collateral describe in this 
 financing statement will violate the right of the secured party . " 
 ( v ) no other transfer , grant or financing statement . other than the security interest grant to the issuer under this agreement , 
 the depositor have not transfer or grant a security interest in any of the depositor transfer property . the depositor have not 
 authorize the filing of and be not aware of any financing statement against the depositor that include a description of collateral cover 
 any of the depositor transfer property , other than finance statement relate to the security interest grant to the issuer . the 
 depositor be not aware of any judgment or tax lien filing against it . 
 section 2.5 originator ’ reacquisition and servicer ’s acquisition of receivables for breach of representation . 
 ( a ) representation and warranty from receivables transfer agreement . each originator and the servicer , severally have make , as of the 
 closing date , and each originator or the servicer , as applicable , severally will make , as of each acquisition date , the eligibility 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 representation about the receivables transfer and absolutely assign by such originator or the master trust , respectively , on that date , and 
 have consent to the transfer by the depositor to the issuer of the depositor ’s right to such eligibility representation . the issuer be rely on 
 each applicable originator ’s or the servicer ’s eligibility representation in acquire the receivables , which eligibility representation will survive 
 the transfer and absolute assignment of the receivables by the depositor to the issuer under this agreement and the pledge of the receivables to 
 the indenture trustee under the indenture . 
 ( b ) reacquisition or acquisition . under section 2.1(a ) , the depositor have transfer and absolutely assign to the issuer the depositor ’s 
 right under the receivables transfer agreement , include the right to require ( i ) an originator to reacquire any receivables transfer and 
 absolutely assign by it under the originator receivables transfer agreement or ( ii ) the servicer to acquire any receivable transfer and 
 absolutely assign by the master trust under the master trust receivables transfer agreement , in each case , for which such party have make the 
 eligibility representation if , in each case , there be a breach of such eligibility representation , such breach be not cure and such breach result in a 
 material adverse effect on the issuer . if any originator or the servicer breach the eligibility representation make by it with respect to any 
 receivable transfer by such originator or the master trust , respectively , to the depositor , such breach be not cure and such breach have a 
 material adverse effect on the issuer , then the depositor will enforce such originator ’s or the servicer ’s obligation , as applicable , to reacquire or 
 acquire , respectively , any such receivable transfer and absolutely assign by it to the depositor for which the eligibility representation be 
 breach pursuant to section 3.4 of the applicable receivables transfer agreement . 
 ( c ) reacquisition or acquisition sole remedy . the sole remedy of the depositor , the issuer or the indenture trustee for a breach of any 
 eligibility representation be to require the related originator or the servicer , as applicable , to reacquire or acquire , respectively , the receivable under 
 section 3.4 of the applicable receivables transfer agreement . 
 section 2.6 originator ’ reacquisition or servicer ’s acquisition of bankruptcy surrender receivables . 
 ( a ) reacquisition or acquisition . under section 2.1(a ) , the depositor have transfer and absolutely assign to the issuer the depositor ’s 
 right under the receivables transfer agreement , include the right to require ( i ) an originator to reacquire any receivables transfer and 
 absolutely assign by it under the originator receivables transfer agreement or ( ii ) the servicer to acquire any receivable transfer and 
 absolutely assign by the master trust under the master trust receivables transfer agreement , in each case , when such receivable become a 
 bankruptcy surrender receivable . if any receivable become a bankruptcy surrender receivable , the depositor will enforce such originator ’s 
 or the servicer ’s obligation , as applicable , to reacquire or acquire , respectively , any such receivable transfer and absolutely assign by it to 
 the depositor pursuant to section 4.6 or 4.7 , respectively , of the applicable receivables transfer agreement . 
 ( b ) reacquisition or acquisition sole remedy . if a receivable become a bankruptcy surrender receivable , the sole remedy of the 
 depositor , the issuer or the indenture trustee be to require the related originator or the servicer , as applicable , to reacquire 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 or acquire , respectively , the bankruptcy surrender receivable under section 4.6 or 4.7 , respectively , of the applicable receivables transfer 
 agreement . 
 article iii 
 servicing of receivables 
 section 3.1 engagement . the issuer engage cellco as the servicer of the receivables for the issuer and the indenture trustee , and cellco 
 accept this engagement . 
 section 3.2 servicing of receivables . 
 ( a ) general servicing obligation . the servicer will manage , service , administer and collect on the receivables with reasonable care use 
 that degree of skill and attention that the servicer exercise for all comparable device payment plan agreement receivables that it service for itself 
 or other accord to the servicing procedure . without limit the generality of the foregoing , the servicer ’s obligation will include : 
 ( i ) collect and apply all payment make on , or credit apply to , the receivables and any other amount receive relate to 
 the depositor transfer property; 
 ( ii ) investigate delinquencies; 
 ( iii ) send invoice and notice and respond to inquiry of obligors; 
 ( iv ) processing request for extension , modification and adjustments; 
 ( v ) administer payoff , prepayment , default and delinquencies; 
 ( vi ) maintain accurate and complete account and receivables system for service the receivables; 
 ( vii ) provide to the custodian copy , or access to , any document that modify or supplement information in the receivable 
 files; and 
 ( viii ) prepare and provide monthly investor report and any other periodic report require to be prepare by the servicer 
 under this agreement or any other transaction document . 
 ( b ) collection of payments; extension and amendment . the servicer shall take , or cause to be take , all action necessary or advisable 
 to collect each receivable in accordance with this agreement and the servicing procedure use commercially reasonable care and diligence and 
 in any event , with no less care or diligence than the servicer exercise in collect other similar receivables or obligation owe to it and its 
 affiliate . all payment remit by an obligor to the servicer in respect of a receivable , any release of a security deposit , and any application of a 
 credit grant to a customer by verizon wireless ( other than application of payment and credit grant to an obligor under a receivable in 
 respect of cancellation , prepayment , invoicing error or in connection with an upgrade offer as describe under section 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 3.12(b ) ) will be apply to the related account by the servicer base on invoice aging , so that such amount be apply to the old invoice 
 balance first , then the second old invoiced balance , etc . , and finally to current billing amount , in each case , in the order describe below : 
 • 
 late fees; 
 • 
 service and all other charge , include , but not limit to , insurance premium payment and purchase ( include accessory ) 
 bill to the account , other than amount due under any device payment plan agreement , include any receivable; and 
 • 
 any amount relate to any device payment plan agreement , include receivables , which , in the case of multiple device 
 payment plan agreement relate to a single account , will be apply in the order in which such device payment plan agreement 
 be originate with the most recent device payment plan agreement be pay last . 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other transaction document , the process for application of payment remit by an obligor to 
 the servicer in respect of a receivable , release of security deposit , and application of credit grant to an obligor under a receivable by 
 verizon wireless ( other than those credit grant to an obligor in respect of an upgrade offer as describe under section 3.12(b ) ) describe in the 
 bullet point above may be change at any time in the sole discretion of the servicer , as long as any change in such application of any such 
 amount applicable to the receivables ( i ) be also applicable to any device payment plan agreement that the servicer service for itself and other 
 and ( ii ) so long as cellco be the servicer , do not have a material adverse effect on the noteholder . in addition , the servicer may waive late 
 payment charge or other fee that may be collect in the ordinary course of service a receivable . the servicer may grant extension , refund , 
 rebate or adjustment on any receivable or amend any receivable accord to the servicing procedure . however , if the servicer ( i ) grant 
 payment extension result in the final payment date of the receivable being later than the collection period immediately precede the final 
 maturity date for the late mature class of note , ( ii ) cancel a receivable or reduce or waif ( include with respect to any upgrade offer ) 
 the remain principal balance under a receivable or any portion thereof and/or as a result , the monthly payment due thereunder , or ( iii ) modifie , 
 supplement , amend or revise a receivable to grant the obligor under such receivable a contractual right to upgrade the related device , it will 
 acquire the affected receivable solely as describe under section 3.3 , unless it be require to take the action by law . in addition , if the marketing 
 agent or the servicer ( x ) apply a payment or grant a credit to an obligor with respect to cancellation , prepayment or invoicing error the 
 servicer may apply such credit either directly to the applicable device payment plan agreement or in accordance with its customary payment 
 application procedure set forth above and ( y ) apply a payment or grant a credit to an obligor under a receivable in connection with an upgrade 
 offer as set forth in section 3.12(b ) , the servicer will apply such credit directly to the applicable device payment plan agreement and will not apply 
 such credit in accordance with its customary payment application procedure set forth above . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( c ) maintenance of security interest in the receivables . the servicer will maintain perfection of the security interest of the issuer and the 
 indenture trustee in each receivable . 
 ( d ) no impairment . the servicer will not impair in any material respect the right of the issuer or the noteholder in any receivable except 
 as permit by this agreement . 
 ( e ) assignment for enforcement . effective as of the related cutoff date , the receivable be assign to the servicer solely for the purpose 
 of permit the servicer to perform its servicing and administrative obligation under this agreement , include the start or pursuit of or 
 participation in a legal proceeding to enforce its right or remedy with respect to a receivable or such other proceeding otherwise relate to a 
 receivable . if in a legal proceeding it be hold that the servicer may not enforce its right or remedy with respect to a receivable on the ground 
 that it be not a real party in interest or a holder entitle to enforce right or remedy with respect to the receivable , the issuer will , at the servicer ’s 
 expense and direction , assign the receivable to the servicer solely for that purpose or take step to enforce its right and remedy with respect to 
 the receivable , include bring suit in the name of the indenture trustee , the noteholder and the issuer . 
 ( f ) power of attorney . the issuer appoint the servicer as the issuer ’s attorney - in - fact , with full power of substitution to exercise all 
 right of the issuer for the servicing and administration of the receivables . this power of attorney , and all authority give , under this section 3.2(f ) 
 be revocable and be give solely to facilitate the performance of the servicer ’s obligation under this agreement and may only be use by the 
 servicer consistent with this agreement . on request of the servicer , the issuer will furnish the servicer with write power of attorney and other 
 document to enable the servicer to perform its obligation under this agreement . 
 ( g ) release document . the servicer be authorize to execute and deliver , on behalf of itself , the issuer , the indenture trustee and the 
 noteholder any document of satisfaction , cancellation , partial or full release or discharge , and other comparable document , for the receivables . 
 ( h ) enforcement of receivables under an upgrade offer . if an obligor accept an upgrade offer with respect to a receivable but fail to 
 satisfy the require term and condition relate to such upgrade offer , the servicer agree to ( i ) not waive any amount due by such obligor 
 under the relate receivable and pursue its servicing procedure against such obligor in respect of the relate receivable until all amount due 
 under the related receivable be receive and ( ii ) enforce , on behalf of the issuer , any right and obligation under the relate receivable . 
 section 3.3 servicer ’s acquisition of receivables . 
 ( a ) acquisition for servicer modification . if extension , modification , amendment , cancellation or waiver of receivable or any term 
 thereof be make that would require such receivable to be acquire under section 3.2(b ) , the servicer will acquire all such receivables as set forth 
 in section 3.3(d ) . 
 ( b ) acquisition for breach of servicer ’s obligation . if a responsible person of the servicer receive write notice from the depositor , the 
 issuer , the owner trustee or the 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 indenture trustee of a breach of the servicer ’s obligation in section 3.2(c ) or ( d ) , and the servicer fail to correct such failure or impairment in all 
 material respect by the end of the second month follow the month in which the servicer receive such write notice , the servicer will acquire 
 all receivables with respect to which such breach be not so cure as set forth in section 3.3(d ) . 
 ( c ) acquisition for system limitation or inability to service . if the servicer , in its sole discretion , determine that as a result of a receivables 
 system error or receivables system limitation or for any other reason the servicer be unable to service a receivable accord to the servicing 
 procedure and the term of this agreement , the servicer may acquire the relevant receivable as set forth in section 3.3(d ) . 
 ( d ) acquisition of receivables; payment of acquisition amount . for any acquisition of a receivable by the servicer under this section 
 3.3 , the servicer will acquire the receivable by remit the related acquisition amount on or prior to the second business day before the 
 payment date relate to the collection period in which such receivable be acquire by the servicer . if cellco be the servicer , it may pay any 
 acquisition amount accord to section 4.3(c ) . 
 ( e ) transfer and assignment of acquire receivables . when the servicer ’s payment of the acquisition amount for a receivable be 
 include in available fund for a payment date , the issuer will be deem to have transfer and assign to the servicer , effective as of the last 
 day of the collection period immediately precede the related collection period , all of the issuer ’s right , title and interest in the receivable and all 
 security and document relate to the receivable . the transfer and assignment will not require any action by the issuer or the indenture trustee 
 and will be without recourse , representation or warranty by the issuer except the representation that the issuer own the receivable free and clear 
 of any lien , other than permit lien . after the transfer and assignment , the servicer will mark its receivables system to indicate that the 
 receivable be no long a receivable and may take any action necessary or advisable to transfer the receivable free from any lien of the issuer or 
 the indenture trustee . 
 ( f ) no obligation to investigate . none of the issuer , the owner trustee , the indenture trustee ( include in its capacity as successor 
 servicer hereunder ) , the sponsor , the marketing agent , the depositor , the parent support provider , the administrator or the servicer will be 
 obligate to investigate whether a breach or other event have occur that would require the acquisition of any receivable under this section 3.3 or 
 whether any receivable be otherwise require to be acquire under this section 3.3 . 
 ( g ) acquisition be sole remedy . the sole remedy of the issuer , the indenture trustee , the owner trustee , and the secured party for any 
 extension , modification , amendment , cancellation or waiver of a receivable or any term thereof under section 3.2(b ) or a breach of the covenant 
 make by the servicer in section 3.2(c ) or ( d ) be the servicer ’s acquisition of the receivables , as describe under this section 3.3 . 
 section 3.4 sale of write - off receivables . the servicer may sell to any third party a receivable that have be write off . proceed of 
 any sale allocable to the write - off 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 receivable will be recovery . any recovery will be pay to the servicer as supplemental servicing fee and will not be a part of available fund . 
 if the servicer elect to sell a write - off receivable , the receivable will be deem to have be transfer and assign by the issuer to the 
 servicer immediately before the sale by the servicer . after the sale , the servicer will mark its receivables system to indicate that the write - off 
 receivable sell be no long a receivable and may take any action necessary or advisable to transfer the receivable free from any lien of the issuer 
 or the indenture trustee . 
 section 3.5 servicer report and compliance statement . 
 ( a ) monthly investor report . 
 ( i ) on or about the 15th day of each month , and in no case later than at least two ( 2 ) business day before each payment date , 
 the servicer will deliver to the depositor , the indenture trustee , the owner trustee , the note pay agent , the cap counterparty , the 
 rating agency and the administrator a servicing report ( the " monthly investor report " ) for that payment date and the related 
 collection period . the monthly investor report will include ( i ) an acquisition date supplement if the collection period include an 
 acquisition date and ( ii ) a statement as to whether or not a delinquency trigger have occur in respect of the related collection period , 
 together with reasonably detailed calculation thereof . a responsible person of the servicer will certify that the information in the 
 monthly investor report be accurate in all material respect . the monthly investor report will also be post on the indenture trustee ’s 
 password protect website locate at https://pivot.usbank.com . 
 ( ii ) the sponsor , in its capacity as servicer , will include information about the pool of initial receivables and the disclosure 
 require by section 246.4(c)(1)(ii ) of the u.s . credit risk retention rule in the monthly investor report for the first payment date , which 
 monthly investor report will also be include in the distribution report on form 10 - d file with the commission for the related collection 
 period . 
 ( iii ) the sponsor , in its capacity as servicer , will include in the monthly investor report notice of the occurrence of ( i ) any 
 benchmark transition event and its related benchmark replacement date , ( ii ) the determination of any benchmark replacement , and ( iii ) 
 the making of any benchmark replacement conforming change . 
 ( b ) credit enhancement and pool composition test . on or before each payment date and each acquisition date , the servicer will 
 determine whether the pool of receivables to be hold by the issuer as of the related cutoff date , include any additional receivables to be 
 acquire , satisfy the credit enhancement test and each pool composition test . if the pool of receivables do not satisfy all of the pool 
 composition test , the administrator may identify receivables in the pool as temporarily exclude receivables so that the remain receivables 
 in the pool will satisfy all of the pool composition tests; provide , that the administrator may only deem receivable to be temporarily exclude 
 receivables if the overcollateralization target amount be reach as of the close of business on such date of determination , without take into 
 account the temporarily exclude receivables . in addition , the principal balance of any temporarily exclude receivables will be subtract from 
 the adjusted pool balance for 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 purpose of calculate the credit enhancement test . the servicer will state on the acquisition date supplement for each collection period for 
 which there be an acquisition date the aggregate principal balance of the receivables deemed temporarily exclude receivables . for the 
 avoidance of doubt , collection on temporarily exclude receivables ( solely during the time that they be temporarily exclude receivables ) will 
 not constitute available fund and , up to the amount of the temporarily exclude receivables servicing fee will be distribute to the servicer , and 
 any remain amount will be deposit into the certificate distribution account for distribution to the certificateholder in the priority set forth 
 in section 4.1(b ) of the trust agreement . the administrator may , at its sole option , designate receivables that be deem temporarily exclude 
 receivables on any prior date to no long be deem temporarily exclude receivables as long as after such designation by the administrator , all 
 of the pool composition test either will remain satisfied or will not be adversely affect . 
 ( c ) amortization event . in connection with the preparation of each monthly investor report , the servicer will review the amortization 
 event and determine whether an amortization event occur during the collection period immediately precede the related collection period 
 ( after give effect to any acquisition of additional receivables during such collection period ) , and the monthly investor report shall indicate 
 whether or not an amortization event have occur . 
 ( d ) remittance report . for as long as the servicer and the marketing agent be deposit collection pursuant to section 4.3(b)(ii ) and 
 deposit any require upgrade payment within two ( 2 ) business day after the identification that all of the term and condition relate to such 
 upgrade offer have be satisfy by the related obligor , the servicer will provide a write report ( which may be electronically submit ) to the 
 indenture trustee and the note pay agent on each such deposit or remittance date set forth ( x ) the aggregate dollar amount deposit or 
 remit into the collection account by the servicer , the marketing agent or an originator on such date , ( y ) the aggregate dollar amount of 
 collection deposit by the servicer on such date and ( z ) the aggregate number of upgrade offer accept since the deposit or remittance date 
 immediately precede the related deposit or remittance date , and the aggregate amount of upgrade payment remit by the marketing agent or 
 an originator on such date . 
 section 3.6 review of servicer ’s record . the servicer will maintain record and document relate to its performance under this 
 agreement accord to its customary business practice . upon reasonable request not more than once during any calendar year , and with 
 reasonable notice , the servicer will give the issuer , the depositor , the parent support provider , the administrator , the owner trustee and the 
 indenture trustee ( or their representative ) access to the record and document to conduct a review of the servicer ’s performance under this 
 agreement . any access or review will be conduct by all party at the same time at the servicer ’s office during its normal business hour at a 
 time reasonably convenient to the servicer and in a manner that will minimize disruption to its business operation . any access or review will be 
 subject to the servicer ’s security , confidentiality and privacy policy and any regulatory , legal and datum protection policy . notwithstanding the 
 foregoing , the permissive right of the indenture trustee to access or review any record of the servicer shall not be deem to be an obligation of 
 the indenture trustee to do so . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 section 3.7 servicer ’s authorize and responsible person . on or before the closing date , the servicer will notify the indenture trustee 
 and the owner trustee and provide a speciman signature of each person who ( a ) be authorize to give instruction and direction to the indenture 
 trustee and the owner trustee on behalf of the servicer and ( b ) be a responsible person for the servicer . the servicer may change such person at 
 any time by notify the indenture trustee and the owner trustee . 
 section 3.8 servicer ’s fee . as compensation for perform its obligation under this agreement , the servicer will be pay the servicing 
 fee . on each payment date , the issuer will pay the servicing fee to the servicer accord to section 8.2 of the indenture . in addition , the servicer 
 may retain any supplemental servicing fee . the servicer will also receive the temporarily exclude receivables servicing fee on each payment 
 date , which will be payable solely from collection on the temporarily exclude receivables , as set forth in section 3.5(b ) . 
 section 3.9 servicer ’s expense . except as otherwise state in this agreement , the servicer will pay all its expense for service the 
 receivables under this agreement , include fee and expense of legal counsel and independent accountant , taxis impose on the servicer and 
 expense to prepare report , certificate or notice under this agreement . 
 section 3.10 custodian . 
 ( a ) appointment of custodian . to reduce administrative cost and facilitate the servicing of the receivables by the servicer , the issuer 
 appoint cellco , in its capacity as the servicer , to act as the custodian of the receivables for the issuer and the indenture trustee ( for the benefit of 
 the secured party ) , as their interest may appear . cellco accept the appointment and agree to perform the custodial obligation in this section 
 3.10 . 
 ( b ) custody of receivable file . the custodian will hold and maintain in custody the follow document for each receivable ( the 
 " receivable file " ) for the benefit of the issuer and the indenture trustee , use reasonable care and accord to the servicing procedure : 
 ( i ) the original receivable ( or an image copy of such receivable ) or an authoritative copy of the receivable , if in electronic form; 
 and 
 ( ii ) all other document , notice and correspondence relate to the receivable or the obligor that the servicer generate in the 
 course of service the receivable . 
 except as state above , any document in a receivable file may be a photocopy or in electronic format or may be convert to electronic 
 format at any time . the custodian will hold and maintain the receivable file , include any receivables system on which the receivable file be 
 electronically store , in a manner that will permit the servicer and the issuer to comply with this agreement and the indenture trustee to comply 
 with the indenture . 
 ( c ) delivery of receivable file . the receivable file be or will be constructively deliver to the indenture trustee , as pledgee of the 
 issuer under the indenture , and the custodian confirm to the issuer and the indenture trustee that it have receive the receivable file for the 
 initial receivables and , by its delivery ( in its capacity as servicer ) to the issuer and the indenture trustee of an acquisition date supplement , will 
 be deem to confirm to the 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 issuer and the indenture trustee that it have receive the receivable file for the additional receivables . no initial review or any periodic review of 
 the receivable file by the issuer , the owner trustee or the indenture trustee be require . 
 ( d ) location of receivable file . the custodian will maintain the receivable file ( or access to any receivable file store in an electronic 
 format ) at one of its office or the office of one of its custodian in the united states . on request of the depositor , the issuer and the indenture 
 trustee , the custodian will provide a list of location of the receivable file . 
 ( e ) access to receivable file . the custodian will give the servicer access to the receivable file and , on request of the servicer , the 
 custodian will promptly release any document in the receivable file to the servicer for purpose of service the receivables . the custodian will 
 give the depositor , the issuer and the indenture trustee access to the receivable file and the receivables system to conduct a review of the 
 receivables . any access or review will be conduct at the custodian ’s office during normal business hour at a time reasonably convenient to 
 the custodian in a manner that will minimize disruption of its business operation . any access or review will be subject to the custodian ’s legal , 
 regulatory , confidentiality , privacy and datum protection policy . attach hereto as exhibit a be a copy of the custodian ’s security requirement in 
 effect on the date of this agreement . 
 ( f ) effective period and termination . cellco ’s appointment as custodian be effective as of the initial cutoff date and will continue until the 
 later of ( i ) the date on which all obligation of the issuer have be pay in full and ( ii ) the date on which such appointment be terminate under this 
 section 3.10(f ) . if the servicer resign under section 7.1 or be terminate under section 7.2 , the servicer ’s appointment as custodian under this 
 agreement may be terminate in the same manner as the servicer may be terminate under section 7.2 . as soon as practicable after any termination 
 of its appointment as custodian and subject to the legal , regulatory , confidentiality , privacy and datum protection policy of the custodian and 
 cellco , the custodian will deliver the receivable file to the indenture trustee or its designee or successor custodian at a place designate by the 
 indenture trustee . all reasonable expense of transfer the receivable file to the designee or successor custodian will be pay by the 
 terminate custodian on receipt of an invoice in reasonable detail . 
 ( g ) no agency . neither the custodian nor the servicer shall be deem to be an agent of the indenture trustee , and the indenture trustee 
 shall have no liability for the act or omission of the custodian or the servicer . 
 section 3.11 marketing agent . 
 ( a ) appointment of marketing agent . the issuer and the servicer appoint cellco to act as market agent for the receivables . cellco 
 accept the appointment and agree to perform its obligation set forth in this agreement . 
 ( b ) duty of the marketing agent . the marketing agent will be require to remit , or to cause the related originator to remit , to the 
 collection account the amount set forth in section 4.3(g ) , ( h ) and ( i ) . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( c ) fee and expense of the marketing agent . fee and expense , if any , of the marketing agent will be pay by the originator , as 
 separately agree to under the marketing agent agency agreement . 
 ( d ) covenant of the marketing agent . the marketing agent will not ( i ) make any upgrade offer that waive any obligation of an 
 obligor under the related device payment plan agreement , ( ii ) eliminate the obligation of verizon wireless to pay off a device payment plan 
 agreement if an obligor satisfy the related term and condition thereof , or ( iii ) eliminate or impair any third party beneficiary right of an assignee 
 under an upgrade offer , include the right of such assignee to enforce verizon wireless ' payment obligation under any upgrade offer . 
 section 3.12 termination of upgrade programs; credit relate to upgrade program . 
 ( a ) to the extent any upgrade offer have not be terminate and an obligor satisfie all of the term and condition of such upgrade offer 
 in respect of a receivable , and ( i ) the marketing agent fail to make , or to cause the related originator to make , the require upgrade payment into 
 the collection account as set forth in section 4.3(g ) and ( ii ) the parent support provider fail to make any require upgrade payment as set forth 
 in section 1 of the parent support agreement , the servicer and the marketing agent shall terminate all upgrade offer within ten ( 10 ) business 
 day after the date the parent support provider receive notice from the indenture trustee that an upgrade payment be due under section 1 of 
 the parent support agreement . 
 ( b ) if the marketing agent , the relevant originator and the parent support provider fail to make such upgrade payment with respect to an 
 upgrade offer , ( i ) the servicer shall deliver the notice to obligor pursuant to section 3.13 with respect to such obligor ' recoupment right against 
 verizon wireless , and ( ii ) notwithstanding any failure to deliver such notice , ( x ) if cellco be still the servicer , the servicer shall give a monthly credit 
 to the obligor against amount owe with respect to the new device payment plan agreement result from the upgrade offer , in an amount equal 
 to the amount due that month under the original device payment plan agreement that be a receivable , or ( y ) if cellco be no long the servicer , 
 cellco , ( 1 ) if require , shall give such monthly credit to the obligor only if cellco have receive notice from the servicer that the obligor have pay the 
 amount due in the prior month under the original device payment plan agreement that be a receivable , and ( 2 ) shall cooperate with any successor 
 servicer to properly bill and credit such obligor ’s account with respect to the receivable and the new device payment plan agreement relate to the 
 upgrade offer . any such monthly credit grant to an obligor shall be apply directly against the monthly payment due on the new device 
 payment plan agreement and will not be apply in accordance with the servicer ’s customary payment application procedure pursuant to its 
 servicing procedure , if different . for the avoidance of doubt , if during such time as cellco be no long the servicer , an obligor remit the full 
 amount due under the related new device payment plan agreement , but do not make a payment to the new servicer for the original device 
 payment plan agreement , a portion of such amount equal to the amount of the monthly credit grant to such obligor result from the upgrade 
 offer in respect of the original device payment plan agreement that be a receivable shall be pay by cellco to the new servicer . in such case , to the 
 extent that all other amount owe on the related account be current , the servicer will not consider such account or payment 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 under the new device payment plan agreement to be delinquent . in addition , regardless of whether cellco continue to be the servicer of any 
 receivable for which the term and condition of an upgrade offer ( other than the requirement that the marketing agent remit , or cause the related 
 originator to remit , an upgrade payment for such receivable ) be satisfy by the related obligor and for which the marketing agent , the related 
 originator and the parent support provider fail to make the related upgrade payment , cellco shall remit any collection receive on such 
 receivable to the collection account in the time period in which it would have be otherwise obligate to do so . 
 section 3.13 notice to obligor . 
 within ten ( 10 ) day follow the early to occur of ( i ) a rating downgrade by each of the rating agency of verizon to below 
 investment grade , or ( ii ) a servicer termination event , the servicer will send a notice to all obligor indicate ( a ) that their receivable have be 
 assign to the issuer , and ( b)(x ) if cellco have not be remove as servicer , that the obligor shall continue to make their payment as they have 
 previously , or ( y ) if cellco have be remove as servicer , the name of the successor servicer and any new instruction with respect to their 
 payment . in addition , if the servicer termination event be as a result of the failure of the marketing agent to satisfy its obligation to make , or to 
 cause the related originator to make , require upgrade payment pursuant to section 7.2(a)(i)(y ) , then cellco shall also send a notice to ( i ) all 
 obligor who have a continue right to an upgrade , indicate that cellco have recently fail to make the necessary prepayment with respect to 
 one or more of its customer in connection with an upgrade offer , and that if any obligor choose to upgrade and cellco fail to make the relate 
 upgrade payment with respect to they , such obligor will still be require to make payment on his or her original device payment plan agreement , 
 but that such obligor will have a corresponding recoupment right against his or her new device payment plan agreement with verizon wireless , and 
 ( ii ) all obligor who have initiate upgrade under an upgrade offer , indicate that cellco have fail to make the relevant upgrade payment , and 
 state that such obligor will continue to have an obligation to make payment on their original device payment plan agreement , but will have a 
 correspond right of recoupment against their new device payment plan agreement with verizon wireless . 
 article iv 
 account , collection and application of fund 
 section 4.1 bank account . 
 ( a ) establishment of bank account . on or before the closing date , the servicer will establish the follow segregate account or 
 subaccount at a qualified institution ( initially the corporate trust department of u.s . bank national association ) , each in the name of " u.s . bank 
 national association , as note pay agent for the benefit of the indenture trustee , as secured party for verizon owner trust 2020 - a " , to be 
 designate as follow : 
 ( i ) " collection account " with account number 272062000; 
 ( ii ) " reserve account " with account number 272062001; 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( iii ) " acquisition account , " as a subaccount of the collection account , with account number 272062002; and 
 ( iv ) " negative carry account " with account number 272062003 . 
 ( b ) control of bank account . each of the bank account will be under the control of the indenture trustee so long as the bank 
 account remain subject to the lien of the indenture , except that the servicer may make deposit into and direct the note pay agent to make 
 deposit into or withdrawal from the bank account accord to the transaction document . the servicer may direct the note pay agent to 
 withdraw from the collection account and pay to the servicer , or as direct by the servicer , amount that be not available fund for a collection 
 period or that be deposit into the collection account in error . follow the payment in full of the note and the release of the bank account 
 from the lien of the indenture , the bank account will be under the control of the issuer . 
 ( c ) benefit of accounts; deposit and withdrawal . the bank account and all cash , money , security , investment , financial asset and 
 other property deposit in or credit to they will be hold by the note pay agent for the benefit of the indenture trustee as secure party for 
 the benefit of the secured party and , after payment in full of the note and the release of the bank account from the lien of the indenture , as 
 agent of the issuer and as part of the trust property . all deposit to and withdrawal from the bank account will be make accord to the 
 transaction document . 
 ( d ) maintenance of account . if an institution maintain the bank account cease to be a qualified institution , the servicer will , with 
 the indenture trustee ’s assistance as necessary , move the bank account to a qualified institution within thirty ( 30 ) day . 
 ( e ) compliance . each bank account will be subject to the account control agreement . the servicer will ensure that the account control 
 agreement require the qualified institution maintain the bank account to comply with " entitlement order " ( as define in section 8 - 102 of the 
 ucc ) from the indenture trustee without further consent of the issuer , if the note be outstanding , and to act as a " security intermediary " 
 accord to the ucc . 
 ( f ) agreement with respect to account . the servicer , the issuer , the indenture trustee and the security intermediary agree as follow : 
 ( i ) each of the bank account be , and will be maintain as , a " security account " ( as define in section 8 - 501 of the ucc); 
 ( ii ) the security intermediary be act , and will act as a " security intermediary " ( as define in the ucc ) with respect to the 
 bank accounts; 
 ( iii ) this agreement ( together with the indenture and the account control agreement ) be the only agreement enter into among 
 the party with respect to the bank account and the party will not enter into any other agreement relate to the bank accounts; and 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( iv ) at the time this agreement be enter into and the bank account be establish , the security intermediary have one or 
 more office in the united states of america that maintain the security account . 
 section 4.2 investment of fund in bank account . 
 ( a ) permit investment . if ( i ) no default or event of default have occur and be continue and ( ii ) cellco be the servicer , the servicer 
 may instruct the indenture trustee to invest any fund in the collection account , the acquisition account , the reserve account and the negative 
 carry account in permit investment and , if investment instruction be receive , the indenture trustee will direct the qualified institution 
 maintain the bank account to invest the fund in the collection account , the acquisition account , the reserve account or the negative 
 carry account , as applicable , in those permit investments; provide , that , if on any payment date , the amount on deposit in the acquisition 
 account ( after give effect to the acquisition of any additional receivables on such date ) be great than 25 of the aggregate note balance ( after 
 give effect to any payment make on the note on such date ) , the servicer shall instruct the indenture trustee to invest any amount in the 
 acquisition account in excess of such amount in any permit investment , other than ( x ) any investment set forth in clause ( b ) or ( c ) of the 
 definition of permit investment that be hold by or at the indenture trustee or ( y ) any investment set forth in clause ( e ) of the definition 
 thereof . if ( i ) the servicer fail to give investment instruction for any fund in the collection account , the acquisition account , the reserve 
 account or the negative carry account to the indenture trustee by 11:00 a.m. new york time ( or other time as may be agree by the indenture 
 trustee ) on the business day before a payment date or ( ii ) the qualified institution receive notice from the indenture trustee that a default or 
 event of default have occur and be continue , the qualified institution will invest and reinvest fund in such bank account accord to the last 
 investment instruction receive , if any . if no prior investment instruction have be receive or if the instruct investment be no long 
 available or permit , the indenture trustee will notify the servicer and request new investment instruction , and the fund will remain uninvested 
 until new investment instruction be receive . the servicer may direct the indenture trustee to consent , vote , waive or take any other action , or 
 not to take any action , on any matter available to the holder of the permit investment . if cellco be not the servicer , fund on deposit in the 
 collection account , the acquisition account , the reserve account and the negative carry account will remain uninvested . notwithstanding 
 anything to the contrary in this section 4.2(a ) or in the transaction document , the servicer shall not allow amount hold in the collection account 
 or the acquisition account to be invest unless it be able to maintain record on a daily basis as to the amount realize from the investment of 
 collection receive on each originator ’s receivables . 
 ( b ) maturity of investment . for so long as cellco be the servicer , any permit investment of fund in the collection account and the 
 reserve account ( or any reinvestment of the permit investment ) for a collection period must mature , if applicable , and be available no later 
 than the second business day before the related payment date and any permit investment of fund in the acquisition account and the 
 negative carry account ( or any reinvestment of the permit investment ) for a collection period must mature or be available overnight . any 
 permit investment with a maturity date will be hold to their maturity , except 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 that such permit investment may be sell or dispose of before their maturity in connection with the sale or liquidation of the collateral under 
 section 5.6 of the indenture . 
 ( c ) no liability for investment . none of the depositor , the servicer , the indenture trustee , the note pay agent or the qualified 
 institution maintain any bank account will be liable for the selection of permit investment or for investment loss incur on permit 
 investment ( other than in the capacity as obligor , if applicable ) . 
 ( d ) continuation of lien in investment . the servicer will not direct the indenture trustee or the note pay agent to make any 
 investment of fund or to sell any investment hold in the bank account unless the security interest grant and perfect in the account in favor 
 of the indenture trustee will continue to be perfect in the investment or the proceed of the sale without further action by any person . 
 ( e ) investment earning . investment earning ( net of loss and investment expense ) on the collection account , the acquisition 
 account , the reserve account and the negative carry account will be deposit into the certificate distribution account for distribution to the 
 certificateholder in the priority set forth in section 4.1(b ) of the trust agreement . 
 section 4.3 deposit and payment . 
 ( a ) closing date and acquisition date deposit . on the closing date and on each acquisition date , the servicer will deposit into the 
 collection account all amount receive and apply as interest or principal on the initial receivables or the additional receivables , as applicable , 
 during the period from the related cutoff date to two ( 2 ) business day before the closing date or acquisition date , as applicable . 
 ( b ) deposit of collection . 
 ( i ) if cellco be the servicer and ( x ) verizon ’s long - term unsecured debt be rat equal to or high than " baa2 " by moody ’s and " a " 
 by s&p ( the " monthly deposit require rating " ) , ( y ) verizon guarantee certain payment obligation of cellco , as servicer , as provide 
 in the parent support agreement and ( z ) no servicer termination event have occur , the servicer may deposit collection into the 
 collection account on the second business day before each payment date . 
 ( ii ) for as long as ( x ) verizon ’s long - term unsecured debt be not rat at least the monthly deposit require rating , ( y ) verizon 
 do not guaranty certain payment obligation of cellco , as servicer or ( z ) a servicer termination event occur , the servicer will ( 1 ) 
 deposit into the collection account all amount receive and apply as interest or principal on the receivables within two ( 2 ) business 
 day after identification of receipt of good fund and ( 2 ) provide a write report ( which may be electronically submit ) to the indenture 
 trustee and the note pay agent regard such deposit set forth in clause ( 1 ) above , as require by section 3.5(d ) . 
 ( c ) reconciliation of deposit . if cellco be the servicer and for any payment date , the sum of ( i ) collection for the collection period , plus 
 ( ii ) acquisition amount for the 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 payment date , exceed the amount deposit under section 4.3(b ) for the collection period , cellco will deposit an amount equal to the excess into 
 the collection account on the second business day before the payment date . if , for any payment date , the amount deposit under section 
 4.3(b ) for the collection period exceed the sum of ( i ) collection for the collection period , plus ( ii ) acquisition amount for the payment date , the 
 indenture trustee or the note pay agent will pay to cellco from available fund in the collection account an amount equal to the excess 
 within two ( 2 ) business day after cellco ’s direction , but no later than the payment date . if request by the indenture trustee , cellco will provide 
 reasonable support detail for its calculation of the amount to be deposit or pay under this section 4.3(c ) . 
 ( d ) net deposit . cellco may make the deposit and payment require by section 4.3(b ) net of servicing fee to be pay to cellco for the 
 collection period and amount the servicer be permit to retain under section 3.8 and be reimburse for under section 3.9 . the servicer will 
 account for all deposit and payment in the monthly investor report as if the amount be deposit and/or pay separately . 
 ( e ) no segregation . pende deposit in the collection account , the servicer be not require to segregate collection from its own fund . 
 ( f ) negative carry account deposit . any certificateholder may , at its option , deposit fund into the negative carry account on any date . 
 ( g ) deposit of upgrade payment . if any upgrade offer have not be terminate and an obligor satisfie all of the term and condition of 
 such upgrade offer in respect of a receivable , the marketing agent shall deposit , or shall cause the related originator to deposit , into the 
 collection account the related upgrade payment , within two ( 2 ) business day after the identification that all of the term and condition relate to 
 such upgrade offer have be satisfy by the related obligor in respect of a receivable; provide , that if the condition set forth in section 4.3(b ) 
 ( i ) be satisfied , the marketing agent shall deposit , or shall cause the related originator to deposit , such amount into the collection account on 
 the second business day before the payment date relate to the collection period in which the related obligor have satisfy all of the term and 
 condition ( for the avoidance of doubt , other than the require prepayment ) relate to such upgrade offer in respect of a receivable . the party 
 acknowledge that the failure of the marketing agent to deposit , or to cause the related originator to deposit , into the collection account the 
 relate upgrade payment or otherwise to pay off the receivable would constitute a breach by the related originator of its obligation to the obligor 
 under the upgrade contract and that this breach would adversely affect the value of the receivables , and give the obligor a claim in recoupment 
 against the related originator and a right to offset that claim against the amount that the obligor would owe to the related originator under the 
 new device payment plan agreement ( each such agreement , a " new upgrade dpp " ) enter into by the related originator ( or its agent , on its 
 behalf ) pursuant to the upgrade contract . the party hereto intend that the payment by the marketing agent or the related originator of the 
 upgrade payment as provide in this section 4.3(g ) shall extinguish such obligor ’s claim in recoupment against the related originator and the 
 obligor ’s right to offset the amount of that claim against the amount that the obligor would owe under the new upgrade dpp contemporaneously 
 with such upgrade payment by the marketing agent or the related originator . the party hereto also intend that the payment by the marketing 
 agent or the related originator of the upgrade 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 payment as provide in section 2.2.1 of the marketing agent agency agreement shall extinguish each obligor ’s claim in recoupment against the 
 " verizon originator " describe in that section and the obligor ’s right to offset the amount of that claim against the amount that the obligor would 
 owe under the new device payment plan agreement enter into by such verizon originator ( or its agent , on its behalf ) pursuant to the upgrade 
 contract as describe in that section 2.2.1 contemporaneously with such upgrade payment by the marketing agent or the related originator . 
 ( h ) deposit of credit payment . if an obligor be grant a credit and the application of such credit to the related obligor ’s account result 
 in a shortfall in collection for the related collection period , the marketing agent shall deposit , or shall cause the related originator to deposit , into 
 the collection account the relate credit payment within two ( 2 ) business day after identification that such credit be apply to an obligor 
 account; provide , that if the condition set forth in section 4.3(b)(i ) be satisfied , the marketing agent shall deposit , or shall cause the related 
 originator to deposit , such amount into the collection account on the second business day before the payment date relate to the collection 
 period in which such credit be apply to an obligor account . 
 ( i ) deposit of assumption of liability payment . if an originator or the servicer allow a device payment plan agreement that be a 
 receivable to be transfer to a new obligor , the marketing agent shall acquire such receivable and deposit , or cause the related originator to 
 acquire and deposit , into the collection account an amount equal to the applicable acquisition amount for the related receivable on or prior to 
 the second business day before the payment date relate to the collection period in which such transfer occur . 
 section 4.4 reserve account; negative carry account; acquisition account . 
 ( a ) initial reserve account deposit . on the closing date , the depositor will deposit or cause to be deposit the require reserve 
 amount into the reserve account from the net proceed of the sale of the note . 
 ( b ) reserve account draw amount . on or before two ( 2 ) business day before a payment date , the servicer will calculate the reserve 
 account draw amount for the payment date and will direct the note pay agent to withdraw from the reserve account and deposit into the 
 collection account on or before the payment date ( x ) the reserve account draw amount and ( y ) any amount in excess of the require reserve 
 amount for such payment date , after give effect to the withdrawal of the reserve account draw amount with respect to such payment date . 
 ( c ) negative carry account amount . 
 ( i ) to the extent that the class a certificateholder , solely at its option , deposit any amount into the acquisition account , 
 pursuant to section 4.4(d)(i ) , the class a certificateholder will deposit into the negative carry account an amount equal to the required 
 negative carry amount relate to such amount deposit into the acquisition account on such date . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( ii ) on or before two ( 2 ) business day before a payment date , the servicer will calculate the negative carry account draw 
 amount for the payment date and will instruct the note pay agent to withdraw from the negative carry account and deposit the 
 negative carry account draw amount into the collection account on or before the payment date . 
 ( iii ) on each payment date , any amount in the negative carry account in excess of the require negative carry amount , after 
 give effect to any acquisition of receivables on such payment date , shall be withdraw from the negative carry account and deposit 
 into the certificate distribution account , for distribution to the certificateholder in the priority set forth in section 4.1(b ) of the trust 
 agreement . 
 ( iv ) on or before the first payment date during the amortization period , the servicer will direct the note pay agent to 
 withdraw all fund in the negative carry account and deposit the fund into the collection account . 
 ( d ) acquisition account amount . 
 ( i ) from time to time , the class a certificateholder may , solely at its option , deposit amount into the acquisition account , as set 
 forth in section 2.5 of the trust agreement . 
 ( ii ) on or before two ( 2 ) business day before an acquisition date , the issuer , or the servicer on its behalf , will direct the note 
 pay agent to withdraw the additional receivables cash transfer amount from the acquisition account and pay that amount to the 
 depositor on the acquisition date in consideration for the acquisition of additional receivables by the issuer on the acquisition date . 
 ( iii ) on each payment date , any amount in the acquisition account in excess of the require acquisition deposit amount , after 
 give effect to any acquisition of receivables on such payment date , shall be withdraw from the acquisition account and deposit 
 into the certificate distribution account , for distribution to the certificateholder in the priority set forth in section 4.1(b ) of the trust 
 agreement . 
 ( iv ) on or before the first payment date during the amortization period , the servicer will direct the note pay agent to 
 withdraw all fund in the acquisition account and deposit the fund into the collection account . 
 ( e ) release of fund . the indenture trustee shall , at such time as there be no note outstanding , release any remain portion of the 
 collection account from the lien of the indenture and release to or to the order of the issuer or , in the case of the reserve account , to the 
 depositor . 
 section 4.5 direction to indenture trustee for distribution . on or about the 15th day of each month , and in no case later than at least two 
 ( 2 ) business day before each payment date , the servicer will direct the indenture trustee or note pay agent ( base on the most recent 
 monthly investor report ) to make the withdrawal , deposit , distribution and payment 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 require to be make on the payment date under section 8.2 of the indenture and section 4.3(c ) of this agreement . 
 article v 
 depositor 
 section 5.1 depositor ’s representation and warranty . the depositor represent and warrant to the issuer as of the closing date and 
 as of each acquisition date , on which representation and warranty the issuer be rely in purchase the depositor transfer property and 
 which will survive the transfer and assignment of the depositor transfer property by the depositor to the issuer under this agreement and the 
 pledge of the depositor transfer property by the issuer to the indenture trustee under the indenture : 
 ( a ) organization and good standing . the depositor be a validly exist limited liability company in good standing under the law of the 
 state of delaware and have full power and authority to own its property and conduct its business as presently own or conduct , and to 
 execute , deliver and perform its obligation under this agreement and each other transaction document to which it be a party . 
 ( b ) due qualification . the depositor be duly qualified to do business , be in good standing as a foreign limited liability company ( or be 
 exempt from such requirement ) and have obtain all necessary license and approval in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business 
 require such qualification , license or approval , except where the failure to so qualify or obtain license or approval would not reasonably be 
 expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 ( c ) due authorization . the execution , delivery , and performance of this agreement and each other transaction document to which it be a 
 party , have be duly authorize by the depositor by all necessary limit liability company action on the part of the depositor . 
 ( d ) no proceeding . there be no action , suit , investigation or other proceeding pende , or to its knowledge threaten , against the 
 depositor or any of its property : ( i ) assert the invalidity of this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party; ( ii ) 
 seek to prevent the consummation of any of the transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be 
 a party; or ( iii ) seek any determination or ruling that might have a material adverse effect on the performance by the depositor of its obligation 
 under , or the validity or enforceability of , this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party . 
 ( e ) all consent . all authorization , consent , order or approval of or registration or declaration with any governmental authority 
 require to be obtain , effect or give to it , if any , in connection with the execution and delivery of this agreement and each other transaction 
 document to which it be a party and the performance of the transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other transaction document by 
 the depositor , in each case , have be duly obtain , effect or give and be in full force and effect , except for those which the failure to obtain 
 would not reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( f ) bind obligation . this agreement and each other transaction document to which it be a party constitute , when duly execute and 
 deliver by each other party hereto and thereto , a legal , valid and binding obligation of the depositor , enforceable against it in accordance with its 
 term , except as such enforceability may be limit by applicable bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , moratorium , receivership , conservatorship 
 or other similar law affect creditor ’ right generally or by general principle of equity . 
 ( g ) no conflict . the execution and delivery of this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party by the depositor , 
 and the performance by it of the transaction contemplate by the transaction document and the fulfillment of the term hereof and thereof 
 applicable to the depositor , ( i ) do not contravene ( a ) its limited liability company agreement , ( b ) any contractual restriction bind on or affect 
 it or its property , or ( c ) any order , writ , judgment , award , injunction or decree bind on or affect it or its property , except , in each case of ( a ) , 
 ( b ) or ( c ) , where such contravention would not reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect and ( ii ) do not result in or require the 
 creation of any adverse claim upon or with respect to any of its property . 
 ( h ) no violation . the execution and delivery of this agreement by the depositor , the performance by the depositor of the transaction 
 contemplate by this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party and the fulfillment of the term hereof and thereof 
 applicable to the depositor will not violate any law applicable to the depositor , except where such violation would not reasonably be expect to 
 have a material adverse effect . 
 section 5.2 liability of depositor . 
 ( a ) liability for specific obligation . the depositor will be liable under this agreement only for its specific obligation under this 
 agreement . all other liability be expressly waive and release as a condition of , and consideration for , the execution of this agreement by the 
 depositor and the issuance of the note . the depositor will be liable for its willful misconduct , bad faith or gross negligence in perform its 
 obligation under this agreement . 
 ( b ) no liability of other . the depositor ’s obligation under this agreement be corporate obligation . no person will have recourse , 
 directly or indirectly , to any member , manager , officer , director , employee or agent of the depositor for the depositor ’s obligation under this 
 agreement . 
 ( c ) legal proceeding . the depositor will not be require to start , pursue or participate in any legal proceeding that be unrelated to its 
 obligation under this agreement and that , in its opinion , may result in liability or cause it to pay or risk fund or incur financial liability . 
 ( d ) payment of taxis . the depositor will pay all taxis levy or assess on the trust property . 
 ( e ) reliance by depositor . the depositor may rely in good faith on the advice of counsel or on any document believe to be genuine and 
 to have be execute by the proper party for any matter under this agreement . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 section 5.3 merger , consolidation , succession or assignment . any person ( a ) into which the depositor be merge or consolidate , ( b ) 
 result from a merger or consolidation to which the depositor be a party , ( c ) succeed to the depositor ’s business or ( d ) that be an affiliate of 
 the depositor to whom the depositor have assign this agreement , will be the successor to the depositor under this agreement . within fifteen ( 15 ) 
 business day after the merger , consolidation , succession or assignment , such person will ( i ) execute an agreement to assume the depositor ’s 
 obligation under this agreement and each transaction document to which the depositor be a party ( unless the assumption happen by operation 
 of law ) , ( ii ) deliver to the issuer , the owner trustee and the indenture trustee an officer ’s certificate and an opinion of counsel each state that 
 the merger , consolidation , succession or assignment and the assumption agreement comply with this section 5.3 , ( iii ) deliver to the issuer , the 
 owner trustee and the indenture trustee an opinion of counsel state that the security interest in favor of the issuer in the depositor transfer 
 property and the indenture trustee in the collateral be or will be perfect and ( iv ) notify the rating agency of the merger , consolidation , 
 succession or assignment . 
 section 5.4 depositor may own note . the depositor and any affiliate of the depositor , in its individual or any other capacity , may 
 become the owner or pledgee of note with the same right as any other person except as limited in any transaction document . note own by or 
 pledge to the depositor or any affiliate of the depositor will have an equal and proportionate benefit under the transaction document , except as 
 limit in any transaction document . 
 section 5.5 depositor ’s authorize and responsible person . on or before the closing date , the depositor will notify the indenture 
 trustee and the owner trustee and provide speciman signature of ( i ) each person who be authorize to give instruction and direction to the 
 indenture trustee and the owner trustee on behalf of the depositor and ( ii ) each person who be a responsible person for the depositor . the 
 depositor may change such person at any time by notify the indenture trustee and the owner trustee in writing . 
 section 5.6 company existence . during the term of this agreement , the depositor shall keep in full force and effect its existence , right and 
 franchise as a limited liability company under the law of the jurisdiction of its formation and shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do 
 business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification be or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the transaction 
 document and each other instrument or agreement necessary or appropriate to the proper administration of this agreement and the transaction 
 contemplate hereby . 
 section 5.7 no division . notwithstanding section 18- 217 of the delaware limited liability company act or the depositor ’s limited liability 
 company agreement , for so long as the note remain outstanding , the depositor shall not divide or enter into a plan of division within the meaning 
 of section 18- 217 of the delaware limited liability company act . 
 article vi 
 servicer and marketing agent 
 section 6.1 servicer ’s and market agent ’s representation and warranty . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( a ) the servicer represent and warrant to the issuer as of the closing date and as of each acquisition date , on which representation 
 and warranty the issuer be rely in purchase the depositor transfer property and which will survive the transfer and assignment of the 
 depositor transfer property by the depositor to the issuer under this agreement and the pledge of the depositor transfer property by the 
 issuer to the indenture trustee under the indenture : 
 ( i ) organization and good standing . the servicer be a validly exist partnership in good standing under the law of the state of 
 delaware and have full power and authority to own its property and conduct its servicing business as presently own or conduct , and 
 to execute , deliver and perform its obligation under this agreement and each other transaction document to which it be a party . 
 ( ii ) due qualification . the servicer be duly qualified to do business , be in good standing as a foreign entity ( or be exempt from such 
 requirement ) and have obtain all necessary license and approval in each jurisdiction in which the servicing of the receivables require 
 such qualification , license or approval , except where the failure to so qualify or obtain license or approval would not reasonably be 
 expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 ( iii ) due authorization . the execution , delivery , and performance of this agreement and each other transaction document to 
 which it be a party , have be duly authorize by the servicer by all necessary partnership action on the part of the servicer . 
 ( iv ) no proceeding . there be no action , suit , investigation or other proceeding pende , or to its knowledge threaten , 
 against the servicer or any of its property : ( i ) assert the invalidity of this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be 
 a party; ( ii ) seek to prevent the consummation of any of the transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other transaction 
 document to which it be a party; or ( iii ) seek any determination or ruling that might have a material adverse effect on the performance 
 by the servicer of its obligation under , or the validity or enforceability of , this agreement or any other transaction document to which it 
 be a party . 
 ( v ) all consent . all authorization , consent , order or approval of or registration or declaration with any governmental 
 authority require to be obtain , effect or give to it , if any , in connection with the execution and delivery of this agreement and each 
 other transaction document to which it be a party and the performance of the transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other 
 transaction document by the servicer , in each case , have be duly obtain , effect or give and be in full force and effect , except for 
 those which the failure to obtain would not reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 ( vi ) bind obligation . this agreement and each other transaction document to which it be a party constitute , when duly 
 execute and deliver by each other party hereto and thereto , a legal , valid and binding obligation of the servicer , enforceable against it 
 in accordance with its term , except as such enforceability may be 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 limit by applicable bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , moratorium , receivership , conservatorship or other similar law affect 
 creditor ’ right generally or by general principle of equity . 
 ( vii ) no conflict . the execution and delivery of this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party by the 
 servicer , and the performance by it of the transaction contemplate by the transaction document and the fulfillment of the term hereof 
 and thereof applicable to the servicer , ( i ) do not contravene ( a ) the organizational document of the servicer , ( b ) any contractual 
 restriction bind on or affect it or its property , or ( c ) any order , writ , judgment , award , injunction or decree bind on or affect it 
 or its property , except , in each case of ( a ) , ( b ) or ( c ) , where such contravention would not reasonably be expect to have a material 
 adverse effect and ( ii ) do not result in or require the creation of any adverse claim upon or with respect to any of its property . 
 ( viii ) no violation . the execution and delivery of this agreement by the servicer , the performance by the servicer of the 
 transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party and the fulfillment of the term 
 hereof and thereof applicable to the servicer will not violate any law applicable to the servicer , except where such violation would not 
 reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 ( ix ) compliance with law . it have comply with all law applicable to the servicing of the receivables , except where the failure to 
 do so , individually or in the aggregate , would not reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 ( x ) servicing procedure . it have comply in all material respect with the servicing procedure with respect to the receivables . 
 ( b ) the marketing agent represent and warrant to the issuer as of the closing date and as of each acquisition date , on which 
 representation and warranty the issuer be rely in purchase the depositor transfer property and which will survive the transfer and 
 assignment of the depositor transfer property by the depositor to the issuer under this agreement and the pledge of the depositor transfer 
 property by the issuer to the indenture trustee under the indenture : 
 ( i ) organization and good standing . the marketing agent be a validly exist partnership in good standing under the law of the 
 state of delaware and have full power and authority to own its property and conduct its business as presently own or conduct , and 
 to execute , deliver and perform its obligation under this agreement and each other transaction document to which it be a party . 
 ( ii ) due qualification . the marketing agent be duly qualified to do business , be in good standing as a foreign entity ( or be exempt 
 from such requirement ) and have obtain all necessary license and approval in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business 
 require such qualification , license or approval , except where the failure to 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 so qualify or obtain license or approval would not reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 ( iii ) due authorization . the execution , delivery , and performance of this agreement and each other transaction document to 
 which it be a party , have be duly authorize by the marketing agent by all necessary partnership action on the part of the marketing 
 agent . 
 ( iv ) no proceeding . there be no action , suit , investigation or other proceeding pende , or to its knowledge threaten , 
 against the marketing agent or any of its property : ( i ) assert the invalidity of this agreement or any other transaction document to 
 which it be a party; ( ii ) seek to prevent the consummation of any of the transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other 
 transaction document to which it be a party; or ( iii ) seek any determination or ruling that might have a material adverse effect on the 
 performance by the marketing agent of its obligation under , or the validity or enforceability of , this agreement or any other transaction 
 document to which it be a party . 
 ( v ) all consent . all authorization , consent , order or approval of or registration or declaration with any governmental 
 authority require to be obtain , effect or give to it , if any , in connection with the execution and delivery of this agreement and each 
 other transaction document to which it be a party and the performance of the transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other 
 transaction document by the marketing agent , in each case , have be duly obtain , effect or give and be in full force and effect , 
 except for those which the failure to obtain would not reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 ( vi ) bind obligation . this agreement and each other transaction document to which it be a party constitute , when duly 
 execute and deliver by each other party hereto and thereto , a legal , valid and binding obligation of the marketing agent , enforceable 
 against it in accordance with its term , except as such enforceability may be limit by applicable bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , 
 moratorium , receivership , conservatorship or other similar law affect creditor ’ right generally or by general principle of equity . 
 ( vii ) no conflict . the execution and delivery of this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party by the 
 marketing agent , and the performance by it of the transaction contemplate by the transaction document and the fulfillment of the 
 term hereof and thereof applicable to the marketing agent , ( i ) do not contravene ( a ) the organizational document of the marketing 
 agent , ( b ) any contractual restriction bind on or affect it or its property , or ( c ) any order , writ , judgment , award , injunction or decree 
 bind on or affect it or its property , except , in each case of ( a ) , ( b ) or ( c ) , where such contravention would not reasonably be 
 expect to have a material adverse effect and ( ii ) do not result in or require the creation of any adverse claim upon or with respect to 
 any of its property . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( viii ) no violation . the execution and delivery of this agreement by the marketing agent , the performance by the marketing 
 agent of the transaction contemplate by this agreement or any other transaction document to which it be a party and the fulfillment of 
 the term hereof and thereof applicable to the marketing agent will not violate any law applicable to the marketing agent , except where 
 such violation would not reasonably be expect to have a material adverse effect . 
 section 6.2 liability of servicer and marketing agent . 
 ( a ) liability for specific obligation . each of the servicer and the marketing agent , severally and not jointly , will be liable under this 
 agreement only for its specific obligation under this agreement . all other liability be expressly waive and release as a condition of , and 
 consideration for , the execution of this agreement by the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable . each of the servicer and the marketing 
 agent , severally and not jointly , will be liable only for its own willful misconduct , bad faith or gross negligence in perform its obligation under 
 this agreement . 
 ( b ) no liability of other . each of the servicer ’s and the marketing agent ’s obligation under this agreement be corporate obligation . 
 no person will have recourse , directly or indirectly , to any member , manager , officer , director , employee or agent of the servicer for the servicer ’s 
 obligation or the marketing agent for the marketing agent ’s obligation , as applicable , under this agreement . 
 ( c ) legal proceeding . the servicer will not be require to start , pursue or participate in any legal proceeding that be not incidental or 
 relate to its obligation to service the receivables under this agreement and that in its opinion may result in liability or cause it to pay or risk 
 fund or incur financial liability . the servicer may in its sole discretion start or pursue any legal proceeding to protect the interest of the 
 noteholder or the depositor under the transaction document . the servicer will be responsible for the fee and expense of legal counsel and 
 any liability result from the legal proceeding . 
 ( d ) force majeure . neither the servicer nor the marketing agent will be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in perform its 
 obligation under this agreement cause by , directly or indirectly , force beyond its control , include strike , work stoppage , act of war , 
 terrorism , civil or military disturbance , fire , flood , earthquake , storm , hurricane or other natural disaster or failure of mechanical , electronic or 
 communication systems; provide , however that this provision shall not limit the right to remove the servicer for a servicer termination event as 
 provide in section 7.2(a ) , other than with respect to the extension of the grace period as provide in section 7.2(a ) . each of the servicer and the 
 marketing agent , as applicable , will use commercially reasonable effort to resume performance as soon as practicable in the circumstance . 
 ( e ) reliance by servicer and marketing agent . each of the servicer and the marketing agent may rely in good faith on the advice of 
 counsel or on any document believe to be genuine and to have be execute by the proper party for any matter under this agreement . 
 section 6.3 indemnity of servicer and the marketing agent . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( a ) indemnification . 
 ( i ) the servicer will indemnify the issuer , the owner trustee and the indenture trustee ( include in its capacity as note pay 
 agent ) , and their officer , director , employee and agent ( each , an " indemnified person " ) for all fee , expense , loss , claim , action , 
 suit , damage and liability ( include reasonable legal fee and expense ) result from the servicer ’s ( include in its capacity as 
 custodian ) willful misconduct , bad faith or gross negligence in perform its obligation under the transaction document ( include 
 such amount incur by such party in defend themselves against any loss , damage or liability and any fee and expense incur 
 in connection with any proceeding bring by the indemnified person to enforce the servicer ’s indemnification or other obligation 
 under this agreement ) . 
 ( ii ) the marketing agent will indemnify the indemnified person for all fee , expense , loss , claim , action , suit , damage and 
 liability ( include reasonable legal fee and expense ) result from the marketing agent ’s willful misconduct , bad faith or gross 
 negligence in perform its obligation under the transaction document ( include such amount incur by such party in defend 
 themselves against any loss , damage or liability and any fee and expense incur in connection with any proceeding bring by the 
 indemnify person to enforce the marketing agent ’s indemnification or other obligation under this agreement ) . 
 ( b ) proceeding . if an indemnified person receive notice of a proceeding against it , the indemnified person will , if a claim for indemnity 
 will be make against the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , under this section 6.3 , promptly notify the servicer or the marketing 
 agent , as applicable , of the proceeding; provide , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the right of an indemnified person to 
 indemnification hereunder to the extent that such failure do not prejudice the right of the servicer , the marketing agent or the indemnified 
 person in such proceeding . the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , may participate in and assume the defense and settlement of a 
 proceeding at its expense . if the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , notifie the indemnified person of its intention to assume the 
 defense of the proceeding , the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , will assume such defense with counsel reasonably satisfactory to 
 the indemnified person , and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified person , and the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , 
 and will not be liable for fee and expense of separate counsel to the indemnified person unless there be a conflict between the interest of the 
 servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , and the indemnified person . if there be a conflict or if the party can not reasonably agree as to the 
 selection of counsel , the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , will pay the reasonable fee and expense of separate counsel to the 
 indemnify person . no settlement of the proceeding in which a claim be bring against the servicer or the marketing agent may be settle in the 
 name of , on behalf of , or in any manner in which the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable , be understand to acknowledge the validity of 
 any claim without the approval of the servicer or the marketing agent , respectively , and the indemnified person , which approval will not be 
 unreasonably withhold . 
 ( c ) survival of obligation . each of the servicer ’s and the marketing agent ’s obligation under this section 6.3 , for the period it be the 
 servicer or the marketing agent , 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 respectively , will survive the servicer ’s or the marketing agent ’s , as applicable , resignation or termination , the termination of this agreement , the 
 resignation or removal of the owner trustee or the indenture trustee and the termination of the issuer . 
 ( d ) repayment . if the servicer or the marketing agent make a payment to an indemnified person under this section 6.3 and the 
 indemnify person later collect from other any amount for which the payment be make , the indemnified person will promptly repay those 
 amount to the servicer or the marketing agent , as applicable . 
 section 6.4 delegation and contracting . if cellco be not the servicer or the custodian , the servicer or the custodian , as applicable , may not 
 delegate to any person its obligation under this agreement without the consent of the issuer . however , no notice or consent will be require for 
 any delegation if cellco be the servicer or the custodian . no notice or consent will be require for any delegation by the marketing agent of its 
 obligation under this agreement . any of the servicer , the custodian or the marketing agent may contract with other person to perform its 
 obligation under this agreement . no delegation or contracting will relieve the servicer , the custodian or the marketing agent , as applicable , of its 
 responsibility , and the servicer , the custodian or the marketing agent , respectively , will remain responsible for those obligation . each of the 
 servicer , the custodian and the marketing agent will be responsible for the fee of its delegate and contractor , as applicable . 
 section 6.5 servicer may own note . the servicer and any affiliate of the servicer , may , in its individual or any other capacity , become the 
 owner or pledgee of note with the same right as it would have if it be not the servicer or an affiliate of the servicer , except as otherwise state 
 in any transaction document . 
 section 6.6 annual statement as to compliance . within ninety ( 90 ) day after the end of each fiscal year for which a report on form 10 - k be 
 require to be file with the commission by or on behalf of the issuer ( commence with the fiscal year end december 31 , 2020 ) , the servicer will 
 deliver an officer ’s certificate to the administrator , the depositor , the owner trustee and the indenture trustee to the effect that ( a ) a review of the 
 servicer ’s activity during the prior fiscal year ( or since the closing date in the case of the first such officer ’s certificate ) and of its performance 
 under this agreement have be make under the supervision of the officer execute such officer ’s certificate and ( b ) to the good of his or her 
 knowledge , base on the review , the servicer have fulfil in all material respect its obligation under this agreement , or , if there have be a failure 
 to fulfill any such obligation in any material respect , specify each such failure know to such officer and the nature and status of the failure . 
 section 6.7 assessment of compliance and accountant ' attestation . 
 ( a ) within ninety ( 90 ) day after the end of each fiscal year for which a report on form 10 - k be require to be file with the commission by 
 or on behalf of the issuer ( commence with the fiscal year end december 31 , 2020 ) , the servicer will : 
 ( i ) deliver to the issuer , the depositor , the administrator , the owner trustee , the indenture trustee and the rating agency a 
 report regard the servicer ’s assessment of compliance with the servicing criterion during the immediately precede 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 calendar year , include disclosure of any material instance of non - compliance identify by the servicer , as require under rule 13a-18 
 and 15d-18 of the exchange act and item 1122 of regulation ab . such report shall be address to the issuer and sign by an authorized 
 officer of the servicer , and shall address each of the servicing criterion applicable to the servicer; 
 ( ii ) deliver to the issuer , the depositor , the administrator , the owner trustee , the indenture trustee and the rating agency a 
 report of a register public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the issuer and the administrator that attest to , and report on , the 
 assessment of compliance make by the servicer and deliver pursuant to the precede paragraph . this attestation shall be deliver in 
 accordance with rule 1 - 02(a)(3 ) and 2 - 02(g ) of regulation s‑x under the security act and the exchange act; 
 ( iii ) cause each subservicer and each subcontractor , if any , determine by the servicer to be " participate in the servicing 
 function " within the meaning of item 1122 of regulation ab , to deliver to the issuer , the depositor , the administrator , the owner trustee 
 and the indenture trustee an assessment of compliance and accountant ' attestation as and when provide in paragraph ( i ) and ( ii ) of 
 this section; and 
 ( iv ) if request by the administrator , act on behalf of the issuer , deliver to the issuer , the depositor and the administrator 
 and any other person that will be responsible for sign the certification ( a " sarbane certification " ) require by rule 13a-14(d ) and 15d- 
 14(d ) under the exchange act ( pursuant to section 302 of the sarbane - oxley act of 2002 ) on behalf of an asset - back issuer with 
 respect to a securitization transaction a certification in the form attach hereto as exhibit b. 
 the servicer acknowledge that the party identify in clause ( a)(iv ) above may rely on the certification provide by the servicer pursuant to such 
 clause in sign a sarbane certification and filing such with the commission . the administrator , act on behalf of the issuer , will not request 
 delivery of a certification under clause ( a)(iv ) above unless the depositor be require under the exchange act to file an annual report on form 10‑k 
 with respect to an asset - back issuer whose asset pool include receivables . 
 ( b ) each assessment of compliance provide by a subservicer pursuant to section 6.7(a)(iii ) shall address each of the servicing criterion 
 specify on a certification to be deliver by such subservicer to the servicer , the issuer , the depositor and the administrator on or prior to the 
 date of such appointment . an assessment of compliance provide by a subcontractor pursuant to section 6.7(a)(iii ) need not address any element 
 of the servicing criterion other than those specify by the servicer and the issuer on the date of such appointment . 
 article vii 
 servicer resignation and termination; successor servicer 
 section 7.1 no resignation . the servicer will not resign as servicer under this agreement unless it determine it be legally unable to 
 perform its obligation under this agreement . the servicer will notify the issuer , the parent support provider , the owner trustee and the indenture 
 trustee of its resignation as soon as practicable after it determine it be require to resign , together with an opinion of counsel support its 
 determination . the issuer will 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 promptly notify the rating agency of any resignation of the servicer . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement or in any other 
 transaction document , immediately upon the resignation of cellco as servicer pursuant to this section 7.1 , cellco , in its individual capacity , will be 
 require to assume the obligation of the servicer to acquire receivables as set forth in section 3.4 and 4.7 of the master trust receivables 
 transfer agreement and section 2.5 and 2.6 of this agreement without further action . 
 section 7.2 servicer termination event . 
 ( a ) servicer termination event . the follow event will each be a " servicer termination event " : 
 ( i ) ( x ) the servicer fail to deposit , or deliver to the owner trustee or the indenture trustee for deposit , any collection require to 
 be deliver under this agreement; ( y ) so long as cellco be the servicer , the marketing agent fail to deposit , or to cause the related 
 originator to deposit , into the collection account any upgrade payment require to be deliver under this agreement , or ( z ) so long 
 as cellco be the servicer , the parent support provider fail to make any payment with respect to the item set forth in clause ( x ) or clause 
 ( y ) above , to the extent the servicer , or the marketing agent or any related originator , respectively , fail to do so , and , in each case , which 
 such failure continue for five ( 5 ) business day after the servicer , the marketing agent or the parent support provider , as applicable , 
 receive write notice of the failure from the owner trustee or the indenture trustee , or a responsible person of the servicer , the 
 marketing agent or the parent support provider , as applicable , obtain actual knowledge of the failure; or 
 ( ii ) the servicer ( include in its capacity as custodian ) fail to observe or to perform any obligation under this agreement , other 
 than as set forth in clause ( i ) or ( iii ) , which failure have a material adverse effect on the noteholder and continue for ninety ( 90 ) day after 
 the servicer receive write notice of the failure from the owner trustee , the indenture trustee or the noteholder of at least a majority of 
 the note balance of the control class; or 
 ( iii ) so long as cellco be the servicer , the failure by ( x ) the marketing agent to make , or to cause the related originator to make , ( i ) 
 any payment require to be pay by the marketing agent , include without limitation credit payment or ( ii ) payment relate to the 
 acquisition by the marketing agent or the related originator of receivables that be subject to certain transfer , but not include 
 upgrade payment , or ( y ) the parent support provider to make any payment set forth in clause ( x ) above , to the extent that the marketing 
 agent or any related originator fail to do so , and in either case , that continue for ten ( 10 ) business day after the marketing agent or 
 parent support provider , as applicable , receive write notice of the failure from the owner trustee or the indenture trustee , or a 
 responsible person of the marketing agent or the parent support provider , as applicable , obtain actual knowledge of the failure; or 
 ( iv ) an insolvency event of the servicer occurs; 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 provide , however , that a delay or failure of performance refer to in clause ( i ) , ( ii ) or ( iii ) above for an additional period of sixty ( 60 ) day will not 
 constitute a servicer termination event if such delay or failure be cause by force majeure or other similar occurrence , as far describe in 
 section 6.2(d ) . 
 ( b ) notice of servicer termination event . the servicer will notify the issuer , the owner trustee and the indenture trustee of any servicer 
 termination event or any event that with the giving of notice or passage of time , or both , would become a servicer termination event , no later than 
 five ( 5 ) business day after a responsible person of the servicer have receive write notice of or have actual knowledge of the event . if a servicer 
 termination event occur , the issuer will promptly notify the rating agency and the asset representation reviewer . 
 ( c ) removal . if a servicer termination event occur and be continue , the indenture trustee may and , if direct by the noteholder of a 
 majority of the note balance of the control class , must remove the servicer and terminate its right and obligation under this agreement by 
 notify the servicer , the issuer , the parent support provider , the owner trustee , and the secured party . the notice of termination will state the 
 date the termination will be effective . on receipt of the notice , the issuer will promptly notify the rating agency , and the owner trustee will 
 promptly notify the certificateholder . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement or in any other transaction document , 
 immediately upon the removal of cellco as servicer pursuant to this section 7.2 , cellco , in its individual capacity , shall assume the obligation of the 
 servicer to acquire receivables as set forth in section 3.4 and 4.7 of the master trust receivables transfer agreement and section 2.5 and 2.6 of 
 this agreement without further action . 
 ( d ) waiver of servicer termination event . the noteholder of a majority of the note balance of the control class or , if no note be 
 outstanding , the owner trustee , at the direction of the class a certificateholder , may direct the indenture trustee to waive a servicer termination 
 event , except with respect to a failure to make required deposit to or payment from any of the bank account , and the consequence thereof . 
 upon the waiver , the servicer termination event will be deem not to have occur . no waiver will extend to any other servicer termination event 
 or impair a right relate to any other servicer termination event . the issuer will promptly notify the rating agency of any waiver . 
 section 7.3 continue to perform . if the servicer resign under section 7.1 , it will continue to perform its obligation as servicer under this 
 agreement until the early to occur of ( a ) a successor servicer accept its engagement as servicer under section 7.4 or ( b ) the date the servicer be 
 legally unable to act as servicer . if the servicer be terminate under this agreement , it will continue to perform its obligation as servicer under this 
 agreement until the date state in the notice of termination . if cellco be the resign or removed servicer , cellco shall ( x ) remit any amount due on 
 the receivables that be remit to cellco in error , rather than to the successor servicer as set forth in the notice send to obligor under section 
 3.13 , and provide the successor servicer with any necessary information regard the amount remit to the successor servicer by cellco and the 
 receivable for which such amount be remit and ( y ) continue to perform its remittance obligation set forth in section 3.12(b ) for as long as any 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 receivable continue to have a principal balance or until this agreement be terminate as set forth in section 8.3 . 
 section 7.4 successor servicer . 
 ( a ) engagement of successor servicer; indenture trustee to act . 
 ( i ) if the servicer resign or be terminate under this agreement , the indenture trustee will promptly engage an institution have 
 a net worth of not less than 50,000,000 whose regular business and operation include the servicing of consumer receivables and can 
 accommodate the servicing of device payment plan agreement , as the successor to the servicer under this agreement ( the " successor 
 servicer " ) and successor to the administrator under section 3.4 of the administration agreement . 
 ( ii ) if no person have accept the engagement as successor servicer when the servicer stop perform its obligation , the 
 indenture trustee , without further action , will be automatically appoint the successor servicer to perform the obligation of the servicer 
 ( other than any obligation specifically exclude ) until such time as another successor servicer shall accept engagement as successor 
 servicer . if the indenture trustee become the successor servicer , it ( a ) will do so in its individual capacity and not in its capacity as 
 indenture trustee and , accordingly , article vi of the indenture will be inapplicable to the indenture trustee solely in its capacity as 
 successor servicer and ( b ) may appoint as servicer any one of its affiliate , but the indenture trustee , in its capacity as successor 
 servicer , will be liable for the action and omission of such affiliate . if the indenture trustee be unwilling or legally unable to act as 
 successor servicer , it will appoint , or petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint , an institution have a net worth of not less 
 than 50,000,000 whose regular business and operation include the servicing of consumer receivables and can accommodate the 
 servicing of device payment plan agreement , as successor to the servicer under this agreement . the indenture trustee will be release 
 from its obligation as successor servicer on the date that a new servicer accept its engagement as successor servicer . 
 ( b ) acceptance of engagement . the successor servicer will accept its engagement by assume the servicer ’s obligation under this 
 agreement or enter into an amendment to this agreement or a new servicing agreement on substantially the same term as this agreement , in a 
 form acceptable to the owner trustee and the indenture trustee . the successor servicer will deliver a copy of the assumption , amendment or new 
 servicing agreement to the other party and the indenture trustee . the successor servicer ( other than the indenture trustee as successor 
 servicer ) will accept its engagement as administrator accord to section 3.5 of the administration agreement . promptly follow a successor 
 servicer ’s acceptance of its engagement , the indenture trustee will notify the issuer , the owner trustee and the secured party of the engagement . 
 on receipt of a notice of engagement , the issuer will promptly notify the rating agency and the asset representation reviewer , and the owner 
 trustee will promptly notify the certificateholder . any successor servicer will agree to provide to cellco any information relate to payment 
 receive from obligor ( include any payment receive on a receivable that be the subject of an upgrade for which none of the marketing 
 agent , the related originator or the parent support provider deposit a require upgrade payment ) , 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 delinquency in payment by obligor , any write - off receivables and any other information relate to the obligor and the receivables 
 require by cellco to service the account of which any receivable be a part , include , but not limit to , grant and apply credit to any 
 account for which none of the marketing agent , the related originator or the parent support provider remit an upgrade payment , as set forth in 
 section 3.12(b ) . any successor servicer will agree to be bind by the term and condition of the legal , regulatory , privacy and data protection 
 policy set forth in exhibit a attach hereto to the extent such successor servicer receive information from cellco or any of its affiliate relate 
 to the receivables . for the avoidance of doubt , no successor servicer will be require to assume or undertake the obligation of cellco , as servicer , 
 under section 3.4 and 4.7 of the master trust receivables transfer agreement or section 2.5 and 2.6 of this agreement . no successor servicer 
 shall have any liability for the act or omission of any predecessor servicer . 
 ( c ) compensation of successor servicer . the indenture trustee may make arrangement for the compensation of the successor servicer 
 out of collection as it and the successor servicer may agree . in addition to the servicing fee , on the date of its appointment as successor servicer , 
 such successor servicer will receive a fee of 150,000 payable pursuant to section 8.2(c ) or 8.2(e ) of the indenture , as applicable , and thereafter , will 
 be entitle to the additional successor servicer fee , which will be pay in accordance with the priority set forth in section 8.2(c ) or 8.2(e ) of the 
 indenture , as applicable . 
 ( d ) transfer of authority . on the effective date of the servicer ’s resignation or termination or the later date that the servicer stops 
 perform its obligation , and solely to the extent the successor servicer be an entity other than the indenture trustee , all right and obligation of 
 the servicer under this agreement and of the administrator under the administration agreement will become the right and obligation of the 
 successor servicer , include as successor administrator . for the avoidance of doubt , ( x ) the resignation or removal of cellco as servicer will not 
 result in the termination of cellco ’s duty as market agent and ( y ) if the indenture trustee be the successor servicer , cellco will continue to act 
 as administrator under the administration agreement , to the extent it be able to continue to perform thereunder pursuant to the term of the 
 administration agreement . 
 ( e ) authority of issuer and indenture trustee . the issuer and the indenture trustee be authorize to execute and deliver , on behalf of the 
 servicer , as attorney - in - fact or otherwise , all document , and to do all other act or thing necessary or advisable to effect the termination and 
 replacement of the servicer . 
 section 7.5 transition of servicing . 
 ( a ) cooperation on termination . on its resignation or termination , the servicer will cooperate with the issuer , the owner trustee , the 
 indenture trustee and the successor servicer in effecting ( i ) the termination of its right and obligation under this agreement and ( ii ) an orderly 
 transition of such right and obligation to the successor servicer . 
 ( b ) transfer of cash , receivable file and record . as soon as practicable after the effective date of its resignation or termination , the 
 predecessor servicer will ( i ) transfer to the successor servicer all fund relate to the receivables that be hold or later receive by the 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 predecessor servicer and ( ii ) deliver to the successor servicer the receivable file and the account and record maintain by the servicer . the 
 servicer will not be obligate to provide , license or assign its process , procedure , model , servicing software or other application to any 
 successor servicer or any third party , or provide anything cover by a restriction on transfer or assignment or a confidentiality agreement or 
 otherwise restrict by legal , regulatory , privacy or data protection policy . 
 ( c ) expense of servicing transition . all reasonable expense incur by the issuer , the owner trustee , the indenture trustee and the 
 successor servicer in connection with ( i ) the transition of servicing right and obligation to the successor servicer and ( ii ) amend this 
 agreement or enter into an assumption agreement or new agreement to reflect a succession of the servicer will be pay by the resigning or 
 terminate servicer on receipt of an invoice in reasonable detail . 
 section 7.6 merger , consolidation , succession or assignment . any person ( a ) into which the servicer be merge or consolidate , ( b ) 
 result from a merger or consolidation to which the servicer be a party , ( c ) succeed to the servicer ’s business or ( d ) that be an affiliate of the 
 servicer to whom the servicer have assign this agreement , will be the successor to the servicer under this agreement . within fifteen ( 15 ) 
 business day after the merger , consolidation , succession or assignment , such person will ( i ) execute an agreement to assume the servicer ’s 
 obligation under this agreement and each transaction document to which the servicer be a party ( unless the assumption happen by operation of 
 law ) , ( ii ) deliver to the issuer , the owner trustee and the indenture trustee an officer ’s certificate and an opinion of counsel each state that the 
 merger , consolidation , succession or assignment and the assumption agreement comply with this section 7.6 and ( iii ) notify the rating agency of 
 the merger , consolidation , succession or assignment . 
 article viii 
 termination 
 section 8.1 optional acquisition of receivables; clean - up redemption of note . 
 ( a ) optional acquisition . on each payment date follow the last day of a collection period as of which the aggregate principal balance 
 of the receivables shall be equal to or less than 10 of the aggregate principal balance of the receivables as of the closing date , the class a 
 certificateholder ( for as long as the class a certificateholder be an originator or an affiliate of the originator ) , with the consent of the 
 administrator , on behalf of the issuer , shall have the option to acquire , as of the end of the immediately precede collection period , any 
 receivables remain in the trust property on such date by transfer to the issuer an amount equal to the optional acquisition amount ( the 
 " optional acquisition " ) , and to redeem the note , in whole but not in part ( the " clean - up redemption " ) without any make - whole payment ( other 
 than any make - whole payment already due and payable on such date ) . 
 ( b ) exercise of optional acquisition and clean - up redemption of note . the class a certificateholder may exercise its option set forth in 
 section 8.1(a ) by notify the issuer , the servicer , the indenture trustee , the owner trustee and the rating agency , in writing , at least ten ( 10 ) 
 day before the payment date on which the optional acquisition be to be exercise , 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 after receive such notice , the indenture trustee will promptly notify the noteholder of the result clean - up redemption and provide 
 instruction for surrender of the note for final payment include all accrue and unpaid interest and any applicable make - whole payment 
 already due and payable on the note , as set forth in section 10.1(a ) of the indenture . 
 on the payment date relate to the collection period in which the optional acquisition be exercise , the class a certificateholder will 
 deposit into the collection account the acquisition amount for such remain receivables as set forth in section 8.1(a ) equal to the fair market 
 value of such receivables as of the last day of the collection period immediately precede such payment date as agree upon by the class a 
 certificateholder and the issuer ( the " optional acquisition amount”); provide that the transfer may only occur if the optional acquisition 
 amount , together with any amount on deposit in the bank account , be great than or equal to the sum of ( a ) the note balance of the note , any 
 accrued but unpaid interest and any unpaid make - whole payment and ( b ) all other amount payable by the issuer under the transaction 
 document include , but not limit to , all fee , expense and indemnity owe to the indenture trustee and the owner trustee under the 
 transaction document as of such date . for the avoidance of doubt , if the class a certificateholder and the issuer can not agree on the optional 
 acquisition amount , the class a certificateholder will not be permit to exercise its option set forth in section 8.1(a ) . on the payment date on 
 which the optional acquisition be to be exercise , the indenture trustee shall transfer any amount on deposit in the reserve account , the 
 acquisition account and the negative carry account into the collection account . upon the exercise of the optional acquisition , the note will 
 be redeem and pay in full . 
 section 8.2 optional redemption of note . 
 ( a ) optional redemption . on any payment date on and after the payment date in february 2021 , the class a certificateholder ( for as long 
 as the class a certificateholder be an originator or an affiliate of the originator ) , with the consent of the administrator , on behalf of the issuer , 
 shall have the option to redeem the note , in whole but not in part ( the " optional redemption " ) , with a require make - whole payment . 
 ( b ) exercise of optional redemption . the class a certificateholder may exercise its option set forth in section 8.2(a ) by notify the 
 issuer , the servicer , the indenture trustee , the owner trustee and the rating agency , in writing , at least ten ( 10 ) day before the payment date on 
 which the optional redemption be to be exercise . after receive such notice , the indenture trustee will promptly notify the noteholder of the 
 optional redemption and provide instruction for surrender of the note for final payment include all accrue and unpaid interest and any 
 applicable make - whole payment due and payable on the note , as set forth in section 10.1(a ) of the indenture . 
 on the payment date on which the optional redemption be to be exercise , the issuer shall transfer the entire pool of receivables to 
 another verizon special purpose entity or a third - party purchaser and the party receive the receivables shall cause the acquisition amount 
 receive by the issuer for the receivables to be deposit by the issuer ( or the servicer , on its behalf ) into the collection account , which amount 
 shall be equal to the fair market value of such receivables as of the last day of the collection period immediately precede such payment date as 
 agree upon by the class a certificateholder and the issuer; provide that the transfer 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 may only occur if the amount receive in connection with any such transfer , together with any amount on deposit in the bank account , be great 
 than or equal to the sum of ( a ) the note balance of the note , any accrued but unpaid interest and any unpaid make - whole payment and ( b ) all 
 other amount payable by the issuer under the transaction document include , but not limit to , all fee , expense and indemnity owe to the 
 indenture trustee and the owner trustee under the transaction document as of such date . on the payment date on which the optional 
 redemption be to be exercise , the indenture trustee shall transfer any amount on deposit in the reserve account , the acquisition account and 
 the negative carry account into the collection account . upon the exercise of the optional redemption , the note will be redeem and pay in 
 full . 
 section 8.3 termination . this agreement will terminate on the early to occur of ( a ) the date upon which the last remain receivable be 
 pay in full , settle , sell or write off and any amount receive be apply and ( b ) the issuer be terminate under section 8.1 of the trust 
 agreement . 
 article ix 
 other agreement 
 section 9.1 financing statement . 
 ( a ) filing of financing statement . the depositor will file financing and continuation statement , and amendment to the statement , in the 
 jurisdiction and with the filing office necessary to perfect the issuer ’s interest in the depositor transfer property . the depositor will promptly 
 deliver to the issuer and the indenture trustee file - stamp copy of , or file receipt for , any financing statement , continuation statement and 
 amendment to a previously file financing statement . 
 ( b ) issuer and indenture trustee authorize to file financing statement . the depositor authorize the issuer and the indenture trustee 
 ( but the indenture trustee will not be require to do so ) to file financing and continuation statement , and amendment to the statement , in the 
 jurisdiction and with the filing office as the issuer or the indenture trustee may determine be necessary or advisable to perfect the issuer ’s 
 interest in the depositor transfer property . the financing and continuation statement may describe the depositor transfer property as the 
 issuer or the indenture trustee may reasonably determine to perfect the issuer ’s interest in the depositor transfer property . the issuer or the 
 indenture trustee ( with respect to the indenture trustee , solely to the extent it have elect to make such filing ) will promptly deliver to the 
 depositor file - stamp copy of , or file receipt for , any financing statement , continuation statement and amendment to a previously file 
 financing statement . the permissive right of the indenture trustee to file any financing statement shall not be construe as a duty or obligation . 
 ( c ) relocation of depositor . the depositor will notify the owner trustee and the indenture trustee at least ten ( 10 ) day before a 
 relocation of its chief executive office or change in its corporate structure , form of organization or jurisdiction of organization if it could require the 
 filing of a new financing statement or an amendment to a previously file financing statement under section 9 - 307 of the ucc . if require , the 
 depositor will promptly file new 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 financing statement or amendment to all previously file financing statement . the depositor will maintain its chief executive office within the 
 united states and will maintain its jurisdiction of organization in only one state . 
 ( d ) change of depositor ’s name . the depositor will notify the owner trustee and the indenture trustee at least ten ( 10 ) day before any 
 change in the depositor ’s name that could make a financing statement file under this section 9.1 seriously mislead under section 9 - 506 of the 
 ucc . if require , the depositor will promptly file amendment to all previously file financing statement . 
 section 9.2 no transfer or lien by depositor . except for the transfer and assignment under this agreement , the depositor will not transfer 
 or assign any depositor transfer property to another person or grant or allow a lien , other than a permit lien , on an interest in any 
 depositor transfer property . the depositor will defend the issuer ’s interest in the depositor transfer property against claim of third party 
 claim through the depositor . 
 section 9.3 expense . the depositor will pay the expense to perform its obligation under this agreement and the issuer ’s and the 
 indenture trustee ’s reasonable expense to perfect the issuer ’s interest in the depositor transfer property and to enforce the depositor ’s 
 obligation under this agreement . 
 section 9.4 receivables information . 
 ( a ) servicer ’s receivables system . on and after the closing date or acquisition date , as applicable , until a receivable have be pay in 
 full , acquire or sell to a third party under section 3.4 , the servicer will mark its receivables system to indicate clearly that the receivable be own 
 by the issuer and have be pledge to the indenture trustee under the indenture . 
 ( b ) list of receivables . if request by the owner trustee or the indenture trustee , the servicer will furnish a list of receivables ( by loan 
 number ) to the owner trustee and the indenture trustee . 
 section 9.5 no petition . the party agree that , before the date that be one year and one day ( or , if long , any applicable preference period ) 
 after the payment in full of ( a ) all security issue by the depositor or by a trust for which the depositor be a depositor or ( b ) the note , it will not 
 start or pursue against , or join any other person in start or pursue against , ( i ) the depositor or ( ii ) the issuer , respectively , any bankruptcy , 
 reorganization , arrangement , insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any bankruptcy or similar law . this section 9.5 will 
 survive the termination of this agreement . 
 section 9.6 limited recourse . each party agree that any claim that it may seek to enforce against the depositor or the issuer under this 
 agreement be limit to the depositor transfer property only and be not a claim against the depositor ’s or the issuer ’s asset as a whole or 
 against asset other than the depositor transfer property . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 section 9.7 limitation of liability . 
 ( a ) owner trustee . this agreement have be sign on behalf of the issuer by wilmington trust , national association not in its 
 individual capacity but solely in its capacity as owner trustee of the issuer . in no event will wilmington trust , national association in its 
 individual capacity or as a beneficial owner of the issuer be liable for the representation , warranty , covenant , agreement or other obligation of 
 the issuer under this agreement . for all purpose under this agreement , the owner trustee be subject to , and entitle to the benefit of , the trust 
 agreement . neither the issuer nor the owner trustee will have any liability for any act or failure to act of the servicer , include any action take 
 under a power of attorney give under this agreement . 
 ( b ) indenture trustee . this agreement have be sign by u.s . bank national association not in its individual capacity but solely in its 
 capacity as indenture trustee . in perform its obligation under this agreement , the indenture trustee be subject to , and entitle to the benefit 
 of , the indenture . the indenture trustee will not have any liability for any act or failure to act of the servicer , the custodian , the marketing agent , 
 the issuer or any other person . 
 section 9.8 tax treatment of note . each of the depositor and the servicer agree to treat the note as indebtedness for u.s . federal , state 
 and local income and franchise tax purpose . 
 section 9.9 regulation rr risk retention . cellco , as sponsor , agree that ( i ) each of the sponsor , the master trust , each originator and 
 the nominee of the originator be under the common control of verizon and therefore , the nominee of the originator ( which nominee be also the sole 
 equityholder of the master trust ) be a " majority - own affiliate " of the sponsor as define in the u.s . credit risk retention rule , ( ii ) the sponsor 
 will cause the nominee of the originator to , and the nominee of the originator will , retain the residual interest on the closing date and ( iii ) the 
 sponsor will not , and will not permit the master trust , the originator or the nominee of the originator to , sell , transfer , finance or hedge the 
 residual interest except as permit by the u.s . credit risk retention rule . 
 section 9.10 cap collateral account . if the cap counterparty be require to post collateral under the term of the cap agreement , upon 
 write direction and notification of such requirement , the servicer shall establish a segregated account ( the " cap collateral account " ) at a 
 qualified institution that ( i ) be not affiliate with the cap counterparty and ( ii ) have total asset of at least 10,000,000,000 ( the " cap custodian " ) , 
 title as an account of the cap counterparty as depositor and entitlement holder . in the event that the cap custodian no long satisfy the 
 requirement set forth in the immediately precede sentence , the issuer , the servicer and the cap counterparty shall use their reasonable good 
 effort to move the cap collateral account and any collateral post therein to another financial institution satisfy the requirement set forth in 
 the immediately precede sentence within sixty ( 60 ) calendar day . the cap collateral account shall be subject to a tri - party account control 
 agreement to be enter into among the cap counterparty , the issuer and the cap custodian ( the " control agreement " ) . the control agreement 
 shall provide , among other customary matter , that ( x ) the cap counterparty shall be entitle to originate entitlement order and instruction , and 
 receive interest and distribution , with respect to the cap collateral account so long as the issuer have not deliver a notice to the 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 cap custodian and the cap counterparty to the effect that the issuer shall have exclusive control over the cap collateral account , ( y ) follow 
 delivery of such notice of exclusive control the cap custodian shall comply with instruction and entitlement order originate by the issuer 
 without further consent by the cap counterparty , and ( z ) the control agreement shall terminate on the fifth business day follow delivery of a 
 notice from the cap counterparty to the cap custodian and the issuer that the cap counterparty have designate an " early termination date " ( as 
 define in the cap agreement ) in respect of all " transaction " ( as define in the cap agreement ) for the reason that the issuer be the " defaulting 
 party " ( as define in the cap agreement ) or the sole " affected party " ( as define in the cap agreement ) with respect to a " termination event " ( as 
 define in the cap agreement ) , unless such notice be contest by the issuer within such period of five ( 5 ) business day . the issuer agree that it 
 shall not assert exclusive control over , or originate entitlement order or instruction for the disposition of fund with respect to , the cap collateral 
 account unless the condition for the exercise of its right and remedy pursuant to the cap agreement be meet and such assertion of exclusive 
 control or origination of instruction or entitlement order be for the purpose of exercise such right and remedy . the only permit withdrawal 
 from or application of fund on deposit in , or otherwise to the credit of , the cap collateral account shall be ( i ) for application to obligation of the 
 cap counterparty to the issuer under the cap agreement in accordance with the term of the cap agreement or ( ii ) to return collateral to the cap 
 counterparty when and as require by the cap agreement or applicable law . investment earning on the cap collateral account , if any , will be 
 distribute to the cap counterparty . 
 article x 
 miscellaneous 
 section 10.1 amendment . 
 ( a ) amendment to clarify and correct error and defect . the party may amend this agreement ( include appendix a ) to clarify an 
 ambiguity , correct an error or correct or supplement any term of this agreement that may be defective or inconsistent with the other term of this 
 agreement , or to make benchmark replacement conform change , in each case , without the consent of the noteholder , the certificateholder 
 or any other person . the party may amend any term or provision of this agreement ( include appendix a ) from time to time for the purpose of 
 conform the term of this agreement ( include appendix a ) to the description thereof in the prospectus , without the consent of noteholder , 
 the certificateholder or any other person . the administrator may amend any term or provision of this agreement ( include appendix a ) from 
 time to time for the purpose of make benchmark replacement conforming change , without the consent of noteholder , the certificateholder , 
 any party to this agreement or any other person . notice of the occurrence of a benchmark transition event and its related benchmark replacement 
 date , the determination of a benchmark replacement and the making of any benchmark replacement conform change will be deliver in 
 writing by the administrator to the issuer , the owner trustee , a responsible person of the indenture trustee , the parent support provider , the 
 sponsor , the depositor and the servicer and include in the monthly investor report . notwithstanding anything in the transaction document to 
 the contrary , upon the delivery of notice to a responsible person of the indenture trustee and the inclusion of such information in the monthly 
 investor report , the relevant transaction document will be deem to have be amend to reflect the new unadjusted 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 benchmark replacement , benchmark replacement adjustment and/or benchmark replacement conforming change without further compliance 
 with the amendment provision of the relevant transaction document . 
 ( b ) other amendment . other than as set forth in section 10.1(c ) , the party may amend this agreement ( include appendix a ) to add 
 any provision to , or change in any manner or eliminate any provision of , this agreement or for the purpose of modifying in any manner the right 
 of the noteholder under this agreement , with the consent of the certificateholder , either ( 1 ) without the consent of the noteholder if ( x ) the 
 issuer or the administrator deliver an officer ’s certificate to the indenture trustee and the owner trustee state that the amendment will not 
 have a material adverse effect on the noteholder , or ( y ) the rating agency condition be satisfied with respect to such amendment or ( 2 ) if the 
 interest of the noteholder be materially and adversely affect , with the consent of the holder of a majority of the note balance of the 
 controlling class . 
 ( c ) amendment require consent of all affected noteholder and certificateholder . no amendment to this agreement ( include 
 appendix a ) may , without the consent of all adversely affect noteholder and certificateholder , ( i ) change the applicable final maturity date 
 on a note or change the principal amount of or interest rate or make - whole payment on a note; ( ii ) modify the percentage of the note balance of 
 the note or the control class require for any action; ( iii ) modify or alter the definition of " outstanding , " " control class " or " amortization 
 event " , or ( iv ) change the require reserve amount , the require acquisition deposit amount or the require negative carry amount . 
 ( d ) consent of indenture trustee and owner trustee . the consent of the indenture trustee will be require for any amendment under 
 section 10.1(b ) or ( c ) that have a material adverse effect on the right , obligation , immunity or indemnity of the indenture trustee . the consent 
 of the owner trustee will be require for any amendment under section 10.1(b ) or ( c ) that have a material adverse effect on the right , obligation , 
 immunity or indemnity of the owner trustee , which consent will not be unreasonably withhold . 
 ( e ) opinion of counsel . before execute any amendment to this agreement , the owner trustee and the indenture trustee shall be entitle 
 to receive and conclusively rely upon , and the depositor will deliver , an opinion of counsel state that the execution of the amendment be 
 permit by this agreement and all condition precedent thereto have be satisfy . 
 ( f ) notice of amendment . promptly after the execution of an amendment , the depositor will deliver , or will cause the administrator to 
 deliver , a copy of the amendment to the indenture trustee and the rating agency , and the indenture trustee will notify the noteholder of the 
 substance of the amendment . 
 ( g ) noteholder consent . for any amendment to this agreement ( or appendix a ) require the consent of any noteholder , the indenture 
 trustee will , when direct by issuer order , notify the noteholder to request consent and follow its reasonable procedure to obtain consent . it 
 shall not be necessary for the consent of the noteholder to approve the particular form of any propose amendment or consent , but it shall be 
 sufficient if such consent shall 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 approve the substance thereof . for the avoidance of doubt , any noteholder consent to any amendment shall be deem to agree that such 
 amendment do not have a material adverse effect on such noteholder . 
 section 10.2 assignment; benefit of agreement; third - party beneficiary . 
 ( a ) assignment . except as state in section 5.3 , 7.4 and 7.6 , this agreement may not be assign by the depositor or the servicer without 
 the consent of the owner trustee , the indenture trustee , the certificateholder and the noteholder of at least 66 - 2/3 of the note balance of the 
 controlling class . 
 ( b ) benefit of agreement; third - party beneficiary . this agreement be for the benefit of and will be bind on the party and their 
 permit successor and assign . the owner trustee and the indenture trustee , for the benefit of the secured party , will be third - party 
 beneficiary of this agreement and may enforce this agreement against the depositor and the servicer . no other person will have any right or 
 obligation under this agreement . 
 section 10.3 notice . 
 ( a ) notice to party . all notice , request , direction , consent , waiver or other communication to or from the party must be in writing 
 and will be consider receive by the recipient : 
 ( i ) for personally deliver , express or certify mail or courier , when received; 
 ( ii ) for a fax , when receipt be confirm by telephone , reply email or reply fax from the recipient; 
 ( iii ) for an email , when receipt be confirm by telephone or reply email from the recipient; and 
 ( iv ) for an electronic posting to a password - protect website to which the recipient have access , on delivery of an email ( without 
 the requirement of confirmation of receipt ) state that the electronic posting have be make . 
 ( b ) notice address . a notice , request , direction , consent , waiver or other communication must be address to the recipient at its 
 address state in schedule b , which address the party may change at any time by notify the other party . 
 ( c ) notice to noteholder . notice to a noteholder will be consider receive by the noteholder : 
 ( i ) for definitive note , for overnight mail , on delivery or , for register first class mail , postage prepay , three ( 3 ) day after 
 deposit in the mail properly address to the noteholder at its address in the note register; or 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( ii ) for book - entry note , when deliver under the procedure of the clearing agency , whether or not the noteholder actually 
 receive the notice . 
 section 10.4 agent for service . 
 ( a ) depositor . the agent for service of the depositor for this agreement will be the person hold the office of secretary of the depositor 
 at the following address : 
 verizon ab llc 
 one verizon way 
 basking ridge , new jersey 07920 
 ( b ) servicer . the agent for service of the servicer for this agreement will be the person hold the office of secretary of the servicer at the 
 following address : 
 cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless 
 one verizon way 
 basking ridge , new jersey 07920 
 ( c ) marketing agent . the agent for service of the marketing agent for this agreement will be the person hold the office of secretary of 
 the marketing agent at the following address : 
 cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless 
 one verizon way 
 basking ridge , new jersey 07920 
 section 10.5 governing law . this agreement , include the right and duty of the party hereto , shall be 
 govern by , and construe in accordance with , the internal law of the state of new york ( include section 
 5 - 1401 and 5 - 1402 of the general obligation law of the state of new york , but without regard to any otherwise 
 applicable conflict of law principle ) . for purpose of the ucc , new york shall be deem to be the security 
 intermediary ’s jurisdiction , and the law of the state of new york shall govern all issue specify in article 2(1 ) 
 of the hague securities convention . notwithstanding section 10.1 of this agreement , the party will not agree 
 to amend this agreement to change the govern law to any law other than the law of the state of new 
 york . 
 section 10.6 submission to jurisdiction . each party submit to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the united states district court for the 
 southern district of new york and of any new york state court sit in new york , new york for legal proceeding relate to this agreement . 
 each party irrevocably waif , to the full extent permit by law , any objection that it may now or in the future have to the venue of a 
 proceeding bring in such a court and any claim that the proceeding be bring in an inconvenient forum . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 section 10.7 waiver of jury trial . to the extent permit by applicable law , each party hereto irrevocably 
 waif all right of trial by jury in any action , proceeding or counterclaim arise out of , or in connection with , 
 this agreement or any matter arise thereunder whether sound in contract , tort or otherwise . 
 section 10.8 no waiver; remedy . no party ’s failure or delay in exercise a power , right or remedy under this agreement will operate as a 
 waiver . no single or partial exercise of a power , right or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power , right or remedy or the 
 exercise of any other power , right or remedy . the power , right and remedy under this agreement be in addition to any power , right and 
 remedy under law . 
 section 10.9 severability . if a part of this agreement be hold invalid , illegal or unenforceable , then it will be deem severable from the 
 remain agreement and will not affect the validity , legality or enforceability of the remain agreement . 
 section 10.10 heading . the heading in this agreement be include for convenience and will not affect the meaning or interpretation of 
 this agreement . 
 section 10.11 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in multiple counterpart . each counterpart will be an original and all 
 counterpart will together be one document . 
 section 10.12 limitation of right of the cap counterparty . all of the right of the cap counterparty in , to and under this agreement or 
 any other transaction document , other than the cap agreement ( include , but not limit to , the cap counterparty ’s right to receive notice of 
 any action hereunder or under any other transaction document and to give or withhold consent to any action hereunder or under any other 
 transaction document ) , shall terminate upon the termination of the cap agreement in accordance with the term thereof . 
 section 10.13 intent of the parties; reasonableness . the depositor , the servicer and the issuer acknowledge and agree that the purpose of 
 section 6.6 and 6.7 of this agreement be to facilitate compliance by the issuer and the depositor with the provision of regulation ab and related 
 rule and regulation of the commission . none of the depositor , the administrator nor the issuer shall exercise its right to request delivery of 
 information or other performance under these provision other than in good faith , or for purpose other than compliance with the security act , 
 the exchange act and the rule and regulation of the commission thereunder . the servicer acknowledge that interpretation of the requirement 
 of regulation ab may change over time , whether due to interpretive guidance provide by the commission or its staff , consensus among 
 participant in the asset - back security market , advice of counsel , or otherwise , and agree to comply with request make by the issuer or the 
 administrator in good faith for delivery of information under these provision on the basis of evolve interpretation of regulation ab . in 
 connection with this transaction , the servicer shall cooperate fully with the administrator and the issuer to deliver to the administrator or issuer , 
 as applicable ( include any of its assignee or designee ) , any and all statement , report , certification , record and any other information 
 necessary in the good faith determination of the issuer or the administrator to permit the issuer or administrator ( act on behalf of the issuer ) to 
 comply with the provision of regulation ab , together with such disclosure relate to the servicer , any subservicer and 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 the receivables , or the servicing of the receivables , reasonably believe by the issuer or the administrator to be necessary in order to effect such 
 compliance . 
 article xi 
 asset representation review; dispute resolution 
 section 11.1 asset representation review . 
 ( a ) upon the occurrence of a delinquency trigger with respect to any collection period , the servicer will promptly send to the 
 administrator , the indenture trustee and each noteholder ( and to each applicable clearing agency for distribution to note owner in accordance 
 with the rule of such clearing agency ) as of the most recent record date a notice describe ( i ) the occurrence of the delinquency trigger , and 
 include reasonably detailed calculation thereof , and ( ii ) the right of the noteholder and note owner regard an asset representation 
 review ( include a description of the method by which noteholder and note owner may contact the indenture trustee in order to request a 
 noteholder vote in respect of an asset representation review ) . in connection with the foregoing , upon request from the servicer , the indenture 
 trustee shall provide a list of the noteholder of record as of the most recent record date . the notice provide under this section 11.1 ( a ) and the 
 relate 10 - d that be file be the only notice that will be provide to noteholder concern whether the delinquency trigger have occur . 
 ( b ) if the indenture trustee notifie the servicer pursuant to 14.2 of the indenture that sufficient noteholder have vote within the 
 require time to initiate an asset representation review of all 60 - day delinquent receivables by the asset representation reviewer pursuant to 
 the asset representation review agreement , then the servicer shall : 
 ( i ) promptly notify the asset representation reviewer and the indenture trustee of the number of 60 - day delinquent 
 receivables; 
 ( ii ) within sixty ( 60 ) day after receipt by the servicer of that notice from the indenture trustee , render reasonable assistance , 
 include grant access to copy of any underlie document and receivable file and all other relevant document , to the asset 
 representation reviewer to facilitate the performance of a review of all 60 - day delinquent receivables , pursuant to section 3.3(a ) of the 
 asset representation review agreement , in order to verify compliance with the representation and warranty make to the issuer by the 
 depositor; provide , that the servicer shall use its good effort to redact any material provide to the asset representation reviewer in 
 order to remove any personally identifiable information without change the meaning or usefulness of the review materials; and 
 ( iii ) provide such other reasonable assistance to the asset representation reviewer as it request in order to facilitate its asset 
 representation review of the 60 - day delinquent receivables pursuant to the asset representation review agreement . 
 section 11.2 dispute resolution . 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( a ) if ( i ) the issuer or the indenture trustee ( act on behalf of the noteholder ) or ( ii ) any noteholder or verify note owner request , by 
 write notice to ( x ) the indenture trustee ( which will be forward to the related originator or the servicer as applicable ) or ( y ) the related 
 originator or the servicer ( in the case of receivable transfer by the master trust ) ( any such party make a request , the " request party " ) , 
 that a receivable be reacquire or acquire due to an alleged breach of the eligibility representation with respect to that receivable as set forth in 
 section 3.3 of the originator receivables transfer agreement or section 3.3 of the master trust receivables transfer agreement , respectively , and 
 the request have not be fulfil or otherwise resolve to the reasonable satisfaction of the request party within one - hundred eighty ( 180 ) 
 day of the receipt of such request by the related originator or the servicer ( in the case of receivable transfer by the master trust ) , then the 
 request party will have the right to refer the matter , at its discretion , to either mediation ( include non - binding arbitration ) or third - party 
 bind arbitration pursuant to this section 11.2 . dispute resolution to resolve reacquisition or acquisition request will be available regardless of 
 whether noteholder and note owner vote to direct an asset representation review or whether the delinquency trigger occur . the 
 depositor will provide write direction to the indenture trustee instruct it to notify the request party ( directly if the request party be a 
 noteholder and through the applicable clearing agency for distribution to such request party , if the request party be a note owner , in 
 accordance with the rule of such clearing agency ) no later than five ( 5 ) business day after the end of the 180 - day period of the date when the 
 180 - day period end without resolution by the appropriate party , which write direction will specify the identity of the request party and the 
 date as of which that 180 - day period shall have ended; provide , that the indenture trustee shall have no other obligation whatsoever to 
 participate in any dispute resolution , mediation or arbitration to determine if a reacquisition or acquisition request have be resolve within the 
 applicable 180 - day period . the request party must provide notice of its intention to refer the matter to mediation , to refer the matter to 
 arbitration , or to institute a legal proceeding , to the depositor within thirty ( 30 ) day after the delivery of notice of the end of the 180 - day period . 
 the depositor will participate in the resolution method select by the request party . for the avoidance of doubt , the owner trustee shall have 
 no obligation whatsoever to participate in any dispute resolution , mediation or arbitration to determine if a reacquisition or acquisition request have 
 be resolve within the applicable 180 - day period . for the avoidance of doubt , if the indenture trustee do not agree to pursue or otherwise be 
 involve in resolve any reacquisition or acquisition request or dispute resolution proceeding , the relate noteholder or verify note owner 
 may independently pursue dispute resolution in respect of such reacquisition or acquisition . if the indenture trustee bring a dispute resolution 
 action base on noteholder direction to do so , the " request party " shall be deem to be the request note owner ( or the party to the 
 arbitration ) for purpose of the dispute resolution proceeding , include allocation of fee and expense . the indenture trustee shall not be liable 
 for any cost , expense and/or liability allocate to a request party as part of the dispute resolution proceeding . far , the indenture trustee 
 shall be under no obligation under this agreement , any other transaction document or otherwise to monitor reacquisition or acquisition activity or 
 to independently determine which reacquisition or acquisition request remain unresolved after one - hundred eighty ( 180 ) day . 
 ( b ) if the request party select mediation ( include non - binding arbitration ) as the resolution method , the follow provision will 
 apply : 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( i ) the mediation will be administer by jam pursuant to its mediation procedure in effect on the date the arbitration be file . 
 ( ii ) the mediator will be impartial , knowledgeable about and experience with the law of the state of new york and an attorney 
 specialize in commercial litigation with at least 15 year of experience and who will be appoint from a list of neutral maintain by 
 jam . upon be supply a list of at least 10 potential mediator by jam each party will have the right to exercise two peremptory 
 challenge within fourteen ( 14 ) day and to rank the remain potential mediator in order of preference jam will select the mediator 
 from the remain attorney on the list respect the preference choice of the party to the extent possible . 
 ( iii ) the party will use commercially reasonable effort to begin the mediation within thirty ( 30 ) day of the selection of the 
 mediator and to conclude the mediation within sixty ( 60 ) day of the start of the mediation . 
 ( iv ) the fee and expense of the mediation will be allocate as mutually agree by the party as part of the mediation . 
 ( c ) if the request party select bind arbitration as the resolution method , the follow provision will apply : 
 ( i ) the arbitration will be administer by the aaa pursuant its arbitration rule in effect on the date the arbitration be file . 
 ( ii ) the arbitral panel will consist of three member , ( i ) one to be appoint by the request party within five ( 5 ) business day 
 of provide notice to the depositor of its selection of arbitration , ( ii ) one to be appoint by the depositor within five ( 5 ) business day 
 of that appointment and ( iii ) the third , who will preside over the panel , to be choose by the two party - appoint arbitrator within five ( 5 ) 
 business day of the second appointment . if any party fail to appoint an arbitrator or the two party - appoint arbitrator fail to appoint 
 the third within the state time period , then the appointment will be make by aaa pursuant to the arbitration rule . in each such case , 
 each arbitrator will be impartial , knowledgeable about and experience with the law of the state of new york and an attorney specialize 
 in commercial litigation with at least 15 year of experience . 
 ( iii ) each arbitrator will be independent and will abide by the code of ethic for arbitrator in commercial dispute in effect as of 
 the date of this agreement . prior to accept an appointment , each arbitrator must promptly disclose any circumstance likely to create a 
 reasonable inference of bias or conflict of interest or likely to preclude completion of the hearing within the prescribed time schedule . 
 any arbitrator may be remove by aaa for cause consist of actual bias , conflict of interest or other serious potential for conflict . 
 ( iv ) after consult with the party , the arbitral panel will devise procedure and deadline for the arbitration , to the extent not 
 already agree to by the party , with the goal of expedite the proceeding and complete the arbitration within ninety ( 90 ) 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 day after appointment . the arbitral panel will have the authority to schedule , hear , and determine any and all motion , include 
 dispositive and discovery motion , in accordance with then - prevail new york law ( include prehearing and post hear motion ) , and 
 will do so on the motion of any party to the arbitration . 
 ( v ) notwithstanding whatever other discovery may be available under the rule , unless otherwise agree by the party , each 
 party to the arbitration will be presumptively limit to the follow discovery in the arbitration : ( a ) four witness deposition not to 
 exceed five hour , and ( b ) one set of interrogation , document request , and request for admissions; provide that the arbitral panel will 
 have the ability to grant the party , or either of they , additional discovery to the extent that the arbitral panel determine good cause be 
 show that such additional discovery be reasonable and necessary . 
 ( vi ) the arbitral panel will make its final determination no later than ninety ( 90 ) day after appointment . the arbitral panel will 
 resolve the dispute in accordance with the term of this agreement , and may not modify or change this agreement in any way . the arbitral 
 panel will not have the power to award punitive damage or consequential damage in any arbitration conduct by they . in its final 
 determination , the arbitral panel will determine and award the cost of the arbitration ( include the fee of the arbitral panel , cost of any 
 record or transcript of the arbitration , and administrative fee ) and reasonable attorney ’ fee to the party as determine by the arbitral 
 panel in its reasonable discretion . the determination in any bind arbitration of the arbitral panel will be in writing and counterpart 
 copy will be promptly deliver to the party . the determination will be final and non - appealable and may be enforce in any court of 
 competent jurisdiction . 
 ( vii ) by select bind arbitration , the select party be give up the right to sue in court , include the right to a trial by jury . 
 ( viii ) no person may bring class or collective claim in arbitration even if the arbitration rule would allow they . 
 notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , the arbitral panel may award money or injunctive relief in favor of the individual party 
 seek relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warrant by that party ’s individual claim . 
 ( d ) the follow provision will apply to both mediation and arbitration : 
 ( i ) any mediation or arbitration will be hold in new york , new york; and 
 ( ii ) the detail and/or existence of any unfulfilled reacquisition or acquisition request , any informal meeting , mediation or 
 arbitration proceeding conduct under this section 11.2 , include all offer , promise , conduct and statement , whether oral or write , 
 make in the course of the party ’ attempt to informally resolve an unfulfilled reacquisition or acquisition request , and any discovery take 
 in connection with any arbitration , will be confidential , privileged and inadmissible for any purpose , include impeachment , in any 
 mediation , arbitration or litigation , or other proceeding ( include 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 any proceeding under this section 11.2 ) . this information will be keep strictly confidential and will not be disclose or discuss with any 
 third party ( exclude a party ’s attorney , expert , accountant and other agent and representative , as reasonably require in 
 connection with any resolution procedure under this section 11.2 ) , except as otherwise require by law , regulatory requirement or court 
 order . if any party to a resolution procedure receive a subpoena or other request for information from a third party ( other than a 
 governmental regulatory body ) for such confidential information , the recipient will promptly notify the other party to the resolution 
 procedure and will provide the other party with the opportunity to object to the production of its confidential information . 
 [ remainder of page leave blank ] 

 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 in witness whereof , the undersigned have cause this agreement to be execute by its duly authorize officer as of the date and year 
 first above write . 
 verizon ab llc , 
 as depositor 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 verizon owner trust 2020 - a , 
 as issuer 
 by : wilmington trust , national association , 
 not in its individual capacity but solely as owner 
 trustee of verizon owner trust 2020 - a 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless , 
 as servicer , market agent and custodian 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 agree and accept by : 
 u.s . bank national association , 
 not in its individual capacity 
 but solely as indenture trustee 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 solely with respect to section 4.1(f ): 
 u.s . bank national association , 
 not in its individual capacity but solely as security intermediary 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 wilmington trust , national association , 
 not in its individual capacity 
 but solely as owner trustee 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless , 
 solely with respect to the obligation set forth in section 7.1 , 
 in its individual capacity 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless , 
 as sponsor , solely with respect to the obligation set forth in 
 section 3.5(a)(ii ) and section 9.9 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 schedule a 
 schedule of initial receivables 
 deliver electronically to indenture trustee at closing 
 sa-1 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 schedule b 
 notice address 
 1 . 
 if to cellco , in its individual capacity or as servicer , market agent , custodian or administrator : 
 cellco partnership 
 one verizon way 
 basking ridge , new jersey 07920 
 attention : assistant treasurer 
 telephone : 908 - 559 - 5870 
 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 
 2 . 
 if to the depositor : 
 verizon ab llc 
 one verizon way 
 basking ridge , new jersey 07920 
 attention : chief financial officer 
 telephone : 908 - 559 - 5870 
 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 
 with a copy to : 
 cellco partnership 
 one verizon way 
 basking ridge , new jersey 07920 
 attention : assistant treasurer 
 telephone : 908 - 559 - 5870 
 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 
 3 . 
 if to the issuer : 
 c / o the owner trustee at the corporate trust office of the owner trustee 
 with copy to : 
 cellco partnership 
 one verizon way 
 basking ridge , new jersey 07920 
 attention : assistant treasurer 
 telephone : 908 - 559 - 5870 
 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 
 sb-1 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 4 . 
 if to the parent support provider : 
 verizon communications inc . 
 1095 avenue of the america 
 new york , new york 10036 
 attn : assistant treasurer 
 telephone : 908 - 559 - 5870 
 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 
 5 . 
 if to the owner trustee , at the corporate trust office of the owner trustee 
 6 . 
 if to the indenture trustee , at the corporate trust office of the indenture trustee 
 7 . 
 if to s&p : 
 s&p global rating 
 55 water street 
 new york , new york 10041 
 attention : asset back surveillance department 
 telephone : ( 212 ) 438 - 1000 
 fax : ( 212 ) 438 - 2649 
 8 . 
 if to moody ’s : 
 moody ’s investors service , inc . 
 ab monitor department 
 7 world trade center 
 250 greenwich street 
 new york , new york 10007 
 email : abssurveillancemoodys.com 
 9 . if to the cap counterparty : 
 bank of america merrill lynch 
 1133 avenue of the america 
 42nd floor , ny1 - 533 - 42 - 01 
 new york , ny 10036 - 6710 
 attention : agreement & documentation 
 facsimile no . : ( 212 ) 548 - 8622 
 with a copy to : dg.dg_gmg_cid_fax_noticesbofasecurities.com 
 10 . if to the asset representation reviewer : 
 pentalpha surveillance llc 
 375 n french rd suite 100 
 amherst ny 14228 
 sb-2 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 attention : vzot 2020 - a transaction manager 
 telephone : ( 716 ) 418 - 1634 
 fax : ( 716 ) 204 - 5902 
 email : noticespentalphasurveillance.com ( with vzot 2020 - a in the subject line ) 
 sb-3 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 appendix a 
 usage and definition 
 verizon owner trust 2020 - a 
 usage 
 the follow usage rule apply to this appendix , any document that incorporate this appendix and any document deliver under any such 
 document : 
 ( a ) the term " document " include any document , agreement , instrument , certificate , notice , report , statement or other writing , whether in 
 electronic or physical form . 
 ( b ) accounting term not define or not completely define in this appendix will have the meaning give to they under generally 
 accept accounting principle , international financial reporting standard or other applicable accounting principle in effect in the united states 
 on the date of the document that incorporate this appendix . 
 ( c ) reference to " article , " " section , " " exhibit , " " schedule , " " appendix " or another subdivision of or to an attachment be , unless 
 otherwise state , to an article , section , exhibit , schedule , appendix or subdivision of or an attachment to the document in which the reference 
 appear . 
 ( d ) any document define or refer to in this appendix or in any document that incorporate this appendix mean the document as 
 amend , modify , supplement , restate or replace , include by waiver or consent , and include all attachment to and instrument 
 incorporate in the document . 
 ( e ) any statute define or refer to in this appendix or in any document that incorporate this appendix mean the statute as amend , 
 modify , supplement , restate or replace , include by succession of comparable successor statute , and include any rule and regulation 
 under the statute and any judicial and administrative interpretation of the statute . 
 ( f ) reference to " law " or " applicable law " in this appendix or in any document that incorporate this appendix include all rule and 
 regulation enact under such law . 
 ( g ) the calculation of any amount as of a cutoff date or any other day , unless otherwise state , will be determine as of the end of that 
 calendar day after the application or processing of any fund , payment and other transaction on that day . 
 ( h ) reference to deposit , transfer and payment of any fund refer to deposit , transfer or payment of such fund in immediately 
 available fund . 
 ( i ) the term define in this appendix apply to the singular and plural form of those term . 
 a-1 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( j ) the term " include " mean " include without limitation . " 
 ( k ) reference to a person be also to its permit successor and assign , whether in its individual or representative capacity . 
 ( l ) in the computation of period of time from one date to or through a later date , the word " from " mean " from and include , " the word 
 " to " mean " to but exclude , " and the word " through " mean " to and include . " 
 ( m ) except where " not less than zero " or similar language be indicate , amount determine by reference to a mathematical formula may be 
 positive or negative . 
 ( n ) reference to a month , quarter or year be , unless otherwise state , to a calendar month , calendar quarter or calendar year . 
 ( o ) no person will be deem to have " knowledge " of a particular event or occurrence for purpose of any document that incorporate this 
 appendix , unless either ( i ) a responsible person of the person have actual knowledge of the event or occurrence or ( ii ) the person have receive 
 notice of the event or occurrence accord to any transaction document . 
 definition 
 " 60 - day delinquent receivable " mean , for any date of determination , a receivable for which there be unpaid charge remain on the 
 account sixty ( 60 ) day after the bill ’s date due; provide that a write - off receivable be not consider a 60 - day delinquent receivable . 
 " aaa " mean the american arbitration association . 
 " account control agreement " mean the account control agreement , date as of the closing date , among the issuer , as grantor , the 
 indenture trustee , as secured party , and u.s . bank national association , in its capacity as both a " security intermediary " as define in section 8- 
 102 of the ucc and a " bank " as define in section 9 - 102 of the ucc , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " accrue note interest " mean , for a class and a payment date , the sum of the note monthly interest and the note interest shortfall . 
 " acquire receivable " mean , for a collection period , a receivable ( a ) acquire by the servicer under section 3.3 of the transfer and 
 servicing agreement , ( b ) acquire by the marketing agent under section 4.3(i ) of the transfer and servicing agreement , ( c ) reacquire by an 
 originator under section 3.4 or 4.6 of the originator receivables transfer agreement , or ( d ) acquire by the servicer under section 3.4 or 4.7 of the 
 master trust receivables transfer agreement and for which , in each case , the acquisition or reacquisition be effective during the collection period 
 and the acquisition amount be include in available fund for the related payment date . 
 a-2 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " acquisition account " mean the subaccount of the collection account establish under section 4.1(a ) of the transfer and servicing 
 agreement . 
 " acquisition amount " mean , for an acquire receivable for which the acquisition amount be to be include in available fund for a 
 payment date , the excess of ( i ) the present value of the principal balance of the receivable as of the last day of the collection period immediately 
 precede the related collection period ( calculate use the discount rate on the basis of a 360 - day year of twelve 30 - day month and assume 
 each amount be receive at the end of the collection period in which the amount be schedule to be receive ) over ( ii ) all cash collection and any 
 other cash proceed receive by the issuer on the related receivable from ( but exclude ) the last day of the collection period immediately 
 precede the related collection period to the day on which such receivable become an acquire receivable . 
 " acquisition date " mean each date during the revolving period on which the issuer acquire additional receivables under section 
 2.1(b ) of the transfer and servicing agreement and the depositor acquire additional receivables under section 2.1(b ) of the originator 
 receivables transfer agreement or section 2.1(a ) of the master trust receivables transfer agreement; provide that there shall be no more than 
 five ( 5 ) acquisition date in any calendar month . 
 " acquisition date supplement " mean , for any collection period that include an acquisition date , the supplement ( which may be 
 incorporate into the monthly investor report ) deliver by the servicer set forth ( a ) the aggregate principal balance as of the cutoff date for 
 the additional receivables transfer by the issuer , ( b ) the additional receivables transfer amount for such acquisition date , ( c ) the amount in 
 the acquisition account on such acquisition date , ( d ) the yield supplement overcollateralization amount for such acquisition date and ( e ) the 
 result of the credit enhancement test , the pool composition test and the floor credit enhancement composition test as of such acquisition 
 date . 
 " acquisition deposit amount " mean , for any payment date during the revolving period , an amount equal to ( a ) the require 
 acquisition deposit amount minus ( b ) the amount on deposit in the acquisition account on such payment date ( before payment under section 
 8.2(c ) of the indenture on that payment date ) . 
 " additional originator " have the meaning state in section 6.11 of the originator receivables transfer agreement . 
 " additional receivable " mean any device payment plan agreement acquire by the issuer on an acquisition date and list on the 
 schedule of receivable attach to a transfer notice deliver to the issuer and the indenture trustee in connection with such acquisition date . 
 " additional receivables cash transfer amount " mean , for an acquisition date , the less of ( x ) the additional receivables transfer 
 amount and ( y ) the amount on deposit in the acquisition account on such acquisition date . 
 a-3 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " additional receivables transfer amount " mean , for an acquisition date , an amount equal to the discount present value of the 
 remain payment ( after the end of the calendar day on the related cutoff date ) for the remain term of such additional receivable discount 
 use the discount rate . 
 " additional successor servicer fee " mean , for any payment date , the excess , if any , of ( x ) 425,000 over ( y ) the servicing fee . 
 " additional trust property " mean , for any acquisition date , ( a ) the depositor transfer property for that acquisition date , ( b ) all 
 present and future claim , demand , cause of action and chose in action for any of the foregoing , and ( c ) all payment on or under and all 
 proceed for any of the foregoing . 
 " adjust pool balance " mean , on the closing date , an amount equal to : 
 ( a ) the initial pool balance; minus 
 ( b ) the yield supplement overcollateralization amount for the close date; 
 and mean , on a payment date or acquisition date , an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to : 
 ( a ) the pool balance as of the last day of the collection period immediately precede such payment date or acquisition date; minus 
 ( b ) the yield supplement overcollateralization amount for such payment date or acquisition date . 
 " administration agreement " mean the administration agreement , date as of the closing date , between the administrator and the 
 issuer , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " administrator " mean cellco , in its capacity as administrator under the administration agreement . 
 " adverse claim " mean any lien other than a permit lien . 
 " affiliate " mean , for a specified person ( other than a natural person ) , ( a ) another person control , control by or under common 
 control with the specified person , ( b ) any other person beneficially own or control more than fifty percent ( 50 ) of the outstanding voting 
 security or right of or interest in the capital , distribution or profit of the specified person or ( c ) any control shareholder of , or partner in , the 
 specify person . for the purpose of this definition , " control " when use with respect to any person mean the direct or indirect possession of the 
 power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policy of the person , whether through ownership , by contract , arrangement or 
 understanding , or otherwise . 
 " amortization event " mean the occurrence of any of the follow : 
 a-4 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( a ) the issuer fail on a payment date during the revolving period to ( i ) pay the accrued note interest on the note , ( ii ) have the require 
 reserve amount on deposit in the reserve account or ( iii ) have the require negative carry amount on deposit in the negative carry 
 account; 
 ( b ) for any payment date , the sum of the fraction , express as percentage for each of the three collection period immediately 
 precede such payment date , calculate by divide the aggregate principal balance of write - off receivables during each of those 
 collection period by the pool balance as of the first day of each of those collection period , multiply by four , exceed 10.00 , as 
 determine by the servicer at least two ( 2 ) business day before each payment date; 
 ( c ) for any payment date , the sum of the fraction , express as percentage for each of the three collection period immediately 
 precede such payment date , calculate by divide the aggregate principal balance of all receivable that be ninety - one ( 91 ) day or 
 more delinquent at the end of each of those collection period by the pool balance as of the last day of each of those collection period , 
 divide by three , exceed 2.00 , as determine by the servicer at least two ( 2 ) business day before each payment date; 
 ( d ) the adjusted pool balance be less than 50.00 of the aggregate note balance of the notes; 
 ( e ) on any payment date , after give effect to all payment to be make on such payment date pursuant to section 8.2 of the indenture and 
 the acquisition of additional receivables on that date , the amount of overcollateralization for the note be not at least equal to the 
 overcollateralization target amount; provide , that if the overcollateralization target amount be not reach on any payment date solely 
 due to a change in the percentage use to calculate such overcollateralization target amount , such an event will not constitute an 
 " amortization event " unless the overcollateralization target amount be not reach by the end of the third month after the related 
 payment date; 
 ( f ) a servicer termination event have occur and be continuing; or 
 ( g ) an event of default have occur and be continue . 
 " amortization period " mean the payment date begin on the early of ( i ) the payment date in february 2022 or ( ii ) the payment date 
 on or immediately follow the date on which an amortization event occur and end on the early of ( a ) the payment date on which each class 
 of note have be pay in full and ( b ) the final maturity date . 
 " amount finance " mean , for a receivable , the amount of credit provide to the obligor for the purchase of the related device . 
 a-5 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " annual percentage rate " or " apr " of a receivable mean the annual rate of finance charge state in the receivable or in any federal 
 truth - in - lending act correction notice relate to the receivable . 
 " annual upgrade offer " mean the annual upgrade offer extend by verizon wireless as of the date hereof to an exist obligor under 
 which such obligor can upgrade certain specify device that be the subject of a device payment plan agreement if the follow term and 
 condition specify in such offer be satisfy : 
 • 
 the customer may be able to upgrade an eligible device for a new qualifying device after thirty ( 30 ) day provide that such customer 
 have pay at least 50 of the retail price of the eligible device under the related device payment plan agreement and return such eligible 
 device to verizon wireless in good working condition with no significant damage as determine by verizon wireless; 
 • 
 the customer be require to purchase a new qualifying device under a new device payment plan agreement . new device purchase be 
 subject to then - available offer and any associate wireless service requirements; 
 • 
 a customer ’s account must be in good standing and such customer must satisfy verizon wireless ' eligibility requirement for a new 
 device payment plan agreement; 
 • 
 upon enter into a device payment plan agreement for a new qualifying device , and after return the eligible device to verizon 
 wireless within fourteen ( 14 ) day , verizon wireless will agree , for the benefit of such customer and for the express benefit of any 
 assignee of such customer ’s original device payment plan agreement , to acquire such customer ’s eligible device for the remain 
 balance of the relate customer ’s original device payment plan agreement and pay off and settle that remain balance . after verizon 
 wireless do that , such customer ’s only remain obligation will be under the new device payment plan agreement and for 
 associate wireless service; 
 • 
 if a customer do not return an eligible device when upgrading , or if it be not return to verizon wireless in good working condition , 
 in each case the remain balance under such customer ’s original device payment plan agreement will be due on such customer ’s next 
 bill . good working condition require , among other thing , that the customer ’s return device power on and off , do not have a 
 crack screen , have no significant damage as determine by verizon wireless , and have all password - protect security feature ( e.g. , 
 find my iphone ) turn off; 
 • 
 the annual upgrade offer and the related term and condition may be modify or terminate by verizon wireless at any time . a 
 customer ’s upgrade eligibility will be determine in the sole discretion of verizon wireless . if the annual upgrade offer be terminate or 
 the related term and condition be not satisfied , a customer will remain responsible for the remain balance due under the original 
 device payment plan agreement . 
 a-6 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " applicable anti - money laundering law " have the meaning state in section 6.8 of the trust agreement . 
 " arbitration rule " mean the aaa ’s commercial arbitration rule and mediation procedure . 
 " asset representation review " mean , follow the occurrence of a delinquency trigger , the review of 60 - day delinquent receivables 
 to be undertake by the asset representation reviewer pursuant to the term of the asset representation review agreement . 
 " asset representation review agreement " mean the asset representation review agreement , date as of the closing date , among 
 the asset representation reviewer , the issuer , the servicer and the administrator . 
 " asset representation reviewer " mean pentalpha surveillance llc , or any successor asset representation reviewer under the asset 
 representation review agreement . 
 " asset representation reviewer fee " mean ( i ) a monthly fee equal to 416.67 per month , payable on each payment date , and ( ii ) the 
 amount of any fee payable to the asset representation reviewer in connection with its review of 60 - day delinquent receivables in accordance 
 with the term of the asset representation review agreement . 
 " assume amortization schedule " mean , for each class of note , an amortization that result in the note balance for such class on any 
 future payment date be equal to the percentage of the initial note balance of such class show in the decrement table for such class set forth 
 under " maturity and prepayment consideration - weight average life " in the prospectus , use a prepayment assumption percentage of 100 
 and assume exercise of the optional acquisition on the early applicable payment date . 
 " authenticate agent " have the meaning state in section 2.14(a ) of the indenture . 
 " available fund " mean , for a payment date , the sum of the follow amount for the 
 payment date ( without duplication ): 
 ( a ) collection on the receivables ( other than temporarily exclude receivables ) for the related collection period in the collection 
 account; plus 
 ( b ) acquisition amount receive on receivables that become acquire receivables during the related collection period and any 
 amount in respect of acquisition amount pay by the parent support provider; plus 
 ( c ) credit payment receive on receivables from the marketing agent or the related originator during the related collection period and 
 any amount in respect of credit payment pay by the parent support provider; plus 
 a-7 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( d ) upgrade payment receive from the marketing agent or the related originator on receivables subject to an upgrade offer during 
 the related collection period and any amount in respect of upgrade payment pay by the parent support provider; plus 
 ( e ) any amount deposit by the class a certificateholder to acquire the receivables on the payment date under section 8.1 of the 
 transfer and servicing agreement or any amount receive by the issuer from a transferee of the receivables under section 8.2 of the 
 transfer and service agreement; plus 
 ( f ) the negative carry account draw amount , if any; plus 
 ( g ) the reserve account draw amount , if any , and , after withdraw the reserve account draw amount from the reserve account , any 
 amount in excess of the require reserve amount remain on deposit in the reserve account; plus 
 ( h ) the amount , if any , deposit into the collection account from the negative carry account and , on the first payment date during the 
 amortization period , the entire amount on deposit in the negative carry account and the acquisition account; plus 
 ( i ) any cap payment pay by the cap counterparty to the issuer under the cap agreement and deposit into the collection account . 
 " bank account " mean the collection account , the reserve account , the acquisition account and the negative carry account . 
 " bankruptcy action " have the meaning state in section 5.5 of the trust agreement . 
 " bankruptcy code " mean the united states bankruptcy code , 11 u.s.c . 101 et seq . 
 " bankruptcy surrender receivable " mean any receivable that be secure by the related device and be not a write - off receivable for 
 which ( i ) the related obligor have enter into a bankruptcy proceeding and ( ii ) the servicer have accept the surrender of the related device in 
 satisfaction of the receivable . 
 " benchmark " mean , initially , one - month libor; provide that if a benchmark transition event and its related benchmark replacement 
 date have occur with respect to one - month libor or the then - current benchmark , then " benchmark " mean the applicable benchmark 
 replacement . 
 " benchmark administrator " mean , ( 1 ) with respect to one - month libor , the ice benchmark administration limit , ( 2 ) with respect to 
 sofr , the federal reserve bank of new york and ( 3 ) with respect to any other benchmark , the entity responsible for administration of such 
 benchmark ( or in each case , any successor administrator ) . 
 a-8 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " benchmark replacement " mean the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determine by the administrator as of the 
 benchmark replacement date : 
 ( 1 ) 
 the sum of ( a ) term sofr and ( b ) the benchmark replacement adjustment , provide that there have be no official public 
 statement or publication of information by the benchmark administrator or the regulatory supervisor for the benchmark 
 administrator announce that term sofr be not yet representative that have not be either withdraw or supersede by a 
 similar official public statement or publication that term sofr have become representative , 
 ( 2 ) 
 the sum of ( a ) compound sofr and ( b ) the benchmark replacement adjustment , 
 ( 3 ) 
 the sum of ( a ) the isda fallback rate and ( b ) the benchmark replacement adjustment , 
 ( 4 ) 
 the sum of ( a ) the alternate rate of interest that have be select or recommend by the relevant governmental body as the 
 replacement for the then - current benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor and ( b ) the benchmark replacement 
 adjustment , and 
 ( 5 ) 
 the sum of ( a ) the alternate rate of interest that have be select by the administrator in its reasonable discretion as the 
 replacement for the then - current benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor and ( b ) the benchmark replacement 
 adjustment . 
 " benchmark replacement adjustment " mean the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determine by the administrator 
 as of the benchmark replacement date : 
 ( 1 ) 
 the spread adjustment , or method for calculate or determine such spread adjustment ( which may be a positive or negative 
 value or zero ) , that have be select or recommend by the relevant governmental body for the applicable unadjusted 
 benchmark replacement , 
 ( 2 ) 
 if the applicable unadjusted benchmark replacement be equivalent to the isda fallback rate , then the isda fallback 
 adjustment , and 
 ( 3 ) 
 the spread adjustment ( which may be a positive or negative value or zero ) that have be select by the administrator in its 
 reasonable discretion for the replacement of the then - current benchmark with the applicable unadjusted benchmark replacement . 
 " benchmark replacement conform change " mean , with respect to any benchmark replacement , any technical , administrative or 
 operational change ( include change to the timing and frequency of determine rate and make payment of interest , and other administrative 
 matter ) that the administrator decide in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such benchmark replacement in a 
 manner substantially consistent with market practice ( or , if the administrator decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice be not 
 administratively feasible or if the administrator determine that no 
 a-9 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 market practice for use of the benchmark replacement exist , in such other manner as the administrator determine in its reasonable discretion be 
 reasonably necessary ) . 
 " benchmark replacement date " mean : 
 ( 1 ) 
 in the case of clause ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of the definition of " benchmark transition event " , the later of ( a ) the date of the relate official 
 public statement or publication of information reference therein and ( b ) the date on which the applicable benchmark 
 administrator permanently or indefinitely cease to provide the benchmark , or 
 ( 2 ) 
 in the case of clause ( 3 ) of the definition of " benchmark transition event " , the date of the official public statement or publication 
 of information . 
 for the avoidance of doubt , if the event give rise to the benchmark replacement date occur on the same day as , but early than , the 
 reference time in respect of any determination , the benchmark replacement date shall be deem to have occur prior to the reference time for 
 such determination . 
 " benchmark transition event " mean the occurrence of one or more of the follow event with respect to the then - current benchmark : 
 ( 1 ) 
 an official public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the benchmark administrator announce that such 
 benchmark administrator have cease or will cease to provide the benchmark , permanently or indefinitely; provide , that , at the 
 time of such statement or publication , there be no successor benchmark administrator that will continue to provide the 
 benchmark , 
 ( 2 ) an official public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the benchmark administrator , the central bank 
 for the currency of the benchmark , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the benchmark administrator , a resolution 
 authority with jurisdiction over the benchmark administrator or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
 authority over the benchmark administrator , which state that the benchmark administrator have cease or will cease to provide 
 the benchmark permanently or indefinitely; provide , that , at the time of such statement or publication , there be no successor 
 benchmark administrator that will continue to provide the benchmark , or 
 ( 3 ) an official public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the benchmark administrator announce that 
 the benchmark be no long representative . 
 " beneficiary " have the meaning state in the parent support agreement . 
 " benefit plan " mean an " employee benefit plan " as define in section 3(3 ) of erisa , which be subject to the provision of title I of 
 erisa , a " plan " describe in and subject to 
 a-10 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 section 4975 of the code , an entity whose underlie asset include " plan asset " by reason of an employee benefit plan ’s or plan ’s investment in 
 the entity or any other employee benefit plan that be subject to any similar law . 
 " book - entry note " mean any of the note issue in book - entry form under section 2.12 of the indenture . 
 " business day " mean any day other than ( a ) a saturday , sunday or other day on which bank in new york , new york or any jurisdiction 
 in which the corporate trust office of the indenture trustee or the owner trustee be locate be authorize or require to close or ( b ) a holiday on 
 the federal reserve calendar . 
 " cap agreement " mean the interest rate cap agreement relate to the class a-1b note consist of the 2002 isda master agreement 
 ( multicurrency cross - border ) , schedule and credit support annex , each date as of january 24 , 2020 , and the confirmation , date on or about 
 january 23 , 2020 , in each case , between the issuer and the cap counterparty , as such agreement may be amend and supplement from time to 
 time in accordance with its term . 
 " cap collateral account " mean the account or account , if any , establish under section 9.10 of the transfer and servicing agreement 
 as require by the term of the cap agreement . 
 " cap counterparty " mean bank of america , n.a . , or any eligible replacement cap counterparty , to the extent such eligible replacement 
 cap counterparty replace the exist cap counterparty under the cap agreement or any replacement interest rate cap agreement . 
 " cap custodian " have the meaning state in section 9.10 of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " cap payment " mean , for any interest period in which one - month libor ( calculate in accordance with the cap agreement ) exceed 
 3.00 , an amount equal to the product of ( x ) the excess , if any , of one - month libor ( calculate in accordance with the cap agreement ) for the 
 related payment date over 3.00 , ( y ) the notional amount of the cap for such payment date , as set forth in the cap agreement , and ( z ) a fraction , 
 the numerator of which be the actual number of day elapse in such interest period and the denominator of which be 360 , which payment shall be 
 deposit into the collection account by the cap counterparty on or before the second business day precede the related payment date . 
 " cellco " mean cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless , a delaware general partnership , do business as verizon wireless . 
 " certificate " mean either the class a certificate or the class b certificate , as the context require . 
 " certificate distribution account " mean the account establish and maintain as such pursuant to section 4.1 of the trust agreement . 
 a-11 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " certificate of trust " mean the certificate of trust of verizon owner trust 2020 - a. 
 " certificate pay agent " mean initially the owner trustee and any other person appoint as certificate pay agent under section 
 3.11 of the trust agreement . 
 " certificateholder " mean the registered holder of a certificate . 
 " class " mean the class a-1a note , the class a-1b note , the class b note and the class c note , as applicable . 
 " class a certificate " mean the class a certificate execute by the issuer and authenticate by the owner trustee , evidence a portion 
 of the equity interest in the issuer , substantially in the form attach as exhibit b-1 to the trust agreement . 
 " class a certificateholder " mean collectively , the originator or their designee . 
 " class a note " mean , collectively , the class a-1a note and the class a-1b note . 
 " class a-1a note " mean the 1,325,700,000 class a-1a 1.85 asset back note issue by the issuer , substantially in the form of 
 exhibit a to the indenture . 
 " class a-1b note " mean the 100,000,000 class a-1b one - month libor ( or , upon the occurrence of a benchmark transition event , the 
 appropriate benchmark replacement ) + 0.27 asset back note issue by the issuer , substantially in the form of exhibit a to the indenture . 
 " class b certificate " mean the variable funding certificate execute by the issuer and authenticate by the owner trustee , substantially 
 in the form attach as exhibit b-2 to the trust agreement . 
 " class b certificate principal balance " mean ( i ) on the closing date , 0 , ( ii ) on any acquisition date , an amount equal to the excess , if 
 any , of the additional receivables transfer amount for the additional receivables to be acquire by the issuer on such acquisition date over the 
 additional receivables cash transfer amount for such additional receivables , and ( iii ) during the amortization period , 0; provide , that , with 
 respect to clause ( ii ) , immediately follow the acquisition by the depositor of additional receivables from the originator on any acquisition 
 date , and upon distribution by the depositor to the originator of the amount set forth in section 2.2(b ) of the originator receivables transfer 
 agreement , the class b certificate principal balance will be decrease to zero for such date . 
 " class b certificateholder " mean the depositor or its designee . 
 " class b note " mean the 98,300,000 class b 1.98 asset back note issue by the issuer , substantially in the form of exhibit a to 
 the indenture . 
 " class c note " mean the 76,000,000 class c 2.06 asset back note issue by the issuer , substantially in the form of exhibit a to 
 the indenture . 
 a-12 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " clean - up redemption " have the meaning state in section 8.1(a ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " clear agency " mean an organization register as a " clearing agency " under section 17a of the exchange act . 
 " closing date " mean january 29 , 2020 . 
 " code " mean the internal revenue code of 1986 , as amend . 
 " collateral " mean ( a ) the trust property , ( b ) all present and future claim , demand , cause of action and chose in action relate to the 
 trust property and ( c ) all payment on or under and all proceed of the trust property . 
 " collection account " mean the account or account establish under section 4.1(a ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " collection period " mean each calendar month . for a payment date , the related collection period mean ( i ) for any payment date other 
 than the initial payment date , the collection period immediately precede the month in which the payment date occur , or ( ii ) for the initial 
 payment date , the period from the end of the calendar day on the initial cutoff date and end on and include the last day of the month 
 immediately precede the initial payment date . for purpose of determine the principal balance , pool balance or note pool factor , the related 
 collection period be the month in which the principal balance , pool balance or note pool factor be determine . 
 " collection " mean , for a collection period , all cash collection receive from obligor and any other cash proceed ( whether in the form 
 of cash , wire transfer or check ) in respect of the receivable receive and apply by the servicer to the payment of the receivables during that 
 collection period , but exclude : 
 ( i ) 
 the supplemental servicing fee; 
 ( ii ) 
 amount on any receivable for which the acquisition amount be include in the available fund for the related payment date; 
 and 
 ( iii ) 
 any recovery or cash collection receive with respect to write - off receivables that be write - off before or during such 
 collection period . 
 " commission " mean the u.s . securities and exchange commission , and any successor thereto . 
 " comparable treasury issue " mean the united states treasury security select by the independent investment banker as have a 
 maturity comparable to the remain term , refer to as the remain life , of the note to be redeem that would be utilize , at the time of 
 a-13 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 selection and in accordance with customary financial practice , in price new issue of corporate debt security of comparable maturity to the 
 remain term of the note . 
 " comparable treasury price " mean ( 1 ) the average of three reference treasury dealer quotation for that date of redemption , or ( 2 ) if the 
 independent investment banker be unable to obtain three reference treasury dealer quotation , the average of all quotation obtain . 
 " compound sofr " mean the compound average of sofrs for the applicable corresponding tenor , with the rate , or methodology of 
 this rate , and convention of this rate ( which , for example , may be compound in arrear with a lookback and/or suspension period as a 
 mechanism to determine the interest amount payable prior to the end of each collection period or compound in advance ) be establish by 
 the administrator in accordance with : 
 ( 1 ) 
 the rate , or methodology of this rate , and convention of this rate select or recommend by the relevant governmental body 
 for determine compound sofr; provide that 
 ( 2 ) 
 if , and to the extent that , the administrator determine that compound sofr can not be determine in accordance with clause 
 ( 1 ) above , then the rate , or methodology of this rate , and convention of this rate that have be select by the administrator in 
 its reasonable discretion . 
 " control agreement " have the meaning state in section 9.10 of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " control class " mean ( a ) the outstanding class a note , vote together as a single class , ( b ) if no class a note be outstanding , 
 the outstanding class b note and ( c ) if no class b note be outstanding , the outstanding class c note . 
 " corporate trust office " mean , 
 ( a ) for the owner trustee : 
 rodney square north , 1100 north market street 
 wilmington , delaware 19890 - 1600 
 attn : corporate trust administration 
 telephone : 302 - 636 - 6704 
 fax : 302 - 636 - 4141 
 or at another address in the state of delaware as the owner trustee may notify the indenture trustee , the administrator and the depositor , 
 ( b ) for the indenture trustee , the office of the indenture trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be 
 administer which office on the date of the execution of the indenture be locate at : 
 a-14 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( i ) solely for the purpose of transfer , surrender , exchange or presentation for final payment : 
 ep - mn - ws2n 
 111 fillmore avenue east 
 st . paul , mn 55107 , 
 attn : bondholder services / vzot 2020 - a 
 and ( ii ) for all other purpose : 
 mk - il - sl7c 
 190 south lasalle street 
 chicago , illinois 60603 
 attention : global structured finance / vzot 2020 - a 
 fax : ( 312 ) 332 - 7992 
 or at such other address as the indenture trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the noteholder , the servicer , and the owner 
 trustee , or the principal corporate trust office of any successor indenture trustee ( the address of which the successor indenture trustee will notify 
 the noteholder , the servicer and the owner trustee ) , and 
 ( c ) for the master trust owner trustee : 
 rodney square north , 1100 north market street 
 wilmington , delaware 19890 - 1600 
 attn : corporate trust administration 
 telephone : 302 - 636 - 6704 
 fax : 302 - 636 - 4141 
 or at another address in the state of delaware as the master trust owner trustee may notify the indenture trustee , the administrator , the owner 
 trustee and the depositor . 
 " correspond tenor " mean a tenor ( include overnight ) have approximately the same length ( disregard business day 
 adjustment ) as the applicable tenor for the then - current benchmark . 
 " cover entity " and " cover entity " have the meaning state in section 1(a ) of the parent support agreement . 
 " credit " mean any payment credit ( include one - time upfront credit and contingent , recur credit ) , include the application of a 
 return security deposit , allocate to the account of an obligor that be apply by the servicer against amount due on the obligor ’s relate 
 invoice . 
 " credit enhancement test " mean the test that will be satisfied on the closing date and on each acquisition date , after give effect to all 
 payment require to be make under section 8.2(c ) of the indenture and the acquisition of additional receivables on the acquisition date , if 
 a-15 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( a ) ( i ) the adjust pool balance as of the end of the collection period immediately precede the closing date or such acquisition date , as 
 applicable , plus ( ii ) any amount on deposit in the acquisition account minus ( iii ) the overcollateralization target amount , be equal to or great 
 than ( b ) the aggregate note balance on that date . 
 " credit payment " mean , with respect to any collection period , an amount equal to the reduction in the amount owe by an obligor under 
 a receivable due to the application of any credit to such obligor ’s account that would have otherwise constitute collection during such 
 collection period . 
 " custodian " mean cellco , in its capacity as custodian of the receivable file . 
 " customer tenure " mean the number of month an obligor have have a verizon wireless account base on the old active account 
 establishment date for such obligor , inclusive of any period of up to fifty ( 50 ) day of disconnected service , up to ninety ( 90 ) day of suspend 
 service or long service suspension in connection with the servicemember civil relief act , as amend . 
 " cutoff date " mean ( a ) for the initial receivables , the initial cutoff date and ( b ) for any additional receivables , the end of the calendar 
 day on the last day of the month immediately precede the month in which such acquisition date occur . 
 " default " mean any event that with notice or the passage of time or both would become an event of default . 
 " definitive note " have the meaning state in section 2.13 of the indenture . 
 " delaware statutory trust act " mean chapter 38 of title 12 of the delaware code . 
 " delinquent " mean an account on which an obligor have unpaid charge remain on the related account on the day immediately 
 follow the related date due as indicate on the obligor ’s bill . 
 " delinquency trigger " mean , with respect to a collection period , the aggregate principal balance of 60 - day delinquent receivables as a 
 percentage of the aggregate principal balance of receivables as of the end of such collection period exceed the delinquency trigger percentage 
 for such collection period . 
 " delinquency trigger percentage " equal ( i ) during the revolving period , 5.0 and ( ii ) during the amortization period , 5.5 . 
 " depositor " mean verizon abs llc , a delaware limit liability company . 
 " depositor transfer property " mean , for the closing date and any acquisition date , ( a ) the originator transfer property , ( b ) the 
 master trust transfer property , ( c ) the depositor ’s right under the receivables transfer agreement , ( d ) all present and future claim , 
 a-16 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 demand , cause of action and chose in action relate to any of the property describe above and ( e ) all payment on or under and all proceed 
 of the property describe above . 
 " depository agreement " mean the letter of representation for the note , date january 29 , 2020 , by the issuer in favor of the 
 depository trust company . 
 " device " mean the wireless device that be the subject of a device payment plan agreement that be a receivable . 
 " discount rate " mean , with respect to a receivable , the great of ( i ) the apr with respect to such receivable , and ( ii ) 7.65 . 
 " eligibility representation " have the meaning state in section 3.3 of the relate receivables transfer agreement . 
 " eligible receivable " mean a receivable that satisfy the characteristic set forth in section 3.3 of the relate receivables transfer 
 agreement . 
 " eligible replacement cap counterparty " mean a counterparty that meet the eligibility requirement set forth in the cap agreement . 
 " equity interest " mean a beneficial ownership interest in the issuer , as record on the trust register . 
 " erisa " mean the employee retirement income security act of 1974 , as amend . 
 " event of default " have the meaning state in section 5.1(a ) of the indenture . 
 " exchange act " mean the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amend . 
 " fatca information " have the meaning state in section 3.3(e ) of the indenture . 
 " fatca withholding tax " have the meaning state in section 3.3(e ) of the indenture . 
 " fico ® score 8 " mean the fico ® score 8 calculate on or about the date on which such receivable be originate . 
 " final maturity date " mean , for ( i ) the class a-1a note , the payment date in july , 2024 , ( ii ) the class a-1b note , the payment date in 
 july , 2024 , ( iii ) the class b note , the payment date in july , 2024 , and ( iv ) the class c note , the payment date in july , 2024 . 
 " first priority principal payment " mean , for a payment date , the great of : 
 ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to the aggregate note balance of the class a note as of the immediately precede payment date 
 ( or , for the initial payment date , as of the closing date ) minus the adjusted pool balance; and 
 a-17 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( b ) on and after the final maturity date for the class a note , the aggregate note balance of the class a note until pay in full . 
 " floor credit enhancement composition test " mean , for any payment date and the pool of receivables ( exclude any temporarily 
 exclude receivables ) hold by the issuer as of such date , each of the follow test calculate as of the end of the month precede the month in 
 which such date occur : 
 ( a ) the weight average fico ® score 8 of the obligor with respect to the receivables be at least 700 ( exclude receivables with 
 obligor for whom fico ® score 8s be not available ) , 
 ( b ) receivables with obligor for whom fico ® score 8s be not available represent no more than 4.50 of the pool balance , 
 ( c ) receivables with obligor that have less than 12 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless represent no more than 22.00 of 
 the pool balance , 
 ( d ) receivables with obligor that have 7 month or more , but less than 24 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless represent no 
 more than 12.00 of the pool balance , 
 ( e ) receivables with obligor that have 60 month or more of customer tenure with verizon wireless represent at least 55.00 of the pool 
 balance , 
 ( f ) receivables with obligor that have less than 12 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico ® score 8s be 
 not available or ( ii ) that have fico ® score 8s below 650 , represent no more than 10.00 of the pool balance , 
 ( g ) receivables with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless and ( i ) for 
 whom fico ® score 8s be not available or ( ii ) that have fico ® score 8s below 650 , represent no more than 50.00 of the aggregate 
 principal balance of all receivables with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of customer tenure with verizon 
 wireless , and 
 ( h ) receivables with obligor that have 60 month or more of customer tenure with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico ® score 8s be 
 not available or ( ii ) that have fico ® score 8s below 650 , represent no more than 27.50 of the aggregate principal balance of all 
 receivables with obligor that have 60 month or more of customer tenure with verizon wireless . 
 " governmental authority " mean any government or political subdivision or any agency , authority , bureau , regulatory body , central bank , 
 commission , department or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision , or any other entity exercise executive , legislative , 
 judicial , regulatory or administrative function of or pertain to government or any 
 a-18 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 court , tribunal , grand jury or arbitrator , or any accounting board or authority ( whether or not part of a government ) which be responsible for the 
 establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principle , in each case whether foreign or domestic . 
 " grant " mean to mortgage , pledge , assign and to grant a lien on and a security interest in the relevant property . 
 " guarantee obligation " have the meaning state in section 1(a ) of the parent support agreement . 
 " hague security convention " mean the convention on the law applicable to certain right in respect of security hold with an 
 intermediary ( conclude 5 july 2006 ) , which become effective in the united states of america on april 1 , 2017 . 
 " indemnify person " have the meaning state in section 6.7(b ) of the indenture , section 6.3(a ) of the transfer and servicing agreement 
 and section 7.2(a ) of the trust agreement , as applicable . 
 " indenture " mean the indenture , date as of the closing date , between the issuer and the indenture trustee . 
 " indenture trustee " mean u.s . bank national association , a national banking association , not in its individual capacity but solely as 
 indenture trustee under the indenture . 
 " indenture trustee fee " mean a monthly fee equal to 1/12th of 12,000 , payable on each payment date . 
 " independent " mean that the relevant person ( a ) be independent of the issuer , the depositor and their affiliate , ( b ) do not have any 
 direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the issuer , the depositor or their affiliate and ( c ) be not an officer , employee , 
 underwriter , trustee , partner , director or person perform similar function of or for the issuer , the depositor or their affiliate . 
 " independent certificate " mean a certificate or opinion to be deliver to the indenture trustee under the circumstance describe in 
 section 11.3 of the indenture , make by an independent appraiser , a firm of certify public accountant of national reputation or other expert 
 appoint by an issuer order and approve by the indenture trustee in the exercise of reasonable care , and such opinion or certificate shall state 
 that the signer have read the definition of " independent " in this indenture and that the signer be independent within the meaning thereof . 
 " independent investment banker " mean an independent investment banking or commercial banking institution of national standing 
 appoint by verizon . 
 " initial cutoff date " mean the end of the calendar day on december 31 , 2019 . 
 a-19 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " initial pool balance " mean 1,917,450,478.10 which be the aggregate principal balance of the initial receivables as of the initial cutoff 
 date . 
 " initial receivable " mean any device payment plan agreement acquire by the issuer on the closing date and list on the schedule of 
 receivables deliver on the closing date . 
 " initial trust property " mean ( a ) the depositor transfer property for the closing date , ( b ) the issuer ’s right under the transfer and 
 servicing agreement , ( c ) the issuer ’s right under the cap agreement , ( d ) all security entitlement relate to the bank account and the property 
 deposit in or credit to any of the bank account , ( e ) all present and future claim , demand , cause of action and chose in action for any of 
 the foregoing and ( f ) all payment on or under and all proceed for any of the foregoing . 
 " insolvency event " mean , for a person , that ( 1 ) ( a ) such person admit in write its inability to pay its debt generally as they become 
 due , or make a general assignment for the benefit of creditor , or ( b ) any proceeding be institute by or against such person seek to adjudicate 
 it bankrupt or insolvent , or seek the liquidation , wind up , reorganization , arrangement , adjustment , protection , relief or composition of it or its 
 debt under any law relate to bankruptcy , insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtor , or seek the entry of an order for relief or the 
 appointment of a receiver , trustee or other similar official for it or any substantial part of its property , or ( c ) such person generally do not pay its 
 debt as such debt become due and , in the case of any proceeding institute against such person , such proceeding remain unstayed for more 
 than sixty ( 60 ) day or an order or decree approve or order any of the foregoing shall be enter or ( 2 ) such person take any corporate action 
 to authorize any such action . 
 " interest period " mean for any payment date and ( a ) the class a-1a note , class b note and class c notes , the period from and 
 include the 20th day of the calendar month immediately precede the payment date to but exclude the 20th day of the month in which the 
 payment date occur ( or from and include the closing date to but exclude march 20 , 2020 for the first payment date ) or ( b ) the class a-1b 
 note , the period from and include the payment date immediately precede the current payment date to but exclude the current payment date 
 ( or from and include the closing date to but exclude march 20 , 2020 for the first payment date ) . 
 " investment company act " mean the investment company act of 1940 , as amend . 
 " isda definition " mean the 2006 isda definition publish by the international swap and derivative association , inc . or any 
 successor thereto , as amend or supplement from time to time , or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivative publish from 
 time to time . 
 " isda fallback adjustment " mean the spread adjustment ( which may be a positive or negative value or zero ) that would apply for 
 derivative transaction reference the isda definition to be determine upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
 benchmark for the applicable tenor . 
 a-20 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " isda fallback rate " mean the rate that would apply for derivative transaction reference the isda definition to be effective upon 
 the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the benchmark for the applicable tenor exclude the applicable isda fallback 
 adjustment . 
 " issuer " mean verizon owner trust 2020 - a , a delaware statutory trust . 
 " issuer order " and " issuer request " have the meaning state in section 11.3(a ) of the indenture . 
 " law " mean any law ( include common law ) , constitution , statute , treaty , regulation , rule , ordinance , executive order , order , court order , 
 injunction , writ , decree , directive , judgment , injunction , award or similar item of or by a governmental authority or any interpretation , 
 implementation or application thereof . 
 " libor determination date " mean , ( i ) with respect to the first payment date , the second london business day prior to the closing date 
 and ( ii ) with respect to each subsequent payment date , the second london business day prior to the immediately precede payment date . 
 " lien " mean a security interest , lien , charge , pledge or encumbrance . 
 " london business day " mean any day other than a saturday , sunday or day on which banking institution in london , england be 
 authorize or obligate by law or government decree to be close . 
 " make - whole payment " mean , for any payment of principal of the note on any payment date : 
 ( a ) for any make - whole payment due , other than with respect to an optional redemption , 
 ( i ) for each class of note other than the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present value of ( i ) the amount of all 
 future interest payment that would otherwise accrue on the principal payment until the payment date in february 2022 and ( ii ) 
 the principal payment , each such payment discount from the payment date in february 2022 to such payment date monthly on 
 a 30/360 day basis at 0.15 plus the high of ( 1 ) zero and ( 2 ) the then - current maturity match treasury rate to such payment 
 over ( b ) the principal payment; or 
 ( ii ) for the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present value of ( i ) the amount of all future interest payment that 
 would otherwise accrue on the principal payment at an interest rate of one - month libor applicable to such payment date plus 
 0.27 until the payment date in february 2022 and ( ii ) the principal payment , each such payment discount from the payment 
 date in february 2022 to such payment date monthly on an actual/360 day basis at one- 
 a-21 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 month libor applicable to such payment date over ( b ) the principal payment; and 
 ( b ) for any make - whole payment due with respect to an optional redemption , 
 ( i ) for each class of note other than the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present value of ( i ) the amount of all 
 future interest payment that would otherwise accrue on such class of note assume principal payment on such class be 
 make base on the assumed amortization schedule for such class and ( ii ) the amount of all future principal payment that would 
 otherwise be pay on such class of note assume principal payment on such class be pay base on the assume 
 amortization schedule for such class , each such amount discount from the payment date on which such payment would be 
 make in accordance with the assumed amortization schedule to the payment date on which the optional redemption occur , 
 monthly on a 30/360 day basis at 0.15 plus the high of ( 1 ) zero and ( 2 ) the then - current maturity match treasury rate to 
 such payment over ( b ) the note balance of such class of note immediately prior to the optional redemption; or 
 ( ii ) for the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present value of ( i ) the amount of all future interest payment that 
 would otherwise accrue on the class a-1b note at an interest rate of one - month libor applicable to such payment date plus 
 0.27 assume principal payment on the class a-1b note be make base on the assumed amortization schedule for the 
 class a-1b note and ( ii ) the amount of all future principal payment that would otherwise be pay on the class a-1b note 
 assume principal payment on the class a-1b note be pay base on the assumed amortization schedule for the class a-1b 
 note , each such amount discount from the payment date on which such payment would be make in accordance with the 
 assume amortization schedule to the payment date on which the optional redemption occur , monthly on an actual/360 day 
 basis at one - month libor applicable to such payment date over ( b ) the note balance of the class a-1b note immediately prior 
 to the optional redemption; 
 provide , that , upon the occurrence of a benchmark transition event , one - month libor use in the calculation of make - whole 
 payment will be replace by the appropriate benchmark replacement as set forth in section 2.16 of the indenture . 
 " market agent " mean cellco . 
 " market agent agency agreement " mean the amend and restate marketing agent agency agreement , date as of september 
 27 , 2016 , between the marketing agent and the verizon originator , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 a-22 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " market agent remittance obligation " have the meaning state in the parent support agreement . 
 " master collateral agency agreement " mean the amend and restate master collateral agency and intercreditor agreement , date 
 as of may 8 , 2019 , among the master trust , u.s . bank national association , as master collateral agent , cellco , as servicer , and each creditor 
 representative from time to time party thereto , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " master trust " mean verizon dppa master trust , a delaware statutory trust , create and exist pursuant to the master trust 
 agreement . 
 " master trust administrator " mean cellco . 
 " master trust agreement " mean the second amend and restate trust agreement , date as of may 8 , 2019 , between verizon abs ii 
 llc , as depositor , and the master trust owner trustee , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " master trust owner trustee " mean wilmington trust , national association , a national banking association , not in its individual 
 capacity but solely as master trust owner trustee under the master trust agreement . 
 " master trust receivables transfer agreement " mean the master trust receivables transfer agreement , date as of the closing date , 
 among the master trust , the servicer and the depositor , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " master trust transfer property " mean , for the closing date and any acquisition date , ( a ) the initial receivables or the additional 
 receivables , as applicable , transfer by the master trust , ( b ) all amount receive and apply on such receivable after the end of the calendar 
 day on the related cutoff date , ( c ) all present and future claim , demand , cause of action and chose in action relate to any of the property 
 describe above and ( d ) all payment on or under and all proceed of the property describe above . 
 " material adverse effect " mean , with respect to any event or circumstance , a material adverse effect on the ability of the applicable 
 person to perform its obligation under any transaction document . 
 " monthly deposit require rating " have the meaning state in section 4.3(b)(i ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " monthly investor report " have the meaning state in section 3.5(a)(i ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " moody ’s " mean moody ’s investors service , inc . 
 " negative carry account " mean the account or account establish under section 4.1(a ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 a-23 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " negative carry deposit amount " mean , for a payment date during the revolving period on which amount be in the acquisition 
 account , an amount equal to ( a ) the require negative carry amount for that payment date minus ( b ) the amount in the negative carry account 
 on that payment date ( before payment under section 8.2(c ) of the indenture on that payment date ) . 
 " negative carry account draw amount " mean , for a payment date during the 
 revolving period : 
 ( a ) if that payment date be not an acquisition date , the less of : 
 ( i ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to the total require payment , plus the reserve deposit amount , plus the acquisition 
 deposit amount , minus the available fund determine without regard to the negative carry account draw amount or the 
 reserve account draw amount; and 
 ( ii ) the amount in the negative carry account; and 
 ( b ) if the payment date be an acquisition date , the amount in the negative carry account in excess of the require negative carry 
 amount . 
 " new upgrade dpp " have the meaning state in section 4.3(g ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " note balance " mean , for a note or class , the initial aggregate principal balance of the note or class minus all amount distribute on the 
 note or class that be apply to principal . 
 " note interest rate " mean a per annum rate equal to , for : ( i ) the class a-1a note , 1.85 ( compute on the basis of a 360 day year 
 consist of twelve 30 day month ) , ( ii ) the class a-1b note , one - month libor ( or , upon the occurrence of a benchmark transition event , the 
 appropriate benchmark replacement ) + 0.27 ( compute on the basis of the actual number of day elapse during the relevant interest period and 
 a 360 day year ) , ( iii ) the class b note , 1.98 ( compute on the basis of a 360 day year consist of twelve 30 day month ) , and ( iv ) the class c 
 note , 2.06 ( compute on the basis of a 360 day year consist of twelve 30 day month ) . 
 " note interest shortfall " mean , for a class and a payment date , an amount equal to the excess , if any , of the accrue note interest for the 
 payment date immediately precede such payment date for the class over the amount of interest that be pay to the noteholder of that class on 
 the payment date immediately precede such payment date , together with interest on the excess amount , to the extent lawful , at the note interest 
 rate for the class for that interest period . 
 a-24 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " note monthly interest " mean , for a class and a payment date , the aggregate amount of interest accrue on the note balance of the 
 class at the note interest rate for the class for the related interest period . 
 " note owner " mean , for a book - entry note , the person who be the beneficial owner of a book - entry note as reflect on the book of the 
 clearing agency or on the book of a person maintain an account with the clearing agency ( as a direct participant or as an indirect participant , 
 in each case accord to the rule of the clearing agency ) . 
 " note pay agent " mean initially the indenture trustee and any other person appoint as note pay agent under section 2.15 of 
 the indenture . 
 " note pool factor " mean , for a class and a payment date , a seven - digit decimal figure equal to the note balance of the class after give 
 effect to any payment of principal of the class on that payment date divide by the initial note balance of the class . 
 " note register " and " note registrar " have the meaning state in section 2.4 of the indenture . 
 " noteholder " mean the person in whose name a note be register on the note register . 
 " noteholder tax identification information " mean properly complete and sign tax certification ( generally with respect to u.s . federal 
 income tax , irs form w-9 ( or applicable successor form ) in the case of a person that be a " united states person " within the meaning of section 
 7701(a)(30 ) of the code or the appropriate irs form w-8 ( or applicable successor form ) in the case of a person that be not a " united states person " 
 within the meaning of section 7701(a)(30 ) of the code ) . 
 " note " or " note " mean , collectively or individually , as the context may require , the class a-1a note , the class a-1b note , the class b 
 note and the class c note . 
 " obligor " mean the person that have sign the account agreement of which the device payment plan agreement that constitute the 
 receivable be a part and who owe payment under the receivable . 
 " officer ’s certificate " mean ( a ) for the issuer , a certificate sign by a responsible person of the issuer , ( b ) for the depositor , the 
 administrator , the marketing agent , the parent support provider , any originator or the servicer , a certificate sign by any officer of such entity , as 
 applicable , ( c ) for the master trust , a certificate sign by a responsible person of the master trust and ( d ) for the indenture trustee , a certificate 
 sign by a responsible person of the indenture trustee . 
 " one - month libor " mean , with respect to any interest period for which one - month libor be the benchmark , the london interbank 
 offer rate for deposit in u.s . dollar have a maturity of one month commence on the relate libor determination date which appear on 
 the reuters screen libor01 page as of 11:00 a.m. , london time , on such libor 
 a-25 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 determination date; provide , however , that for the first interest period , one - month libor shall mean an interpolate rate for deposit base on 
 london interbank offer rate for deposit in u.s . dollar for a period that correspond to the actual number of day in the first interest period . if 
 the rate use to determine one - month libor do not appear on the reuters screen libor01 page , the rate for that day will be determine on the 
 basis of the rate at which deposit in u.s . dollar , have a maturity of one month and in a principal balance of not less than u.s . 1,000,000 be 
 offer at approximately 11:00 a.m. , london time , on such libor determination date to prime bank in the london interbank market by the 
 reference bank . the administrator will request the principal london office of each reference bank to provide a quotation of its rate to the 
 administrator and the indenture trustee . if at least two such quotation be provide , the indenture trustee will calculate the rate for that day as 
 the arithmetic mean of such quote rate to the near 1/100,000 of 1.00 ( 0.0000001 ) , with five one - millionth of a percentage point round 
 upward , of all such quotation . if few than two such quotation be provide , the indenture trustee will calculate the rate for that day as the 
 arithmetic mean to the near 1/100,000 of 1.00 ( 0.0000001 ) , with five one - millionth of a percentage point round upward , of the offer per 
 annum rate that one or more major bank in new york city , select by the administrator , be quote as of approximately 11:00 a.m. , new york city 
 time , on such libor determination date to lead european bank for united states dollar deposit for that maturity; provide that if the 
 administrator be not able to identify any major bank in new york city that be quote as describe in this sentence and for the avoidance of 
 doubt , regardless of whether other in similar transaction be use a different index , it shall direct the indenture trustee to use one - month libor 
 in effect for the applicable interest period which will be one - month libor in effect for the previous interest period , and any such direction will be 
 deem to apply to all subsequent libor determination date unless otherwise direct by the administrator . in no event shall the indenture 
 trustee be responsible for determine one - month libor or any substitute for one - month libor if such rate do not appear on reuters screen 
 libor01 page . 
 " opinion of counsel " mean a write opinion of counsel ( which may be internal counsel ) which counsel be reasonably acceptable to the 
 indenture trustee , the owner trustee and the rating agency , as applicable . 
 " optional acquisition " have the meaning state in section 8.1(a ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " optional acquisition amount " have the meaning state in section 8.1(b ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " optional redemption " have the meaning state in section 8.2(a ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " originator " mean ( i ) with respect to the initial receivables or the additional receivables , any of cellco or certain affiliate of verizon 
 list on schedule b to the originator receivables transfer agreement and ( ii ) with respect to the additional receivable transfer to the 
 depositor pursuant to the originator receivables transfer agreement , any additional affiliate of verizon not list on schedule b to the originator 
 receivables transfer agreement 
 a-26 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 that execute an additional originator joinder agreement substantially in the form of exhibit b to the originator receivables transfer agreement; 
 provide , that with respect to any amount remit by , or cause to be remit by , the marketing agent pursuant to section 4.3(g ) , ( h ) and ( i ) of 
 the transfer and servicing agreement , the term " originator " shall also mean , with respect to the additional receivable transfer to the 
 depositor pursuant to the master trust receivables transfer agreement , any additional affiliate of verizon not list on schedule b to the 
 originator receivables transfer agreement that originate any such receivables . 
 " originator reacquisition obligation " have the meaning state in the parent support agreement . 
 " originator receivables transfer agreement " mean the originator receivables transfer agreement , date as of the closing date , 
 between the originators party thereto and the depositor , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " originator transfer property " mean , for the closing date and any acquisition date , ( a ) the initial receivables or the additional 
 receivables , as applicable , transfer by the originator , ( b ) all amount receive and apply on such receivable after the end of the calendar 
 day on the related cutoff date , ( c ) all present and future claim , demand , cause of action and chose in action relate to any of the property 
 describe above and ( d ) all payment on or under and all proceed of the property describe above . 
 " other asset " mean any asset ( other than the trust property ) sell , assign or convey or intend to be sell , assign or 
 convey by the depositor to any person other than the issuer , whether by way of a sale , capital contribution , pledge or otherwise . 
 " outstanding " mean , as of a date , all note authenticate and deliver under the indenture on or before that date except ( a ) note that 
 have be cancel by the note registrar or deliver to the note registrar for cancellation , ( b ) note to the extent the amount necessary to pay 
 the note have be deposit with the indenture trustee or note pay agent in trust for the noteholder and , if those note be to be redeem , 
 notice of the redemption have be give under the indenture , and ( c ) note in exchange for or in place of which other note have be 
 authenticate and deliver under the indenture unless proof satisfactory to the indenture trustee be present that the note be hold by a bona 
 fide purchaser . in determine whether noteholder of the require note balance have make or give a request , demand , authorization , direction , 
 notice , consent or waiver under any transaction document , note own by the issuer , the depositor , the servicer or their affiliate will not be 
 consider to be outstanding . however , note own by the issuer , the depositor , the servicer or their affiliate will be consider to be 
 outstanding if ( a ) no other note remain outstanding , or ( b ) the note have be pledge in good faith and the pledgee establish to the 
 reasonable satisfaction of the indenture trustee the pledgee ’s right to act for the note and that the pledgee be not the issuer , the depositor , the 
 servicer or their affiliate . 
 " overcollateralization " mean , for any date of determination other than the closing date , the amount by which ( x ) the sum of ( i ) the 
 adjust pool balance as of the last day of the related 
 a-27 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 collection period , and ( ii ) the amount on deposit in the acquisition account after give effect to the acquisition of receivables on that date 
 exceed ( y ) the aggregate note balance . 
 " overcollateralization target amount " mean an amount equal to : 
 ( i ) 
 on the closing date , 10.50 of the adjusted pool balance as of the initial cutoff date; 
 ( ii ) 
 for any date of determination ( other than the closing date ) , prior to the amortization period , on which the pool of receivables 
 meet all of the floor credit enhancement composition test , the great of ( x ) the result of ( a)(i ) the aggregate note balance , 
 divide by ( ii ) 1 minus 0.1050 , minus ( b ) the aggregate note balance , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjusted pool balance as of the 
 closing date; 
 ( iii ) 
 for any date of determination ( other than the closing date ) , prior to the amortization period , on which the pool of receivables 
 do not meet all of the floor credit enhancement composition test , the great of ( x ) the result of ( a)(i ) the aggregate note 
 balance , divide by ( ii ) 1 minus 0.1350 , minus ( b ) the aggregate note balance , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjusted pool balance as of 
 the close date; 
 ( iv ) 
 for any date of determination , during the amortization period , on which the pool of receivables meet all of the floor credit 
 enhancement composition test , the great of ( x ) 14.50 of the adjusted pool balance as of the end of the calendar month 
 immediately precede such date of determination , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjusted pool balance as of the closing date; or 
 ( v ) 
 for any date of determination , during the amortization period , on which the pool of receivables do not meet all of the floor 
 credit enhancement composition test , the great of ( x ) 17.50 of the adjusted pool balance as of the end of the calendar 
 month immediately precede such date of determination , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjusted pool balance as of the closing date . 
 " owner trustee " mean wilmington trust , national association , a national banking association , not in its individual capacity but solely 
 as owner trustee under the trust agreement . 
 " owner trustee fee " mean a monthly fee equal to 1/12th of 15,000 , payable on each payment date . 
 " parent support agreement " mean the guaranty , date as of the closing date , among the parent support provider , the depositor , the 
 issuer and the indenture trustee , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " parent support provider " mean verizon . 
 a-28 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " payment date " mean the 20th day of each month or , if not a business day , the next business day , start in march 2020 . for a 
 collection period , the related payment date mean the payment date follow the end of the collection period . 
 " percentage interest " shall mean , with respect to each certificate , the percentage interest in the issuer represent by such certificate . 
 " permit activity " have the meaning state in section 2.3(a ) of the trust agreement . 
 " permit investment " mean book - entry security , negotiable instrument or security represent by instrument in bearer or 
 register form that evidence : 
 ( a ) ( x ) direct or fully guarantee united states treasury obligation , ( y ) u.s . department of housing and urban development public agency 
 bond , federal housing administration debenture , government national mortgage association guarantee mortgage - back security 
 or participation certificate , refcorp debt obligation , sba - guarantee participation certificate and guarantee pool certificate or ( z ) 
 farm credit system consolidate systemwide bond and note , federal home loan bank ' consolidated debt obligation , federal home 
 loan mortgage corp . debt obligation and federal national mortgage association debt obligation , if , with respect to the investment 
 list in clause ( z ) , they meet the criterion of s&p for collateral for security have rating equivalent to the respective rating of the note 
 in effect at the close date; 
 ( b ) demand deposit , time deposit , certificate of deposit or banker ' acceptance of any depository institution or trust company ( i ) 
 incorporate under the law of the united states or any state or any united states branch or agency of a foreign bank , ( ii ) subject to 
 supervision and examination by federal or state banking or depository institution authority and ( iii ) where the commercial paper or other 
 short - term unsecured debt obligation ( other than obligation with a rating base on the credit of a person other than the depository 
 institution or trust company ) of such depository institution or trust company have the required rating; 
 ( c ) commercial paper , include asset - back commercial paper , have the require rating; 
 ( d ) investment in money market fund have a rating in the high investment grade category from each of s&p and moody ’s 
 ( include fund for which the indenture trustee or the owner trustee or any of their affiliate be investment manager or advisor); and 
 ( e ) any other investment that be acceptable to each rating agency . 
 " permit lien " mean a lien that attache by operation of law , or any security interest of the depositor in the originator transfer 
 property and the master trust transfer property under the relate receivables transfer agreement , the issuer in the depositor 
 a-29 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 transfer property under the transfer and servicing agreement or the indenture trustee in the collateral under the indenture . 
 " person " mean a legal person , include a corporation , natural person , joint venture , limited liability company , partnership , trust , business 
 trust , association , government , a department or agency of a government or any other entity . 
 " personally identifiable information " have the meaning state in the asset representation review agreement . 
 " pool balance " mean , for any collection period , an amount equal to ( i ) the aggregate principal balance of the receivables on the last day 
 of the collection period immediately precede such collection period ( exclude acquire receivables ) , plus the aggregate principal balance on 
 the related cutoff date of any additional receivable transfer during the collection period less ( ii ) the aggregate principal balance of any 
 temporarily exclude receivables as of the last day of the collection period immediately precede such collection period . 
 " pool composition test " mean , for the closing date , each payment date and any acquisition date and with respect to the pool of 
 receivable hold by the issuer as of the related cutoff date , include any additional receivables acquire by the issuer on an acquisition date , 
 each of the follow test calculate as of the end of the month precede the month in which such date occur : 
 ( a ) 
 the weighted average fico ® score 8 of the obligor with respect to the receivables be at least 685 ( exclude receivables with 
 obligor for whom fico ® score 8s be not available ) , 
 ( b ) 
 receivables with obligor for whom fico ® score 8s be not available represent no more than 5.00 of the pool balance , 
 ( c ) 
 receivables with obligor that have less than 12 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless represent no more than 
 28.00 of the pool balance , 
 ( d ) 
 receivable with obligor that have 7 month or more , but less than 24 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless 
 represent no more than 15.00 of the pool balance , 
 ( e ) 
 receivables with obligor that have 60 month or more of customer tenure with verizon wireless represent at least 50.00 of the 
 pool balance , 
 ( f ) 
 receivable with obligor that have less than 12 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico ® score 
 8 be not available or ( ii ) that have fico ® score 8s below 650 , represent no more than 10.00 of the pool balance , 
 a-30 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( g ) receivables with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of customer tenure with verizon wireless and ( i ) for 
 whom fico ® score 8s be not available or ( ii ) that have fico ® score 8s below 650 , represent no more than 55.00 of the aggregate 
 principal balance of all receivables with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of customer tenure with verizon 
 wireless , and 
 ( h ) receivables with obligor that have 60 month or more of customer tenure with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico ® score 8s be 
 not available or ( ii ) that have fico ® score 8s below 650 , represent no more than 30.00 of the aggregate principal balance of all 
 receivables with obligor that have 60 month or more of customer tenure with verizon wireless . 
 " principal balance " mean , for a receivable as of the last day of a month , an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to , without duplication : 
 ( a ) the amount financed; minus 
 ( b ) the portion of the amount pay by the related obligor apply on or before that date allocable to principal; minus 
 ( c ) any credit allocate to such receivable; 
 provide that , the principal balance for any write - off receivable will be deem to be zero . 
 " proceeding " mean a suit in equity , action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding , or governmental investigation . 
 " prospectus " mean the prospectus date as of january 21 , 2020 , relate to the offering of the note . 
 " qualified institution " mean u.s . bank national association , wilmington trust , national association , or a trust company or a bank or 
 depository institution organize under the law of the united states or any state or any united states branch or agency of a foreign bank or 
 depository institution that ( i ) be subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking authority , ( ii ) have a short - term deposit rating of 
 " p-1 " from moody ’s , if rat by moody ’s , and " a-1 + " from s&p , if rat by s&p , ( iii ) if the institution hold any bank account , have a long - term 
 unsecured debt rating or issuer rating of at least " aa3 " from moody ’s , if rat by moody ’s , and at least " a " from s&p , if rat by s&p and ( iv ) if 
 the institution be organize under the law of the united states , whose deposit be insure by the federal deposit insurance corporation . 
 " rat agency " mean each of moody ’s and s&p . 
 " rat agency condition " mean , for an action or request and with respect to a rating agency , that , accord to the then - current 
 policy of the relevant rating agency for that action 
 a-31 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 or request , the rating agency have notify the depositor , the servicer , the owner trustee and the indenture trustee that the propose action or 
 request will not result in a downgrade or withdrawal of its then - current rating on any of the note . 
 " receivable " mean , for a collection period , an initial receivable or an additional receivable , exclude any device payment plan 
 agreement that become an acquire receivable during a prior collection period or be a write - off receivable sell under section 3.4 of the 
 transfer and servicing agreement during a prior collection period . 
 " receivable file " have the meaning state in section 3.10(b ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " receivables transfer agreement " or " receivables transfer agreement " mean , collectively or individually , the originator receivables 
 transfer agreement and the master trust receivables transfer agreement , as the context may require . 
 " record date " mean , for a payment date and a book - entry note , the close of business on the day before the payment date and , for a 
 payment date and a definitive note , the last day of the calendar month immediately precede the month in which the payment date occur and 
 with respect to any notice , vote or consent , the most recently occur record date for a payment date . 
 " recovery " mean , for any write - off receivable and a collection period , an amount equal to : 
 ( a ) 
 all amount receive and apply by the servicer during the collection period for the receivable after the date on which it become 
 a write - off receivable , include any proceed from the sale of a device secure any receivable; minus 
 ( b ) 
 any amount pay by the servicer for the account of the related obligor , include collection expense and other amount pay to 
 third party , if any , in connection with collection on the write - off receivable; minus 
 ( c ) 
 amount , if any , require by law or under the servicing procedure to be pay to the obligor . 
 " redemption date " have the meaning state in section 10.1 of the indenture . 
 " reference bank " mean , for any libor determination date , the four major bank in the london interbank market select by the 
 administrator . 
 " reference time " with respect to any determination of the benchmark mean ( 1 ) if the benchmark be one - month libor , 11:00 a.m. 
 ( london time ) on the day that be two ( 2 ) london banking day precede the date of such determination , and ( 2 ) if the benchmark be not one- 
 month libor , the time determine by the administrator in accordance with the benchmark replacement conforming change . 
 a-32 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " reference treasury dealer " mean ( 1 ) any independent investment banking or commercial banking institution of national standing and 
 any of its successor appoint by verizon; provide , however , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary u.s . government security 
 dealer in the united states , refer to as a " primary treasury dealer , " another primary treasury dealer substitute therefor , and ( 2 ) any other 
 primary treasury dealer select by an independent investment banker and approve in writing by verizon . 
 " reference treasury dealer quotation " mean , with respect to each reference treasury dealer and any date of determination , the 
 average , as determine by the independent investment banker , of the bid and ask price for the comparable treasury issue ( express in each 
 case as a percentage of its principal amount ) quote in write to the independent investment banker at 3:30 p.m. , new york city time , on the third 
 business day precede the date of determination . 
 " regular priority principal payment " mean , for a payment date , an amount equal to the great of ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal 
 to the excess , if any , of ( a ) the aggregate note balance of the class a note , the class b note and the class c note as of the immediately 
 precede payment date ( or , for the initial payment date , as of the closing date ) , minus the sum of the first priority principal payment , the second 
 priority principal payment and the third priority principal payment for the current payment date , over ( b ) the adjust pool balance as of the last 
 day of the related collection period minus the overcollateralization target amount , and ( b ) on and after the final maturity date for any class of 
 note , the amount that be necessary to reduce the principal amount of each such class , as applicable , to zero ( after the application of any first 
 priority principal payment , second priority principal payment and third priority principal payment ) . 
 " regulation ab " mean subpart 229.1100 - asset back security ( regulation ab ) , 17 c.f.r . § § 229.1100 - 229.1125 , as such may be 
 amend from time to time , and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have be provide by the commission in the adopting release 
 ( asset - back security , security act release no . 33 - 8518 , 70 fed . reg . 1,506 , 1,531 ( jan . 7 , 2005 ) and asset - back security disclosure and 
 registration , security act release no . 33 - 9638 , 79 fed . reg . 57,184 ( sept . 24 , 2014 ) ) or by the staff of the commission , or as may be provide by 
 the commission or its staff from time to time . 
 " relevant governmental body " mean the federal reserve board and/or the federal reserve bank of new york , or a committee officially 
 endorse or convene by the federal reserve board and/or the federal reserve bank of new york , or any successor thereto . 
 " request noteholder " have the meaning state in section 14.1 of the indenture . 
 " request party " have the meaning state in section 11.2 of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " require acquisition deposit amount " mean , for any payment date during the revolving period , an amount equal to the excess , if any , 
 of ( x ) the aggregate note balance of the note over ( y ) ( i ) the adjust pool balance as of the end of the related collection period minus 
 a-33 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( ii ) the overcollateralization target amount , after give effect to any acquisition of additional receivables on such date . 
 " require negative carry amount " mean , for any payment date during the revolving period , an amount equal to the product of ( i ) the 
 amount in the acquisition account on the payment date ( after give effect to all payment under section 8.2(c ) of the indenture and the 
 acquisition of additional receivables , if any , on the payment date ) , ( ii ) the weighted average note interest rate and ( iii ) 1/12 . 
 " require rating " mean , for short - term unsecured debt obligation , a rating of ( a ) " p-1 " from moody ’s and ( b ) " a-1 + " from s&p . 
 " require reserve amount " mean 17,877,097.97 , or approximately 1 of the adjusted pool balance as of the initial cutoff date . 
 " reserve account " mean the account establish under section 4.1(a ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " reserve account draw amount " mean : 
 ( a ) for each payment date before the amortization period , the less of : 
 ( i ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to the total require payment minus the available fund determine without regard to 
 the reserve account draw amount; and 
 ( ii ) the amount in the reserve account; and 
 ( b ) for each payment date during the amortization period , an amount equal to the amount in the reserve account , if that amount together 
 with available fund for that payment date be sufficient to pay the entire note balance of the note , all accrued and unpaid interest and 
 any unpaid make - whole payment and all other amount to be distribute to the secured party under the indenture and the transfer 
 and service agreement in full . 
 " reserve deposit amount " mean , for a payment date , an amount equal to ( a ) the require reserve amount minus ( b ) the amount in the 
 reserve account on the payment date ( before payment under section 8.2(c ) of the indenture on that payment date ) . 
 " residual interest " mean an " eligible horizontal residual interest " ( as define in the u.s . credit risk retention rule ) equal to at least 5 
 of the fair value of all of the " abs interest " ( as define in the u.s . credit risk retention rule ) in the issuer issue as part of the transaction 
 contemplate by the transaction document , determine as of the closing date use a fair value measurement framework under united states 
 generally accept accounting principle . 
 a-34 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " responsible person " mean : 
 ( a ) for the administrator , the depositor , the sponsor , the servicer , the marketing agent , the parent support provider or any originator , a 
 person designate in an officer ’s certificate of the person or other notice sign by an officer of the person authorize to act for the 
 person or any treasurer , assistant treasurer or corporate secretary of such person that have responsibility for the matter; 
 ( b ) for the issuer , an officer in the corporate trust office of the owner trustee , any officer of the owner trustee to whom any matter be 
 refer because of the officer ’s knowledge of and familiarity with the matter , and a responsible person of the administrator; 
 ( c ) for the master trust , an officer in the corporate trust office of the master trust owner trustee , any officer of the master trust owner 
 trustee to whom any matter be refer because of the officer ’s knowledge of and familiarity with the matter , and a responsible person of 
 the master trust administrator; and 
 ( d ) for the indenture trustee or the owner trustee , an officer in the corporate trust office of the indenture trustee or the owner trustee , 
 as applicable , include each vice president , assistant vice president , secretary , assistant secretary or other officer customarily perform 
 function similar to those perform by those officer list above , and any officer of the indenture trustee or the owner trustee , as 
 applicable , to whom any matter be refer because of the officer ’s knowledge of and familiarity with the matter , and in each case , have 
 direct responsibility for the administration of the transaction document . 
 " review " have the meaning state in the asset representation review agreement . 
 " review material " have the meaning state in the asset representation review agreement . 
 " review notice " have the meaning state in the asset representation review agreement . 
 " review receivable " have the meaning state in the asset representation review agreement . 
 " review report " mean , for an asset representation review , the report of the asset representation reviewer describe in section 3.5 
 of the asset representation review agreement . 
 " revolving period " mean the period from the closing date to the start of the amortization period . 
 " s&p " mean s&p global rating . 
 a-35 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " sarbane certification " have the meaning state in section 6.7(a)(iv ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " schedule of receivables " mean ( a ) the schedule identify the initial receivable attach as schedule a to each receivables transfer 
 agreement and schedule a to each of the transfer and servicing agreement and the indenture or the electronic file with respect thereto deliver 
 on the closing date , and ( b ) each schedule identify any additional receivables attach as schedule a to any transfer notice or the electronic 
 file with respect thereto deliver by the depositor , or the administrator on its behalf , to the issuer and the indenture trustee for an acquisition 
 date . 
 " second priority principal payment " mean , for a payment date , the great of : 
 ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to : 
 ( i ) the aggregate note balance of the class a note and the class b note as of the immediately precede payment date ( or , for 
 the initial payment date , as of the closing date); minus 
 ( ii ) the adjusted pool balance; minus 
 ( iii ) the first priority principal payment; and 
 ( b ) on and after the final maturity date for the class b note , the note balance of the class b note until pay in full . 
 " secured party " mean the indenture trustee , for the benefit of the noteholder . 
 " security account " mean each bank account subject to the term of the account control agreement . 
 " security act " mean the security act of 1933 , as amend . 
 " security intermediary " mean u.s . bank national association . 
 " servicer " mean cellco or any successor servicer engage under section 7.4 of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " servicer acquisition obligation " have the meaning state in the parent support agreement . 
 " servicer deposit obligation " have the meaning state in the parent support agreement . 
 " servicer representation obligation " have the meaning state in the parent support agreement . 
 a-36 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " servicer termination event " have the meaning state in section 7.2 of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " servicer ’s certificate " mean an officer ’s certificate of the servicer deliver pursuant to section 6.6 of the transfer and servicing 
 agreement . 
 " servicing criterion " mean the " servicing criterion " set forth in item 1122(d ) of regulation ab , as such may be amend from time to time . 
 " service fee " mean , for a collection period , the fee payable to the servicer in an amount equal to the product of : 
 ( a ) one - twelfth of the servicing fee rate; time 
 ( b ) the adjust pool balance at the beginning of the full calendar month immediately precede such payment date; 
 provide , that the servicing fee for the initial payment date will equal the product of ( i ) a fraction , the numerator of which be the number of 
 day from and include the closing date to and include the last day of the first collection period and the denominator of which be 360 , and ( ii ) 
 the servicing fee rate time the adjust pool balance as of the closing date . 
 " service fee rate " mean 0.75 . 
 " servicing procedure " mean the servicing procedure of cellco relate to device payment plan agreement originate by the 
 originator , as amend or modify from time to time . 
 " similar law " mean any federal , state , local or non - u.s . law or regulation that be substantially similar to title I of erisa or section 4975 of 
 the code . 
 " sofr " with respect to any day mean the secure overnight financing rate publish for such day by the federal reserve bank of new 
 york , as the benchmark administrator for sofr ( or a successor benchmark administrator ) . 
 " solvent " mean , with respect to any person and as of any particular date , that ( i ) the present fair market value ( or present fair saleable 
 value ) of the asset of such person be not less than the total amount require to pay the probable liability of such person on its total exist 
 debt and liability ( include contingent liability ) as they become absolute and mature , ( ii ) such person be able to realize upon its asset and 
 pay its debt and other liability , contingent obligation and commitment as they mature and become due in the normal course of business and 
 ( iii ) such person be not incur debt or liability beyond its ability to pay such debt and liability as they mature . 
 " sponsor " mean cellco . 
 a-37 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " state " mean a state or commonwealth of the united states of america , or the district of columbia . 
 " subcontractor " mean any vendor , subcontractor or other person that be not responsible for the overall servicing ( as " servicing " be 
 commonly understand by participant in the asset - back security market ) of the receivables but perform one or more discrete function 
 identify in the servicing criterion with respect to the receivables under the direction or authority of the servicer or a subservicer . 
 " subservicer " mean any person that service receivables on behalf of the servicer or any subservicer and be responsible for the 
 performance ( whether directly or through subservicer or subcontractor ) of a substantial portion of the material servicing function require to be 
 perform by the servicer under this agreement that be identify in the servicing criterion . 
 " successor servicer " have the meaning state in section 7.4(a)(i ) of the transfer and servicing agreement . 
 " supplemental servicing fee " mean , for a collection period , all net recovery , late fee , prepayment charge , extension fee and other 
 administrative fee or similar charge on the receivables . 
 " temporarily exclude receivables " mean any receivable deem to be temporarily exclude by the administrator from any calculation 
 require to be make by the administrator or the servicer pursuant to and in accordance with the term of the transaction document . 
 " temporarily exclude receivables servicing fee " mean , for a collection period , the fee payable to the servicer in an amount equal to the 
 product of : 
 ( a ) one - twelfth of the servicing fee rate; time 
 ( b ) the aggregate principal balance of all temporarily exclude receivables at the beginning of the calendar month immediately precede 
 such collection period . 
 " term sofr " mean the forward - look term rate for the applicable corresponding tenor base on sofr that have be select or 
 recommend by the relevant governmental body . 
 " third priority principal payment " mean , for a payment date , the great of : 
 ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to : 
 ( i ) the aggregate note balance of the class a note , the class b note and the class c note as of the immediately precede 
 payment date ( or , for the initial payment date , as of the closing date); minus 
 ( ii ) the adjusted pool balance; minus 
 a-38 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 ( iii ) the first priority principal payment; minus 
 ( iv ) the second priority principal payment; and 
 ( b ) on and after the final maturity date for the class c note , the note balance of the class c note until pay in full . 
 " total require payment " mean , 
 ( a ) for a payment date and the reserve account draw amount , the sum of the amount set forth in section 8.2(c)(i ) through ( viii ) of the 
 indenture; and 
 ( b ) for a payment date and the negative carry account draw amount , the sum of the amount set forth in section 8.2(c)(i ) through ( xiii ) 
 of the indenture . 
 follow an event of default and an acceleration of the note or an insolvency event or dissolution of the depositor , until the note balance of 
 each class of note have be pay in full , the total require payment will also include the aggregate note balance of all note . 
 " transaction document " mean the certificate of trust , the trust agreement , the receivables transfer agreement , the transfer and 
 servicing agreement , the indenture , the administration agreement , the asset representation review agreement , the parent support agreement , 
 the underwriting agreement , the marketing agent agency agreement , the depository agreement , the cap agreement and the account control 
 agreement . 
 " transfer and servicing agreement " mean the transfer and servicing agreement , date as of the closing date , among the issuer , the 
 depositor and cellco as servicer , market agent and custodian , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " transfer notice " mean the notice to the issuer , the depositor and the indenture trustee regard the acquisition of additional 
 receivables under section 2.1(d ) of each of the receivables transfer agreement , substantially in the form of exhibit a to each such receivables 
 transfer agreement . 
 " treasury rate " mean , for any payment date on which a make - whole payment be to be make , the rate determine on the third business 
 day precede such payment date equal to : 
 ( i ) the yield , under the heading which represent the average for the immediately precede week , appear in the most recently publish 
 statistical release publish by the board of governor of the federal reserve system designate as " statistical release h. 15(519 ) " or 
 any successor publication which be publish weekly by the board of governor of the federal reserve system and which establish 
 yield on actively trade united states treasury security adjust to constant maturity under the caption " treasury constant 
 maturity , " for the maturity correspond to the comparable treasury issue ( if no maturity be within three month before or after the 
 remain life ( as define in the definition of comparable treasury issue ) , yield for the two publish 
 a-39 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 maturity most closely correspond to the comparable treasury issue will be determine and the treasury rate will be interpolate or 
 extrapolate from those yield on a straightline basis , round to the near month ) , or 
 ( ii ) if that release ( or any successor release ) be not publish during the week precede the calculation date or do not contain those 
 yield , the rate per annum equal to the semiannual equivalent yield to maturity of the comparable treasury issue , calculate use a price 
 for the comparable treasury issue ( express as a percentage of its principal amount ) equal to the comparable treasury price for the date 
 of redemption . 
 " treasury regulation " shall mean regulation , include propose or temporary regulation , promulgate under the code . reference 
 herein to specific provision of propose or temporary regulation shall include analogous provision of final treasury regulation or other 
 successor treasury regulation . 
 " true up trust " mean verizon dppa true up trust , a delaware statutory trust , or its successor or assign . 
 " trust agreement " mean the amend and restate trust agreement , date as of the closing date , between the depositor and the 
 owner trustee , as amend , restate , supplement or modify from time to time . 
 " trust indenture act " or " tia " mean the trust indenture act of 1939 as in force on the date hereof , unless otherwise specifically 
 provide . 
 " trust property " mean the initial trust property and any additional trust property . 
 " trust register " have the meaning state in section 3.3(a ) of the trust agreement . 
 " trust registrar " have the meaning state in section 3.3(a ) of the trust agreement . 
 " u.s . credit risk retention rule " mean regulation rr , 17 c.f.r . § 246.1 , et seq . 
 " ucc " mean the uniform commercial code as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction . 
 " unadjusted benchmark replacement " mean the benchmark replacement exclude the benchmark replacement adjustment . 
 " underwriting agreement " mean the underwriting agreement , date as of january 21 , 2020 , by and among the depositor , cellco and 
 each of bofa securities , inc . , mizuho securities usa llc , mufg securities americas inc . and wells fargo securities , llc , each on its own behalf 
 and as a representative of the several underwriter identify therein . 
 " underwriting procedure " mean the underwriting procedure of the originator , as establish by cellco , relate to device payment 
 plan agreement originate by the originator , as such underwriting procedure may be amend or modify from time to time . 
 a-40 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 " upgrade contract " have the meaning state in the glossary of the marketing agent agency agreement . 
 " upgrade offer " mean the annual upgrade offer or any other upgrade offer extend by verizon wireless to an exist obligor under 
 which such obligor can upgrade a device that be the subject of a device payment plan agreement if the term and condition specify in such offer 
 be satisfied . 
 " upgrade payment " mean a prepayment amount equal to the remain unpaid principal balance of the relate receivable determine as 
 of the date of the relevant upgrade , after give effect to any prepayment make by the related obligor in connection with the related upgrade offer . 
 " verify note owner " have the meaning state in section 14.1 of the indenture . 
 " verizon " mean verizon communications inc . , a delaware corporation . 
 " verizon originator " mean the various subsidiary and affiliate of cellco list on schedule I to the marketing agent agency 
 agreement . 
 " verizon wireless " mean the wireless business of verizon , operate by cellco and various other subsidiary of verizon , include the 
 originator , under the verizon wireless brand . 
 " write - off receivable " mean any receivable that in accordance with the servicing procedure have be charge off or write off by 
 the servicer . 
 " yield amount " mean , for each receivable on the closing date , on each payment date and on each acquisition date other than a 
 payment date , the amount by which ( x ) the principal balance as of the last day of the related collection period or as of the applicable cutoff date , 
 as applicable , for such receivable exceed ( y ) the present value of the future schedule payment on the receivable as of the last day of the 
 relate collection period ( or as of the applicable cutoff date , for the first payment date for the receivables ) calculate use the discount rate . for 
 purpose of this calculation , the future schedule payment on each receivable be the equal monthly payment that would reduce the 
 receivable ’s principal balance as of the related cutoff date to zero on the receivable ’s final schedule payment date , at an interest rate equal to the 
 apr of the receivable , which payment be receive at the end of each month without any delay , default or prepayment . 
 " yield supplement overcollateralization amount " mean , for the closing date , for each payment date and for each acquisition date other 
 than a payment date , an amount calculate as the sum of the yield amount for all receivable own by the issuer with an apr as state in the 
 relate device payment plan agreement of less than 7.65 . 
 a-41 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 exhibit a 
 custodian ’s security requirement 
 ( see attach ) 
 ea-1 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 exhibit b 
 form of annual certification 
 re : 
 the transfer and servicing agreement , date as of january 29 , 2020 ( the " agreement " ) , among verizon owner trust 2020 - a ( the 
 " issuer " ) , verizon ab llc ( the " depositor " ) , and cellco partnership d / b / a verizon wireless ( " cellco " ) , as servicer ( in such 
 capacity , the " servicer " ) , as market agent and as custodian . 
 I , _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ of _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ [ name of company ] ( the " company " ) , certify to the 
 issuer , the administrator and the depositor , and their officer , with the knowledge and intent that they will rely upon this certification , that : 
 ( 1 ) I have review the servicer compliance statement of the company provide in accordance with item 1123 of regulation ab 
 ( the " compliance statement " ) , the report on assessment of the company ’s compliance with the servicing criterion set forth in item 1122(d ) 
 of regulation ab ( the " servicing criterion " ) , provide in accordance with rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 under security exchange act of 1934 , 
 as amend ( the " exchange act " ) and item 1122 of regulation ab ( the " servicing assessment " ) , the register public accounting firm ’s 
 attestation report provide in accordance with rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 under the exchange act and section 1122(b ) of regulation ab ( the 
 " attestation report " ) , and all servicing report , officer ’s certificate and other information relate to the servicing of the receivables by 
 the company during 20 [ _ _ ] that be deliver by the company to the issuer and the depositor pursuant to the agreement ( collectively , 
 the " company service information”); 
 ( 2 ) base on my knowledge , the company service information , take as a whole , do not contain any untrue statement of a 
 material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement make , in the light of the circumstance under which such 
 statement be make , not mislead with respect to the period of time cover by the company service information; 
 ( 3 ) base on my knowledge , all of the company service information require to be provide by the company under the 
 agreement have be provide to the issuer and the depositor; 
 ( 4 ) I be responsible for review the activity perform by the company as servicer under the agreement , and base on my 
 knowledge and the compliance review conduct in prepare the compliance statement [ and except as disclose in the compliance 
 statement , the servicing assessment or the attestation report , ] the company have fulfil its obligation under the agreement in all 
 material respects; and 
 ( 5 ) the compliance statement require to be deliver by the company pursuant to the agreement , and each servicing 
 assessment and attestation report require to be provide by the company and by any subservicer or subcontractor pursuant to the 
 agreement , have be provide to the issuer , the administrator , the depositor , the indenture trustee and the owner trustee . any material 
 instance of 
 eb-1 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020 
 noncompliance with the servicing criterion have be disclose in such report and have be disclose to the issuer , the administrator 
 and the depositor . 
 capitalize term use herein and not otherwise define have the meaning give to such term in the agreement . 
 date : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
 by : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
 name : 
 title : 
 eb-2 
 source : verizon ab llc , 8 - k , 1/23/2020