exhibit 10.22 
 transition service agreement 
 transition service agreement ( the " agreement " ) date as of [ • ] , 2020 , between reynold group holdings inc . , a delaware corporation 
 ( " rghi " ) , and reynold consumer products inc . , a delaware corporation , ( the " company " or " rcp " ) . each party or any of its affiliate provide 
 service hereunder shall be a " provider , " and each party or any of its affiliate receive service hereunder shall be a " recipient . " 
 preliminary statement 
 a. prior to the commencement date , rghi and the company be wholly own subsidiary of reynold group holdings limit , a company 
 organize under the law of new zealand ( " rghl " ) . effective february 4 , 2020 ( the " commencement date " ) , rcp be undertake an initial public offering 
 of share of common stock and thereafter the company will no long be a subsidiary of rghl . 
 b. in order to facilitate the separation of the company and its affiliate from rghi and its affiliate , ( i ) rghi will provide , or cause its affiliate to 
 provide , certain service to the company and its affiliate , and ( ii ) the company will provide , or cause its affiliate to provide , certain service to rghi 
 and its affiliate , all on the term and condition set forth herein . 
 now , therefore , the party agree as follow : 
 article I 
 definition 
 section 1.1 definition . the following term shall have the respective meaning set forth below throughout this agreement : 
 " affiliate " mean , with respect to any person , any other person who directly or indirectly , through one or more intermediary , control , be 
 control by , or be under common control with , such person . the term " control " mean the possession , directly or indirectly , of the power to direct 
 or cause the direction of the management and policy of a person , whether through the ownership of vote security , by contract or otherwise , 
 and the term " control " and " control " have meaning correlative thereto . for the avoidance of doubt , for the purpose of this agreement 
 and all exhibit thereto , the term affiliate shall not apply to the relationship between rghi or rghl or either of their respective affiliate on the one 
 hand and rcp and its direct and indirect subsidiary on the other hand . 
 " applicable rate " mean the average of the daily " prime rate " ( express rate per annum ) publish in the wall street journal for each of the day 
 in the applicable period , plus two percent ( 2 ) . 
 " business " mean the manufacture and sale of consumer product include cooking product , waste & storage product , and tableware by the 
 company and activitie ancillary thereto . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 " business day " mean any day that be not ( a ) a saturday , ( b ) a sunday , or ( c ) any other day on which commercial bank be authorize or require 
 by law to be close in the city of new york . 
 " change " have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(c ) . 
 " commencement date " have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 " confidential information " mean any information of a party , its affiliate , member , licensor , consultant , service provider , advisor or agent 
 that be confidential or proprietary , however record or preserve , whether write or oral . confidential information include trade secret , pricing 
 datum , employee information , customer information , cost information , supplier information , financial and tax matter , third - party contract term , 
 invention , know - how , process , method , model , technical information , schedule , code , idea , concept , datum , software and business plan 
 ( regardless of whether such information be identify as confidential ) . 
 " dispute negotiation " have the meaning set forth in section 3.3(b ) . 
 " fee " have the meaning set forth in section 5.1 . 
 " force majeure event " have the meaning set forth in section 10.1 . 
 " governmental authority " mean governmental or quasi - governmental entity of any nature ( include any governmental agency , branch , 
 department , official , or entity and any court or other tribunal ) or ( iii ) body exercise , or entitle to exercise any administrative , executive , judicial , 
 legislative , police , regulatory or tax authority or power of any nature , include any arbitral tribunal . 
 " indemnify party " have the meaning set forth in section 9.1 . 
 " indemnify party " have the meaning set forth in section 9.1 . 
 " law " mean a law , statute , order , ordinance , rule , regulation , judgment , injunction , order , or decree . 
 " litigation " mean any action , cease and desist letter , demand , suit , arbitration proceeding , administrative or regulatory proceeding , citation , 
 summon or subpoena of any nature , civil , criminal , regulatory or otherwise , in law or in equity . 
 " loss " mean any and all damage , liability , loss , obligation , claim of any kind , interest and expense ( include reasonable fee and 
 expense of attorney ) . 
 " migration plan " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(c ) . 
 " migration service " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(c ) . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 " multi - party contract " mean a contract with a customer or supplier pursuant to which both rcp and rghi or any of its affiliate provide a 
 benefit to or receive a benefit from a third party . 
 " party " mean rghi or company , as applicable ( collectively , the " party " ) . 
 " personnel " mean , with respect to any party , ( i ) the employee , officer and director of such party or its affiliate or ( ii ) agent , accountant , 
 attorney , independent contractor and other third party engage by such party or its affiliate . 
 " provider " have the meaning set forth in the preamble . 
 " rcp name " mean the registered and unregistered trademark and corporate name use by rcp , rghi and its respective affiliate immediately 
 prior to the commencement date which include the word " reynold " and any derivative thereof . 
 " recipient " have the meaning set forth in the preamble 
 " reverse transition service " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(b ) . 
 " rghi letter of credit " mean all letter of credit , performance bond or other surety agreement that rghl or rghi or its affiliate have in place 
 with respect to the company . 
 " rghi guarantee " mean all guarantee extend by rghi or rghl or its affiliate on behalf of the company . 
 " sale and service taxis " have the meaning set forth in section 5.5 . 
 " security incident " have the meaning set forth in section 4.1 . 
 " security regulation " mean a party ’s and its affiliate ' system security policy , procedure and requirement , as amend from time to time . 
 " service coordinator " have the meaning set forth in section 3.3(a ) . 
 " service standard " have the meaning set forth in section 3.1(a ) . 
 " service " mean the transition service and the reverse transition service , unless the context require otherwise . 
 " system " have the meaning set forth in section 3.5 . 
 " tax " mean any federal , state , local or foreign income , alternative , minimum , accumulate earning , personal hold company , franchise , capital 
 stock , profit , windfall profit , gross receipt , sale , use , value add , transfer , registration , stamp , premium , excise , custom duty , severance , 
 environmental ( include taxis under section 59a of the code ) , real property , personal property , ad valorem , occupancy , license , occupation , 
 employment , payroll , social security , disability , unemployment , worker ’ compensation , withholding , estimate or other similar tax , duty , fee , 
 assessment or other governmental charge or deficiency thereof ( include all interest and penalty thereon and addition thereto ) . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 " terminate party " have the meaning set forth in section 6.3 . 
 " term " have the meaning set forth in section 6.1 . 
 " termination date " have the meaning set forth in section 6.1 . 
 " transition service " have the meaning set forth in section 2.1(a ) . 
 " tsa record " have the meaning set forth in section 7.1(a ) . 
 article ii 
 service and internal control 
 section 2.1 service . 
 ( a ) during the applicable term of any service , and in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement , rghi shall provide , or 
 shall cause its affiliate or , subject to section 2.2 , third party to provide , to the company or one or more of its affiliate ( in connection with the 
 conduct of the business ) the service describe on exhibit a hereto ( the " transition service " ) . notwithstanding the content of exhibit a , rghi 
 agree to consider in good faith any reasonable request by the company for access to any additional service that be necessary for the operation of 
 the business , at fee to be agree upon after good faith negotiation between the party . rghi will not be in in breach of this agreement if rghi 
 decline to provide a request additional service for any good faith reason , include the failure of the party to agree to the scope , term , and fee 
 for the additional service . any such additional service so provide by rghi shall constitute service hereunder and be subject in all respect to 
 the provision of this agreement as if fully set forth on exhibit a as of the date hereof . 
 ( b ) during the applicable term of any service , and in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement , company shall provide , or 
 shall cause its affiliate or , subject to section 2.2 , third party to provide , to rghi or one or more of its affiliate , the service describe on exhibit 
 b hereto ( the " reverse transition service " ) . 
 ( c ) in addition to the service describe on exhibit a hereto , rghi shall , and shall cause its affiliate to undertake the segregation and 
 extraction require to separate the it system , datum , record and process of the company , or thereafter create in the conduct of the business 
 from rghi ’s it environment or infrastructure , and migrate they to rcp ’s , or any of its affiliate ' , it environment or infrastructure ( collectively , the 
 " migration service " ) . for the avoidance of doubt , migration service apply to service only and do not include the acquisition or supply of any 
 hardware , software , license ( except where rghi , at the request of rcp , acquire such hardware , software , or license at rcp ’s cost ) , or ongoing 
 operational support service for the operate environment(s ) ( except as otherwise contemplate by exhibit a ) . the cost of such migration 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 shall be pay by rcp , include any out - of - pocket cost incur by rghi or its affiliate in connection with such migration service and for the 
 time spend by rghi , its affiliate or their personnel , as applicable , in provide such migration service . rghi will also provide to rcp any 
 available reasonable documentation around the system implementation , configuration document , process map , or any other documentation 
 relate to the system that be part of the separation . rghi and rcp shall work together in good faith to develop a detailed plan for migrating rcp ’s 
 it system , datum , record and process to its it environment or infrastructure ( the " migration plan " ) . 
 section 2.2 performance by affiliate or subcontractor . either party may , in its sole discretion , engage , or cause one of their affiliate to engage , 
 one or more party ( include other third party or affiliate ) to provide some or all of the services; provide , ( i ) such party be use such affiliate or 
 third party to perform the same service for itself and its affiliate ( to the extent applicable ) , ( ii ) such arrangement would not increase the cost to 
 recipient for such service , and ( iii ) if such third party be not already engage with respect to such service as of the date hereof , provider shall obtain the 
 prior write consent of recipient ( not to be unreasonably withhold ) . provider shall ( x ) be responsible for the performance or non - performance of any 
 such party and ( y ) in all case remain responsible for ensure that obligation with respect to the standard of service set forth in article iii of this 
 agreement be satisfied with respect to any service provide by such affiliate or third party . 
 section 2.3 scope of service . other than as expressly set forth on exhibit a , section 2.1 , exhibit b , or as agree by the party in writing , in no 
 event shall provider be obligate to provide any service to the recipient for any purpose other than to facilitate , on a transitional basis , the recipient ’s 
 ability to conduct business as conduct immediately precede the date hereof . 
 section 2.4 internal control and procedure . in addition to the requirement of article iii and article vii herein , with respect to the service 
 provide by rghi and its affiliate provide service hereunder , certain of the service may involve process that directly or indirectly support 
 financial information that the company include within its consolidated financial report . the company have an obligation to ensure that it have internal 
 control over financial reporting that comply with the sarbane - oxley act of 2002 and must also ensure that its external auditor can complete their 
 necessary evaluation of the company ’s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with auditing standard issue by the u.s . public 
 company accounting oversight board . the company and rghi and such affiliate shall use reasonable commercial effort to agree ( i ) what key 
 control over financial reporting will be perform by rghi and such affiliate within the process that directly or indirectly support financial 
 information that the company include within its consolidated financial reports; ( ii ) the frequency as to the performance of the agree key controls; and 
 ( iii ) the form of documentation require to evidence the effective performance of the agree key control . rghi and such affiliate will perform the agree 
 key control and evidence such performance in the agree format . company shall have the right , in a manner to avoid unreasonable interruption to 
 rghi ’s or its affiliate ' business , to ( 1 ) evaluate the effectiveness of the key controls; and ( 2 ) upon at least thirty ( 30 ) day ' write notice to rghi , 
 perform ( through its external auditor ) audit procedure over rghi ’s internal control and procedure for the service provide under this agreement; 
 provide that such right to audit shall exist solely to the extent reasonably require by company ’s external auditor to ensure company ’s compliance 
 with the sarbane - oxley act of 2002 . company shall pay or reimburse all of rghi ’s expense and cost arise from such audit . the performance of the 
 agree key control , preparation of documentation , provide access to the company or its delegate and the company ’s auditor will be bill at the 
 agree rate as set forth on exhibit a. 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 article iii 
 service levels; service coordinators; tsa committee 
 section 3.1 quality of service . 
 ( a ) provider shall perform the service ( i ) at a level of quality substantially similar in all material respect to that at which such service be 
 perform or enjoy during the twelve ( 12 ) month period prior to the date hereof and ( ii ) in accordance with applicable law ( collectively , ( i ) and 
 ( ii ) , the " service standard " ) . subject to section 3.1(c ) , internal control of provider and its affiliate with respect to the service standard shall 
 remain materially the same in effect throughout the term of this agreement . each party acknowledge that the other party and their affiliate be 
 not professional service provider of the service . 
 ( b ) in the event of any material failure of a provider to perform the service , as applicable , in accordance with the service standard , 
 recipient shall provide provider with write notice of such material failure , and provider will use commercially reasonable effort to remedy such 
 failure as soon as reasonably possible and in the same manner that provider would remedy such a failure for their other business undergo 
 such a material failure . 
 ( c ) a provider may , from time to time : ( i ) reasonably supplement , modify , upgrade , substitute or otherwise alter ( " change " ) any service in a 
 manner consistent with change make with respect to similar service provide by provider on their own behalf or to their affiliate , include 
 take any physical or information security measure with respect to such service , in a manner that do not ( x ) adversely affect in any material 
 respect the quality or availability of such service or ( y ) materially increase the fee payable in connection with such changed service; provide 
 that to the extent that any such change be reasonably likely to modify , substitute or otherwise alter the receipt or use of such service , provider shall 
 provide recipient with reasonable advance write notice of the implementation of the change to the extent practicable under the circumstances; 
 provide , far , that the service standard shall continue to apply to such service follow any change . if a change be require by applicable 
 law or be in response to a threatened security incident , provider may make any and all change to the service necessary to comply with applicable 
 law and any change thereto or to respond to such threatened security incident in a manner consistent with response make by provider on its 
 own behalf or in respect of their affiliates; provide that provider shall provide recipient such reasonable advance write notice of the 
 implementation of any such change as may be practicable under the circumstances; and ( ii ) with reasonable advance write notice to recipient , 
 temporarily suspend the provision of a service as necessary to conduct system maintenance or patch without such suspension constitute a 
 breach of the service standard . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 ( d ) a provider need not provide any service if it be not permit to do so by applicable law . to the extent that any service be not permit 
 pursuant to applicable law , the party will cooperate in good faith to enter into arrangement reasonably acceptable to each of the party under 
 which the recipient would obtain the benefit of such service to the same extent ( or as nearly as practicable ) as if such service be permit by 
 applicable law . 
 section 3.2 policy . each party shall , and shall cause any of its affiliate or third party provide or receive service ( as the case may be ) to , 
 follow the reasonable policy , procedure and practice of the other party and its affiliate applicable to the service that be know or make known to 
 such party . a failure of a recipient to act in accordance with this section 3.2 that prevent a provider from provide a service hereunder shall , upon 
 reasonable advance write notice to the recipient ( where practicable ) , relieve provider of its obligation under the service until such time as the failure 
 have be cure . 
 section 3.3 service coordinator and dispute resolution . 
 ( a ) rghi and company shall each nominate a representative to act as the primary contact person with respect to the performance of the 
 service ( each , a " service coordinator " ) . unless otherwise agree upon by the party , the party shall direct all initial communication relate to 
 this agreement and the service to the service coordinator . the initial service coordinator for rghi and company , include their contact 
 information , be set forth on exhibit c. either party may replace its service coordinator at any time by provide notice and contact information for 
 the newly designate service coordinator in accordance with section 10.5 . the service coordinator shall oversee the implementation and ongoing 
 operation of this agreement . the party shall ensure that their respective service coordinator shall meet in person or telephonically at such time 
 as be reasonably request by rghi or company to review and discuss the status of , and any issue arise in connection with , the service or 
 this agreement . 
 ( b ) in the event a dispute arise between the party under this agreement , telephonic negotiation shall be conduct between the party ' 
 respective service coordinator within ten ( 10 ) day follow a write request from any party ( " dispute negotiation " ) . if the service 
 coordinator be unable to resolve the dispute within ten ( 10 ) day after the party have commence dispute negotiation , then either rghi or the 
 company , by write request to the other party , may request that such dispute be refer for resolution to the respective president ( or similar 
 position ) of the division implicate by the matter for the party , or more senior executive of a party if such party so designate , which president 
 ( or other executive ) will have fifteen ( 15 ) day to resolve such dispute . if the president of the relevant division ( or other executive ) for each 
 party do not agree to a resolution of such dispute within fifteen ( 15 ) day after the reference of the matter to they , or if the dispute be not otherwise 
 resolve in a friendly manner as set forth in this section 3.3 , then any unresolved dispute may be resolve pursuant to section 10.8 . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section 3.4 limitation of service provide . except to the extent require to meet the service standard , in provide the service , the party be 
 not obligate to : ( i ) hire any additional employees; ( ii ) maintain the employment of any specific employee; ( iii ) purchase , lease or license any additional 
 equipment or software; or ( iv ) make any capital investment to provide or continue provide the service . the party have no responsibility to verify the 
 correctness of any information give to they on behalf of the other party for the purpose of provide the service . 
 section 3.5 third party license and consent . the party will cooperate and assist each other , and use commercially reasonable effort , to obtain , 
 or direct its affiliate to obtain , any third party consent require under the term of any agreement between a party or any of its affiliate , on the one 
 hand , and a third party , on the other hand , in order for a party or its affiliate to provide the service during the term . notwithstanding the foregoing , if 
 the provision of any service as contemplate by this agreement require the consent , license or approval of any third party not previously obtain , the 
 party shall use commercially reasonable effort , to obtain as promptly as possible after the commencement date , any third party consent , permit , 
 license and approval require under the term of any third party agreement in order for provider to provide the service hereunder . the cost of 
 obtain any consent , permit , license or approval with respect to any service shall be bear by the recipient of the relevant service . if any such 
 consent , permit , license or approval be not obtain , the party will cooperate in good faith to enter into reasonably acceptable arrangement under which 
 recipient would obtain the benefit of such service to the same extent ( or as nearly as practicable ) as if such consent be obtain ( at recipient ’s cost ) , 
 and each party will continue to use commercially reasonable effort to obtain any such require consent or amendment . the party acknowledge that it 
 may not be practical to try to anticipate and identify every possible legal , regulatory , and logistical impediment to the provision of service hereunder . 
 accordingly , each party will promptly notify the other party if it reasonably determine that there be a legal , regulatory , or logistical impediment to the 
 provision of any service , and the party shall each use commercially reasonable effort to overcome such impediment so that the service may be 
 provide otherwise in accordance with the term of this agreement . all computer system or software ( " system " ) , datum , facility and other resource 
 own by a party , its affiliate or third party use in connection with the provision or receipt of the service , as applicable , shall remain the property of 
 such party , its affiliate or third party . 
 article iv 
 security; system 
 section 4.1 security breach . if any party discover ( a ) any material breach of the security regulation or of the system use to provide the 
 service or ( b ) any breach or threaten breach of the security regulation that involve or may reasonably be expect to involve unauthorized access , 
 disclosure or use of the other party ’s or its affiliate ' confidential information ( each of ( a ) and ( b ) , a " security incident " ) , such party shall , at the cost of 
 the party responsible for the security incident , ( i ) promptly ( both orally , if practicable , and in any event in writing ) notify the other party of the security 
 incident and ( ii ) reasonably cooperate with the other party ( 1 ) to take commercially reasonable measure necessary to control and contain the security of 
 such confidential information , ( 2 ) to remedy any such security incident , include use commercially reasonable effort to identify and address any root 
 cause for such security incident , ( 3 ) to furnish full detail of the security incident to the other party and keep such other party advise of all material 
 measure take and other development with respect to such security incident , ( 4 ) in any litigation or formal action with third party or in connection 
 with any regulatory , investigatory or other action of any governmental authority and ( 5 ) in notify the other party ’s or its affiliate ' customer and 
 personnel and other person of the security incident to the extent reasonably request by the other party . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section 4.2 system security . 
 ( a ) if rghi , company , their affiliate or their respective personnel receive access to any of rghi ’s , company ’s , or their respective affiliate ' , 
 as applicable , system in connection with the service , the access party or its personnel , as the case may be , shall comply with all of such other 
 party ’s and its affiliate ' reasonable security regulation know to such access party or its personnel or make known to such accessing party 
 or its personnel in writing , and will not tamper with , compromise or circumvent any security , security regulation or audit measure employ by 
 such other party or its relevant affiliate . 
 ( b ) each party shall , and shall cause its affiliate to , as require by applicable law , ( i ) ensure that only those of its personnel who be 
 specifically authorize to have access to the system of the other party or its affiliate gain such access and ( ii ) prevent unauthorized access , use , 
 destruction , alteration or loss of information contain therein , include by notify its personnel regard the restriction set forth in this 
 agreement and establish appropriate policy design to effectively enforce such restriction . 
 ( c ) each party shall , and shall cause their respective affiliate to , access and use only those system of the other party and its affiliate , and 
 only such datum and information within such system , to which they have be grant the right to access and use . any party and its affiliate 
 shall have the right to deny the personnel of the other party or its affiliate access to such first party ’s or its affiliate ' system , after prior write 
 notice and consultation with the other party , in the event the party reasonably believe that such personnel pose a security concern . 
 section 4.3 virus . provider and recipient shall each use its commercially reasonable effort consistent with its past practice to prevent the 
 introduction or coding of virus or similar item into the system of the other party . without limit the right and remedy of any party hereunder , in 
 the event a virus or similar item be introduce into the system of a party , whether or not such introduction be attributable to the other party ( include 
 such other party ’s failure to perform its obligation under this agreement ) , the other party shall , as soon as practicable , use its commercially reasonable 
 effort to assist such party in reduce the effect of the virus or similar item , and if the virus or similar item cause a loss of operational efficiency or loss 
 of datum , upon such party ’s request , work as soon as practicable to contain and remedy the problem and to restore lose datum result from such 
 introduction . 
 section 4.4 provider ' software . except as authorize by this agreement or by provider ’s express write consent , recipient shall not , and shall 
 cause its affiliate not to , copy , modify , reverse engineer , decompile or in any way alter any software of provider or any of its affiliate . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section 4.5 system upgrade . no provider shall be require to purchase , upgrade , enhance or otherwise modify any system use by any 
 recipient as of the date hereof in connection with the business of any party , or to provide any support or maintenance service for any system that 
 have be upgrade , enhance or otherwise modify from the system that be use in connection with the business of any party as of the date hereof . 
 article v 
 fee 
 section 5.1 fee . recipient shall pay provider ( i ) the fee for each service set forth on exhibit a or exhibit b , ( ii ) provider ' and their affiliate ' 
 reasonable and document out - of - pocket expense incur in provide the service , include the third - party fee and expense that be charge to 
 recipient or their affiliate in connection with provision of the service ( include any fee and expense charge by subcontractor permit to 
 provide the service under section 2.2 ) but exclude payment make to employee of provider or any of their affiliate pursuant to section 5.2 , and ( iii ) 
 any other fee as agree to by the party in writing ( collectively , the " fee " ) . 
 section 5.2 responsibility for wage and fee . any employee of provider or any of their affiliate provide service to recipient under this 
 agreement will remain employee of provider or such affiliate and shall not be deem to be employee of recipient for any purpose . provider or such 
 affiliate shall be solely responsible for the payment and provision of all wage , bonus and commission , employee benefit , include severance and 
 worker ’s compensation , and the withholding and payment of applicable taxis relate to such employment . 
 section 5.3 invoice . provider shall submit or cause to be submit to recipient in writing , within 15 day after the end of each month , an invoice 
 set forth the fee for the service provide to recipient during such month in reasonable detail , as applicable , due under such invoice . 
 section 5.4 payment . recipient shall pay , or cause to be pay , the fee show on an invoice no later than the last business day of the month 
 recipient receive such invoice unless dispute in accordance with section 5.7 . any amount not receive from the invoice party within such period 
 shall bear interest at the applicable rate , from and include the last date of such period to , but exclude , the date of payment . 
 section 5.5 sale tax , etc . provider shall be entitle to invoice and collect from recipient any additional amount require for state , local and 
 foreign sale tax , value add tax , good and service tax or similar tax with respect to the provision of the service hereunder , as applicable ( " sale and 
 service taxis " ) . notwithstanding the previous sentence , if the recipient be exempt from liability for such sale and service taxis , it shall provide 
 provider with a certificate ( or other proof ) evidence an exemption from liability for such sale and service taxis . provider shall be responsible for any 
 loss ( include any deficiency , interest and penalty ) impose as a result of a failure to timely remit such sale and service taxis to the applicable tax 
 authority to the extent the recipient timely remit such sale and service taxis to provider or provider ’s failure to do so result from provider ’s failure to 
 timely charge or invoice such sale and service taxis . the recipient shall be entitle to any refund of any such sale and service taxis pay in excess of 
 liability as determined at a later date . provider shall promptly notify the recipient of any deficiency claim or similar notice by a tax authority with respect 
 to sale and service taxis payable hereunder , and of any pende audit or other proceeding that could lead to the imposition of sale and service taxis 
 payable hereunder . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section 5.6 no offset . recipient shall not withhold any payment due under this agreement in order to offset payment due ( or to become due ) to 
 recipient pursuant to this agreement unless such withholding be mutually agree to by the party in writing or be provide for in the final ruling of a 
 court . any required adjustment to payment due hereunder will be make as a subsequent invoice . 
 section 5.7 invoice dispute . in the event of an invoice dispute , the disputing party shall deliver a write statement to the other party no later than 
 the date payment be due on the disputed invoice list all dispute item and provide a reasonably detailed description of each dispute item . 
 amount not so disputed shall be deem accept and shall be pay , notwithstanding dispute on other item , within the period set forth in section 5.4 . 
 the party shall seek to resolve all such dispute expeditiously and in good faith . provider shall continue perform the service in accordance with this 
 agreement pende resolution of any dispute . 
 section 5.8 audit . at the request of recipient , provider shall provide to recipient and its affiliate reasonable access to provider ’s applicable 
 personnel and record with respect to the amount charge in connection with any service so that recipient may confirm that the pass through cost 
 incur by provider or , to the extent such service be provide on an hourly basis , information relate to hour work in connection with such service , 
 be commensurate with the amount charge to recipient for such service . in the event that recipient believe that the amount charge to recipient 
 materially exceed the pass through cost actually incur by provider or hour charge in connection with such service , the party shall review such 
 matter in good faith . 
 article vi 
 term and termination 
 section 6.1 term of service . with respect to each of the service , the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof , unless a 
 different date be specify as the commencement date for any applicable service on exhibit a or exhibit b ( either , a " commencement date " ) , and shall 
 continue until 12 month follow the commencement date unless ( i ) such other date as be specify as the termination date for any applicable service in 
 this agreement or on exhibit a or exhibit b , as applicable ( the " term " ) or ( ii ) early terminate pursuant to this agreement ( a " termination date " ) . 
 section 6.2 termination of service . except as agree by the party in writing or as otherwise state in the exhibit , company may terminate for 
 convenience any transition service , and rghi may terminate for convenience any reverse transition service , upon 30 day ' prior write notice of such 
 termination; provide , ( a ) that , with respect to the service describe in section g1 of exhibit a , unless otherwise indicate therein , those service may 
 not be terminate independently except in accordance with an agree migration plan and , ( b ) any unamortized cost associate with provider ’s purchase 
 of any license or other cost incur specifically for the purpose of provide the service hereunder will be pass through to the terminate party . 
 upon termination of any service pursuant to this section 6.2 , the terminate party ’s obligation 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 to pay for such service will cease except any sum accrue or due as of the date of such early termination for service render ( which shall include ( i ) 
 any amount contemplate by 6.2(b ) , plus ( ii ) a pro rata portion of any fee applicable to the current period in which such service be be perform if 
 the applicable fee be determine on a period by period basis as set forth on exhibit a or exhibit b , as applicable ) . the provision of this section 6.2 shall 
 apply mutatis mutandi with respect to any assignment of this agreement subject to section 10.10(b ) and the party will negotiate in good faith 
 regard fee allocation and , if necessary , early termination or partial termination of any service . 
 section 6.3 termination of agreement . this agreement shall terminate when the termination date have occur for all service . in addition , this 
 agreement may be terminate by either party ( the " terminate party " ) upon write notice to the other party ( which notice , in case of material breach , 
 shall specify the basis for such claim for breach ) , if : 
 ( a ) the other party or its affiliate materially breach this agreement and such breach be not cure , to the reasonable satisfaction of the 
 terminate party , within thirty ( 30 ) day of write notice thereof , it be understand that a good - faith dispute over an invoice or service shall not 
 constitute a material breach of this agreement; or 
 ( b ) the other party file for bankruptcy or similar proceeding , be the subject of an involuntary filing for bankruptcy or similar proceeding ( not 
 dismiss within sixty ( 60 ) day ) , make a general assignment of all or substantially all of its asset for the benefit of creditor , become or be 
 declare insolvent , become the subject of any proceeding ( not dismiss within sixty ( 60 ) day ) relate to its liquidation , insolvency , bankruptcy 
 or the appointment of a trustee or a receiver , take any corporate action for its wind up or dissolution , or a court approve reorganization 
 proceeding on such party . 
 section 6.4 effect of termination . upon any termination or expiration of this agreement or any service provide hereunder : 
 ( a ) each party shall , and shall cause its affiliate to , as soon as practicable , return to the other party any equipment , book , record , file and 
 other property , not include current or archived copy of computer file , of the other party , its affiliate and their respective third - party service 
 provider , that be in the party ’s or its affiliate ' possession or control ( and , in case of termination of one or more specific service , only the 
 equipment , book , record , file and other property , not include current or archived copy of computer file , that be use in connection with the 
 provision or receipt solely of such service and of no other services); and 
 ( b ) the intellectual property license grant by section 8.2 shall terminate; provide , however , that in the case of termination of a specific 
 service , such license shall terminate only to the extent such license be necessary for the provision or receipt of such service and be not necessary 
 for any other service that have not yet terminate . 
 section 6.5 survival . the follow article and section shall survive the termination or expiration of this agreement , include the right and 
 obligation of each party thereunder : article i; article v; this article vi; article vii; article ix; and article x. 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 article vii 
 book and record 
 section 7.1 tsa book and record . 
 ( a ) the party shall , and shall cause each of their respective affiliate to , take reasonable step to maintain book and record of all material 
 transaction pertain to , and all datum use by it , in the performance of the service ( the " tsa record " ) . the tsa record shall be maintain 
 ( a ) in a format substantially similar to the format such book and record be maintain as of the date hereof , ( b ) in accordance with any and all 
 applicable law and ( c ) in accordance with the maintain party ’s business record retention policy . 
 ( b ) each party shall make the tsa record it maintain available to the other party and its affiliate and their respective auditor or other 
 representative , and in any event to any governmental authority , during normal business hour on reasonable prior notice ( it be understand 
 that tsa record that be not store on a party ’s regular business premise will require additional time to retrieve ) , for review , inspection , 
 examination and , at the review party ’s reasonable expense , reproduction . access to such tsa record shall be exercise by a party and its 
 affiliate and their authorized representative in a manner that shall not interfere unreasonably with the normal operation of the party maintain 
 the tsa record . in connection with such review of tsa record , and upon reasonable prior notice , a review party and its affiliate shall have 
 the right to discuss matter relate to the tsa record with the employee of the party or its affiliate who be maintain the relevant tsa 
 record and provide the service , as applicable , during regular business hour and without undue disruption of the normal operation of such 
 maintain and provide party or its affiliate . neither party shall have access to any tsa record , and neither party shall be require to provide 
 access or disclose information , when such access or disclosure would jeopardize any attorney - client privilege or violate any applicable law 
 ( provide that such party shall use commercially reasonable effort to provide such access or share such information in a manner that would not 
 jeopardize any such privilege or violate any such law ) . each party ’s right under this section 7.1(b ) shall continue for so long as tsa record be 
 require to be maintain by the other party under section 7.1(a ) . 
 section 7.2 access to information; book and record . 
 ( a ) on and after the commencement date , rghi shall , and shall cause its affiliate to , until the 6th anniversary of the commencement date , 
 afford to rcp and its employee and authorize representative during normal business hour reasonable access to their book of account , 
 financial and other record ( include accountant ’s work paper ) , information , employee and auditor at the company ’s expense to the extent 
 necessary or useful for the company in connection with any audit , investigation , or dispute or litigation ( other than any litigation involve a 
 dispute between the party ) or any other reasonable business purpose relate to the business; provide that any such access by rcp shall not 
 unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of rghi and its affiliate . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) after the commencement date , rcp shall , and shall cause its affiliate to , until the 7th anniversary of the date on which rghl or its 
 affiliate own less than 10 of the capital stock in rcp , afford to rghi and its employee and authorize representative reasonable access to 
 rcp ’s employee and auditor , retain all book , record ( include accountant ’s work paper ) , and other information and document pertain to 
 the business in existence on the commencement date and make available for inspection and copying by rghi ( at rghi ’s expense ) during normal 
 business hour , in each case so as not to unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of rcp and its affiliate , such information ( a ) as 
 may be require by any governmental authority , include pursuant to any applicable law or regulatory request or to prepare or file any tax 
 relate documentation , ( b ) as may be necessary for rghi or its affiliate in connection with their ongoing financial reporting , accounting or other 
 purpose relate to rghi and company ’s affiliation immediately prior to the commencement date , or ( c ) as may be necessary for rghi or its 
 affiliate to perform their respective obligation pursuant to this agreement or in connection with any litigation ( other than any litigation 
 involve a dispute between the party ) , in each case subject to compliance with all applicable privacy law . 
 ( c ) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section 7.2 , the party grant access under section 7.2(a ) or section 7.2(b ) may 
 withhold any document ( or portion thereof ) or information ( i ) that be subject to the term of a non - disclosure agreement with a third party 
 ( provide that such party shall use commercially reasonable effort to share such information in a manner that would not violate any such 
 obligation ) , ( ii ) that may constitute privileged attorney - client communication or attorney work product and the transfer of which , or the provision 
 of access to which , as reasonably determine by such party ’s counsel , constitute a waiver of any such privilege ( provide that such party shall 
 use commercially reasonable effort to share such information in a manner that would not jeopardize any such privilege ) , or ( iii ) if the provision of 
 access to such document ( or portion thereof ) or information , as determine by such party ’s counsel , would reasonably be expect to conflict with 
 applicable law . 
 section 7.3 non - disclosure agreement . to the extent that any third - party proprietor of information or software to be disclose or make available 
 to a recipient in connection with performance of the service require a specific form of non - disclosure agreement as a condition of such third party ’s 
 consent to use the same for the benefit of recipient or to permit the recipient access to such information or software , each party shall , or shall cause its 
 relevant affiliate to , as a condition to the receipt of such portion of the service , execute ( and shall cause its personnel to execute , if reasonably require ) 
 any such form . 
 section 7.4 confidential information . 
 ( a ) each party agree to take the necessary step to protect any confidential information of the other party with at least the same degree of 
 care that the receive party use to protect its own confidential or proprietary information of like kind , but not less than reasonable care . neither 
 party shall use the other party ’s confidential information other than to perform service pursuant to this agreement or pursuant to section 7.2 
 herein . the obligation of confidentiality hereunder shall not apply to information that ( i ) be already 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 in the possession of the receive party without restriction on its use or disclosure prior to the receipt of the information from the disclosing party , 
 ( ii ) be or become available to the general public through no act or fault of the receive party , ( iii ) be rightfully disclose to the receive party by a 
 third party without restriction on its use or disclosure , ( iv ) be independently develop by employee and/or consultant of the receive party who 
 have not have access to the disclosing party ’s confidential information , ( v ) be disclose to the receive party after the receive party properly 
 give notice to the disclosing party that the receive party no long desire to receive any additional confidential information from the disclosing 
 party , or ( vi ) be require to be disclose pursuant to judicial or governmental decree or order , provide that the disclosing party be , where permit , 
 give prompt write notice of and the opportunity to defend against disclosure pursuant to such decree or order . 
 ( b ) upon any termination or expiration of this agreement , at the write request of the other party , each party shall , and shall cause any of its 
 affiliate or third - party vendor use in connection with the provision or receipt of the service to , deliver to the other party ( i ) all record and datum 
 ( include backup tape , record and related information ) receive , compute , develop , process and store by it hereunder in a readable 
 format reasonably acceptable to the other party , and ( ii ) all other confidential information of such other party , but exclude , in each case , ( 1 ) any 
 information store electronically in a back - up file pursuant to the receive party ’s customary electronic back - up practice which may be retain 
 by such party solely for archival purpose and subject to the continue confidentiality obligation set forth in herein , and ( 2 ) any information 
 obtain pursuant to section 7.2 herein; provide that , in lieu of deliver all of the foregoing to the other party , the relevant deliver party may 
 confirm in write that it have destroy , or have cause rghi or company , as the case may be , to destroy , all of the foregoing . 
 article viii 
 intellectual property 
 section 8.1 ownership of intellectual property . any intellectual property own by a party , its affiliate or third - party vendor and use in 
 connection with the provision or receipt of the service , as applicable , shall remain the property of such party , its affiliate , or third - party vendor . 
 section 8.2 license . each party grant , and shall cause its affiliate to grant , to the other party and its affiliate , a royalty - free , non - exclusive , non- 
 transferable , worldwide license , during the term , to use the intellectual property own by such party or its affiliate ( but exclude any trademark ) only 
 to the extent necessary for the other party and its affiliate to provide or receive the service , as applicable . other than the license grant to a party and 
 its affiliate pursuant to the precede sentence , neither party nor its affiliate shall have any right , title or interest in the intellectual property own by 
 the other party or its affiliate . 
 section 8.3 use of rcp name . by the third anniversary of the commencement date , rghi and its affiliate will change its corporate name to 
 remove rcp name and will cease use of rcp name as trademark unless such use be pursuant to a separate license agreement with rcp . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 article ix 
 remedy 
 section 9.1 indemnification . subject to the limitation set forth in this article ix , each party ( the " indemnifying party " ) agree to indemnify , defend 
 and hold harmless the other party and its affiliate and its and their respective director , officer , employee , agent , representative , successor and 
 permit assign ( collectively , the " indemnified party " ) from and against all loss impose upon or incur by an indemnified party to the extent 
 arise out of or result from the indemnify party ’s or its affiliate ' material breach of this agreement , except to the extent that such loss be 
 primarily cause by the indemnified party . 
 section 9.2 exclusive remedy . the indemnity provide for in section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclusive monetary remedy of the party hereto and 
 their affiliate and their respective officer , director , employee , agent , representative , successor and permit assign for any breach of or 
 inaccuracy in any representation or warranty or any breach , nonfulfillment or default in the performance of any of the covenant or agreement contain 
 in this agreement , and the party shall not be entitle to a rescission of this agreement or to any further indemnification right or claim of any nature 
 whatsoever in respect thereof ( include any common law right of contribution ) , all of which the party hereto hereby waive . 
 section 9.3 disclaimer . except as expressly set forth in this agreement , ( a ) no party make any representation or 
 warranty of any kind , express or imply , with respect to the material and service , as applicable , provide 
 hereunder , and all such material and service , as applicable , be provide on an " as be " basis and ( b ) each party 
 disclaim any and all warranty , express or imply , include any imply warranty of merchantability , non- 
 infringement or fitness for a particular purpose . 
 section 9.4 limitation . 
 ( a ) in no event shall any party be liable to the other party for any indirect , special , exemplary , punitive or 
 consequential damage , or lose profit or lose revenue that the other party may incur by reason of its having 
 enter into or rely upon this agreement , or in connection with any of the service provide hereunder or the 
 failure thereof , regardless of the form of action in which such damage be assert , whether in contract or 
 tort ( include negligence ) or otherwise , even if advise of the possibility of the same other than to the extent 
 award in a third party claim . 
 ( b ) except with respect to a material breach constitute willful misconduct by a provider , repeat 
 performance of a service by the provider or refund of the fee pay for a service shall be the sole and exclusive 
 remedy for breach of the service standard for such service . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 ( c ) in no event shall a party ’s liability in relation to service provide under this agreement exceed the fee 
 pay to it under this agreement for the specific service that result in the loss . 
 section 9.5 insurance . each party shall obtain and maintain , for the term ( i ) commercial general liability insurance with a single combine liability 
 limit of at least 5,000,000 per occurrence , ( ii ) worker compensation / employer ’s liability insurance with a liability limit of at least 1,000,000 per occurrence 
 or , if great , the statutory minimum , and ( iii ) " all risk " property insurance on a replacement cost basis adequate to cover all asset and business 
 interruption loss that a party may suffer in connection with or arise out of this agreement , subject to policy limit , and in the case of the policy 
 describe in clause ( i ) above , name the other party as an additional insure thereunder . upon request , each party shall provide the other party a 
 certificate of insurance as proof of insurance coverage . 
 article x 
 miscellaneous 
 section 10.1 force majeure . in the event that a party be wholly or partially prevent from , or delay in , provide one or more service , or one or 
 more service be interrupt or suspend , by reason of event beyond their reasonable control , which by their nature be not foresee , or , if it be 
 foresee , be not reasonably avoidable , include act of god , act of governmental authority , act of the public enemy or due to fire , explosion , accident , 
 flood , embargo , epidemic , war , act of terrorism , nuclear disaster , civil unrest or riot , civil commotion , insurrection , severe or adverse weather 
 condition , lack of or shortage of adequate electrical power , malfunction of equipment or software ( each , a " force majeure event " ) , such party shall 
 promptly give notice of any such force majeure event to company and shall indicate in such notice the effect of such event on their ability to perform 
 hereunder and the anticipated duration of such event . the party whose performance be affect by the force majeure event shall not be obligate to 
 deliver or cause to be deliver the affected service during such period , and the applicable party shall not be obligate to pay during such period for 
 any affected service not deliver . during the duration of a force majeure event , the party whose performance be affect by the force majeure event 
 shall , and shall cause their relevant affiliate to , minimize to the extent practicable the effect of the force majeure event on their obligation hereunder 
 and use commercially reasonable effort to avoid or remove such force majeure event and to resume delivery of the affect service with the least 
 delay practicable . 
 section 10.2 authority . a provider shall not be permit to bind a recipient or any of its affiliate or enter into any agreement ( oral or write ) , 
 contract , lease , license or other document ( include the signing of check , note , bill of exchange or any other document , or access any fund 
 from any bank account of recipient or any of its affiliate ) on behalf of recipient or any of its affiliate except with the express prior write consent of 
 recipient , which consent may be give from time to time as the need arise and for such limited purpose as express therein . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section 10.3 specific performance . the party shall be entitle to seek an injunction to prevent actual or threatened breach of this agreement 
 and to enforce specifically the term and provision of this agreement , this be in addition to any other remedy to which they be entitle at law or in 
 equity . for the avoidance of doubt , nothing contain herein shall prevent a party from seek damage ( to the extent permit herein ) in the event that 
 specific performance be not available . 
 section 10.4 status of party . this agreement be not intend to create , nor will it be deem or construe to create , any relationship between 
 rghi and its affiliate , on the one hand , and company and its respective affiliate , on the other hand , other than that of independent entity 
 contracting with each other solely for the purpose of effect the provision of this agreement . neither rghi and its affiliate , on the one hand , nor 
 company and its affiliate , on the other hand , shall be construe to be the agent of the other . 
 section 10.5 notice . all notice , request , claim , demand and other communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be give by delivery 
 in person , by facsimile ( follow by overnight courier ) , email ( follow by overnight courier ) , or by register or certify mail ( postage prepay , return 
 receipt request ) to the other party hereto as follow : 
 if to company , 
 reynold consumer products inc . 
 1900 w. field court 
 lake forest , il 60045 
 attention : 
 david watson 
 email : 
 david.watsonreynoldsbrands.com 
 if to rghi , 
 reynolds group holdings inc . 
 1900 w. field court 
 lake forest , il 60045 
 attention : 
 joseph doyle 
 email : 
 joseph.doylerankna.com 
 with a copy ( which shall not constitute notice ) to : 
 reynolds group holdings limit 
 level nine 
 148 quay street 
 p.o . box 3515 
 auckland , new zealand 
 attention : 
 helen golding 
 email : 
 helen.goldingrankgroup.co.nz 
 or such other address , email or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other party hereto . all such notice , 
 request and other communication shall be deem receive on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if receive prior to 5:00 p.m. on a business 
 day in the place of receipt . otherwise , any such notice , request or 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 communication shall be deem to have be receive on the next succeed business day in the place of receipt . notwithstanding the forgo , normal 
 business communication with respect to the service may be give by the party by whatever mean be usual and appropriate for such type of 
 communication . 
 section 10.6 entire agreement . this agreement , include all exhibit , constitute the sole and entire agreement and supersede all prior agreement , 
 understanding and representation , both write and oral , between the party with respect to the subject matter hereof provide , however , nothing in 
 this agreement shall supersede any other agreement or understanding enter into in connection with the initial public offering of the company . 
 section 10.7 waiver and amendments; non - contractual remedies; preservation of remedy . no amendment , modification or discharge of this 
 agreement , and no waiver hereunder , shall be valid or binding unless set forth in writing and duly execute by the party against whom enforcement of 
 the amendment , modification , discharge or waiver be seek . any such waiver shall constitute a waiver only with respect to the specific matter describe 
 in such writing and shall in no way impair the right of the party grant such waiver in any other respect or at any other time . neither the waiver by any 
 of the party hereto of a breach of or a default under any of the provision of this agreement , nor the failure by any of the party , on one or more 
 occasion , to enforce any of the provision of this agreement or to exercise any right or privilege hereunder , shall be construe as a waiver of any other 
 breach or default of a similar nature , or as a waiver of any of such provision , right or privilege hereunder . the right and remedy herein provide be 
 cumulative and none be exclusive of any other , or of any right or remedy that any party may otherwise have at law or in equity . 
 section 10.8 governing law , etc . 
 ( a ) this agreement shall be govern in all respect , include as to validity , interpretation and effect , by the law of the state of illinois , 
 without give effect to its principle or rule of conflict of law , to the extent such principle or rule be not mandatorily applicable by statute and 
 would permit or require the application of the law of another jurisdiction . each of the party hereto submit to the jurisdiction of any state or 
 federal court sit in lake county , illinois , in any action or proceeding arise out of or relate to this agreement , agree to bring all claim under 
 any theory of liability in respect of such action or proceed exclusively in any such court and agree not to bring any action or proceeding 
 arise out of or relate to this agreement in any other court . each of the party hereto waif any defense of inconvenient forum to the 
 maintenance of any action or proceed so bring and waive any bond , surety or other security that might be require of any other party with 
 respect thereto . each party hereto agree that service of summon and complaint or any other process that might be serve in any action or 
 proceeding may be make on such party by send or deliver a copy of the process to the party to be serve at the address of the party and in 
 the manner provide for the giving of notice in section 10.5 . nothing in this section 10.8 , however , shall affect the right of any party to serve legal 
 process in any other manner permit by law . each party hereto agree that a final , non - appealable judgment in any action or proceed so 
 bring shall be conclusive and may be enforce by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provide by law . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 ( b ) the party each hereby waive , to the full extent permit by law , any right to trial by jury of any claim , demand , action , or cause of 
 action ( i ) arise under this agreement or ( ii ) in any way connect with or related or incidental to the dealing of the party hereto in respect of 
 this agreement or any of the transaction relate hereto , in each case whether now exist or hereafter arising , and whether in contract , tort , 
 equity , or otherwise . the party to this agreement each hereby agree and consent that any such claim , demand , action , or cause of action shall be 
 decide by court trial without a jury and that the party to this agreement may file an original counterpart of a copy of this agreement with any 
 court as write evidence of the consent of the party hereto to the waiver of their right to trial by jury . 
 section 10.9 further assurance . each party covenant and agree that , without any additional consideration , it shall execute and deliver , or shall 
 cause its affiliate to execute and deliver , such document and other paper and shall take , or shall cause its affiliate to take , such further action as 
 may be reasonably require to carry out the provision of this agreement and give effect to the transaction contemplate by this agreement . 
 section 10.10 assignment . no party may assign this agreement , or any of its right or obligation under this agreement ( whether by operation of 
 law or otherwise ) , without the prior write consent of the other party; provide , that notwithstanding the foregoing , any party may assign any or all of 
 its right or obligation under this agreement without the consent of the other party to : ( a ) its affiliate , ( b ) a purchaser of : ( i ) one or more of its affiliate 
 that be a provider or recipient under this agreement; ( ii ) all or substantially all of the business or asset of one or more of its affiliate that be a provider 
 or recipient under this agreement; or ( iii ) all or substantially all of such party ’s business or asset , or ( c ) its financing source solely for collateral 
 purpose , in each case so long as the assignee agree to be bind by the term of this agreement . any permit assignment shall be bind upon and 
 inure to the benefit of the party and their respective heir , successor and permit assign . any attempt assignment of this agreement , or the 
 right or obligation herein , not in accordance with the term of this section 10.10 shall be void . if an rghi affiliate provider be no long affiliate with 
 rghi due to the sale of all or substantially all of the business or asset of such affiliate to a third party , rghi shall cause such affiliate to agree to 
 continue provide the service that it be provide at the time of such transaction consistent with the term of this agreement for the remain term . 
 section 10.11 multi - party contract . the company and rghi will use all commercially reasonable effort to obtain within 24 month follow the 
 commencement date , from the counterparty to each multi - party contract any need consent to separate the portion of such contract that relate to the 
 good or service purchase from or supply to the business under such multi - party contract ( include but not limit to assignment or partial 
 assignment of such contract to the company or rghi or its affiliate ) . the contract constitute the separated portion of any multi - party contract that 
 relate to the business as describe in the precede sentence shall be assume by and become the responsibility of the company . each party make 
 purchase or receive service under any multi - party contract shall indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its affiliate for any claim , 
 damage , etc . arise out of such purchase or receipt of service . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section 10.12 letter of credit and guarantee . rghi and the company shall use commercially reasonable effort to cause all rghi letter of credit 
 and rghi guarantee , in each case with respect to the company , to be cancel or terminate , as of the commencement date such that rghi and its 
 affiliate shall be release and have no further obligation or liability ( contingent or otherwise ) under such rghi letter of credit or rghi guarantee ( to 
 the extent applicable to the company ) from and after the commencement date . with respect to any rghi letter of credit or rghi guarantee not 
 terminate at the commencement date , rcp shall use commercially reasonable effort to replace , cash collateralize or otherwise " backstop " such rghi 
 letter of credit and rghi guarantee at or prior to the commencement date . follow the commencement date , rcp shall indemnify rghi and its 
 affiliate against any and all loss suffer or incur in connection with the company under the rghi guarantee or rghi letter of credit . 
 section 10.13 severability . if any term or other provision of this agreement be determine by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid , illegal 
 or unenforceable , all other provision of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the 
 transaction contemplate hereby be not affect in any manner materially adverse to any party . upon any such determination , the party shall negotiate 
 in good faith to modify this agreement so as to effect the original intent of the party as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the 
 transaction contemplate hereby be consummate as originally contemplate to the full extent possible . 
 section 10.14 interpretation . 
 ( a ) the party acknowledge and agree that , except as specifically provide herein , they may pursue judicial remedy at law or equity in the 
 event of a dispute with respect to the interpretation or construction of this agreement . 
 ( b ) this agreement shall be interpret and enforce in accordance with the provision hereof without the aid of any canon , custom or rule 
 of law require or suggest constitution against the party cause the drafting of the provision in question . 
 section 10.15 no third - party beneficiary . other than the right grant to the indemnified party under section 9.1 , nothing in this agreement be 
 intend or shall be construe to give any person , other than the party hereto , their successor and permit novate , transferee and assign , any 
 legal or equitable right , remedy or claim under or in respect of this agreement or any provision contain herein . 
 section 10.16 counterpart . this agreement may be execute in several counterpart , each of which shall be deem an original and all of which 
 shall together constitute one and the same instrument . delivery of an execute counterpart of a signature page to this agreement by facsimile or scan 
 page shall be effective as delivery of a manually execute counterpart to this agreement . 
 section 10.17 heading . the heading in this agreement be for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this agreement . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section 10.18 order of precedence . in the event of any conflict between the provision of any exhibit and the other provision of this agreement , 
 the other provision of this agreement shall govern , except to the extent that the relevant provision of the exhibit expressly identify the provision of 
 this agreement it supersede and expressly indicate that such provision be be supersede or this agreement expressly indicate that the exhibit 
 govern . 
 [ signature page follow ] 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 in witness whereof , the party have execute this agreement as of the date first write above . 
 reynolds group holdings inc . 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 reynold consumer products inc . 
 by : 
 name : 
 title : 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 exhibit a 
 transition service 
 section g1 : it services12 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 
 commencement 
 date – 2020 
 monthly 
 fee 
 ( usd ) – 

 g1.1 
 it service category : major application – hosting and infrastructure support 
 hosting – share and 
 dedicate 
 environment 
 provision of infrastructure and host service at rghi ’s 
 datum center for shared hardware and hardware dedicate to 
 rcp ’s system . service include : 
 •     access to and use of the note application group 
 •     disaster recovery 
 •     administration 
 •     security management 
 •     help desk service 
 •     backup / restore management 
 service also include provision of equivalent access to this 
 set of rcp application in alternative datum center(s ) upon 
 migration to rcp ’s new operate environment(s ) , and/or 
 equivalent service from alternative provider , manage 
 under this agreement by rghi . 
 all service in 
 group 24 month 
 from the 
 commencement 
 date 
 termination can 
 only be as per an 
 agree migration 
 plan 
 g1.1.1 
 autosy 
 job scheduling and monitor system . 
 10,109 
 tbd 

 where reference be make to rghi ’s data center , this mean either ( 1 ) the lincolnshire facility at 605 heathrow drive , ( 2 ) the lake forest backup data 
 center at 1900 west field court , or ( 3 ) the cloud service provider select to house certain infrastructure operation from time to time during the 
 term and migration . 

 fee for 2021 be not yet finalize , and will be negotiate in good faith by rghi and rcp during the course of 2020 . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 
 commencement 
 date – 2020 
 monthly 
 fee 
 ( usd ) – 

 g1.1.2 
 citrix / virtual desktop 
 vdi environment for remote application routing and access . 
 5,834 
 tbd 
 g1.1.3 
 collaboration – email , 
 instant messaging & 
 team 
 ms exchange email service , outlook integration , ms team , 
 and skype for business instant messaging / collaboration . 
 32,155 
 tbd 
 g1.1.4 
 crm 
 rcp ’s instance of the ms dynamic customer relationship 
 management system . 
 2,014 
 tbd 
 g1.1.5 
 easy software 
 easy payment software suite for account payable 
 management . 
 5,073 
 tbd 
 g1.1.6 
 edi infrastructure 
 electronic datum interchange service for transactional 
 interfacing with vendor and supplier . 
 4,094 
 tbd 
 g1.1.7 
 hp dazel 
 sap printing control subsystem . 
 5,918 
 tbd 
 g1.1.8 
 hyperion / hfm 
 hyperion financial management system for consolidation and 
 reporting . 
 4,028 
 tbd 
 g1.1.9 
 jda 
 jda suite of application for planning and transportation 
 management . 
 4,815 
 tbd 
 g1.1.10 
 rightfax 
 electronic fax message system . 
 2,292 
 tbd 
 g1.1.11 
 rpa / aa 
 automation anywhere ecosystem for robotic process 
 automation . 
 11,861 
 tbd 
 g1.1.12 
 sabrix 
 thomson reuter sale and use tax calculation engine . 
 7,597 
 tbd 
 g1.1.13 
 sharepoint 
 ms sharepoint environment for collaboration , file - sharing and 
 intranet delivery . 
 9,649 
 tbd 
 g1.1.14 
 maintenance connect 
 plant maintenance system . 
 4,316 
 tbd 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 
 commencement 
 date – 2020 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 

 g1.2 
 it service category : support service 
 general support 
 service 
 overall service associate with delivery of general 
 support from rghi to rcp , include component 
 such as : 
 •     administration of vendors 
 •     procurement 
 •     network management 
 •     infrastructure administration and 
 management 
 all service in 
 group 24 month 
 from the 
 commencement 
 date 
 termination can 
 only be as per an 
 agree migration 
 plan 
 g1.2.1 
 site security 
 application service 
 management of various site security system , badge 
 processing , video surveillance . 
 1,583 
 tbd 
 g1.2.2 
 desktop & site 
 management 
 centralized management service for facility 
 environment : patching , backup , package delivery , 
 imaging , rf device support . 
 39,079 
 tbd 
 g1.2.3 
 it security 
 provisioning 
 management of security provision for all 
 application and access , include sso and ad . 
 18,479 
 tbd 
 g1.2.4 
 it procurement 
 handling of procurement activity for exist and 
 new vendor , include contract management , sow 
 completion , pr and po processing . 
 9,233 
 tbd 
 g1.2.5 
 it finance 
 payment , allocation processing , invoicing & 
 reporting , and budget for exist and new 
 vendor . 
 11,113 
 tbd 
 g1.2.6 
 voice and cellular 
 phone support 
 general provisioning and management of voip 
 service and cru mobility with vendor . 
 12,137 
 tbd 
 g1.2.7 
 microsoft tenant 
 management 
 interaction with the ms cloud services agency for 
 ms tenancy management and administration in 
 azure . 
 15,637 
 tbd 
 g1.2.8 
 aw tenant 
 management 
 interaction with the aws cloud services agency and 
 lemongrass for aw tenancy management and 
 administration in amazon . 
 36,835 
 tbd 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 
 commencement 
 date – 2020 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 

 g1.2.9 
 lan & wan 
 management 
 provisioning , monitoring , troubleshooting and 
 administration of all long distance and local network 
 facility , include at&t ( and other ) mpls , 
 dmvpn , router and switch , and wi - fi aps . 
 97,353 
 tbd 
 g1.2.10 
 governance 
 overall management of service deliver under 
 this agreement . 
 41,820 
 tbd 
 g1.2.11 
 sap basis 
 support for sap technical environment , 
 configuration , and database management . 
 61,082 
 tbd 
 g1.2.12 
 sql management 
 management of environment for miscellaneous 
 ms sql database / system . 
 32,720 
 tbd 
 g1.2.13 
 base infrastructure 
 all management and administration of core 
 datacenter environment in support of all 
 centralized application and utility delivery , 
 include all service associate with the 
 lincolnshire datum center , cloud hosting 
 environment , third party administration and 
 support service . 
 220,775 
 tbd 
 g1.3 
 it service category : general pass - thru / variable cost 
 variable and pass - thru 
 cost 
 service fee for consumption or license 
 maintenance as levy by vendor to rghi base 
 on rcp utilization of such service or license . 
 all service in 
 group 24 month 
 from the 
 commencement 
 date 
 termination will 
 occur as service 
 be contract 
 directly with rcp 
 all service cost be pass- 
 through of actual third- 
 party cost incur in 
 provide the service 
 g1.3.1 
 wan service – site 
 network 
 vendor ( at&t and other ) cost for usage of mpls 
 and isp service . 
 g1.3.2 
 voice and cellular 
 phone service 
 local , long distance , & mobile usage cost . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 
 commencement 
 date – 2020 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 

 g1.3.3 
 multi - function device 
 ( mfd ) service 
 lexmark usage and consumable cost . 
 g1.3.4 
 host – microsoft 
 o365 – microsoft usage 
 g1.3.5 
 licensing — microsoft 
 microsoft license maintenance ( sa ) and subscription . 
 g1.3.6 
 licensing – sap 
 sap license maintenance – r/3 
 g1.3.7 
 licensing — sap bi / mii 
 sap license maintenance – bi ( hana ) , mii ( ifp ) 
 g1.3.8 
 licensing — 
 oracle / hfm 
 oracle license maintenance for hyperion financial manager . 
 g1.3.9 
 licensing – jda 
 jda transportation and planning license maintenance fee . 
 g1.3.10 
 licensing – gep 
 ge procurement system license fee . 
 g1.3.11 
 licensing – novatus 
 novatus contract management system license fee . 
 g1.3.12 
 licensing – 
 thingworx 
 thingwork ( ptc ) license fee ( ifp ) . 
 g1.3.13 
 licensing – winshuttle 
 winshuttle ( mdm management ) license fee . 
 g1.3.14 
 licensing – specright 
 specright license fee . 
 g1.3.15 
 domain name 
 domain name annual registration fee . 
 g1.3.16 
 it procurement – fee 
 hardware / software / service procure on behalf of rcp . 
 g1.3.17 
 licensing – other 
 krono , minitab , & knowbe4 , plus other miscellaneous minor 
 license maintenance fee . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee ( usd ) – 
 commencement date – 2020 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 2021 
 g1.4 
 it service category : project management / it consulting3 
 g1.4.1 
 discretionary 
 enhancement 
 any system change or enhancement 
 to the technical operating environment 
 ( exclude , for the avoidance of doubt , 
 migration service describe in g1.4.4 ) 
 request by rcp during the term 
 require agreement between rghi and 
 rcp . provision of this service be subject 
 to the availability of internal resource 
 within rghi and agreement between the 
 party regard the scope of the 
 change / enhancement . 
 where this service be use , the rate will 
 be as follow : 
 •     project manager at 150 / hour 
 •     senior engineer at 200 / hour 
 •     junior engineer at 150 / hour 
 24 month from the 
 commencement 
 date 
 quote hourly rate with respect 
 to the particular service to be 
 provide 
 plus the pass - through of actual 
 third - party cost incur in 
 provide the service 
 quote 
 hourly rate 
 with respect 
 to the 
 particular 
 service to be 
 provide 
 plus the 
 pass- 
 through of 
 actual third- 
 party cost 
 incur in 
 provide 
 the service 
 g1.4.2 
 it consult service 
 provision of advice , guidance and 
 recommendation on new service 
 ( exclude , for the avoidance of doubt , 
 migration service describe in g1.4.4 ) , 
 new technical solution relate to 
 application and infrastructure , etc . 
 provision of this service be subject to 
 availability of internal resource within 
 rghi and agreement between the 
 party . where this service be use , the 
 rate will be as follow : 
 •     it consult service at 200 
 / hour 
 24 month from the 
 commencement 
 date 
 quote hourly rate with respect 
 to the particular service to be 
 provide 
 plus the pass - through of actual 
 third - party cost incur in 
 provide the service 
 quote 
 hourly rate 
 with respect 
 to the 
 particular 
 service to be 
 provide 
 plus the 
 pass- 
 through of 
 actual third- 
 party cost 
 incur in 
 provide 
 the service 

 rghi shall provide the first 3,500 hour of internal labor pursuant to g1.4.1 , g1.4.2 , g1.4.3 , and g1.4.4 at no charge; thereafter , the state rate shall 
 apply . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee ( usd ) – 
 commencement date – 2020 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 2021 
 g1.4.3 
 project management 
 service 
 provision of project management 
 service and resource and technical 
 resource require to deliver project 
 agree between rghi and rcp 
 ( exclude , for the avoidance of doubt , 
 migration service describe in g1.4.4 ) . 
 provision of this service be subject to 
 availability of internal resource within 
 rghi and agreement between the 
 party . where this service be use , the 
 rate will be as follow : 
 •     project manager at 150 / hour 
 •     senior engineer at 200 / hour 
 •     junior engineer at 150 / hour 
 any cost for engage external 
 resource will be pass through to 
 rcp . 
 24 month from the 
 commencement 
 date 
 quote hourly rate with respect 
 to the particular service to be 
 provide 
 plus the pass - through of actual 
 third - party cost incur in 
 provide the service 
 quote 
 hourly rate 
 with respect 
 to the 
 particular 
 service to be 
 provide 
 plus the 
 pass- 
 through of 
 actual third- 
 party cost 
 incur in 
 provide 
 the service 
 g1.4.4 
 migration service 
 project service to manage and execute 
 the extraction of it operation from the 
 rls manage environment(s ) and 
 enable rcp to exit this tsa , as define 
 in the tsa migration service in 
 section 2.1.(c ) . 
 for the avoidance of doubt , this service 
 include all internal rghi labor and 
 third - party cost associate with project 
 management and execution of all 
 separation activity , and any license or 
 technology acquisition require to 
 facilitate the establishment of rcp ’s 
 new , stand - alone it environment and 
 the handover of same to rcp for future 
 management . 
 this service can not be terminate until 
 such time as separation have conclude 
 to the satisfaction of rghi and rcp . 
 24 month from the 
 commencement 
 date 
 quote hourly rate with respect 
 to the particular service to be 
 provide 
 plus the pass - through of actual 
 third - party cost incur in 
 provide the service 
 quote 
 hourly rate 
 with respect 
 to the 
 particular 
 service to be 
 provide 
 plus the 
 pass- 
 through of 
 actual third- 
 party cost 
 incur in 
 provide 
 the service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 
 commencement 
 date – 2020 
 monthly fee 
 ( usd ) – 2021 
 g1.4.5 
 crossover service 
 provision of desktop support and core application 
 service for scenario where people not transfer be 
 require to temporarily assist in rcp to augment 
 transfer people ’ expertise or capacity , 
 notwithstanding both party ’ intention to have these 
 area of support self - sufficient inside rcp by 
 commencement date . 
 12 month from 
 the 
 commencement 
 date 
 no fee 
 no fee 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section g2 : hr service 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g2.1 
 general hr – ancillary 
 service 
 rghi will be available to provide transition of support and 
 agreement and provide support for meeting to share 
 information and answer any question with current vendor 
 regard current practice , include but not limit to 
 support for separation of 401(k ) , h&w , and pension plan . 
 the party shall cooperate in good faith regard preparation 
 of 5500 and aca report for plan year 2019 , with 
 responsibility for filing as follow : 
 •     401(k ) 5500 
 •     rghi shall file for exist employee saving plan 
 ( non - bargaining ) and employee saving plan for 
 pactiv bargaining 
 •     rcp shall file for employee saving plan for 
 reynold bargaining and any new company 
 saving plan establish as of the commencement 
 date 
 •     pension and h&w 5500 
 •     rghi shall file for reynolds services inc . group 
 benefit plan , pactiv retirement plan , reynold 
 services inc . group benefit plan for bargaining unit 
 employee , pactiv retiree health & welfare plan , 
 reynold group pension plan , evergreen packaging 
 pension plan 
 •     rcp shall file for new company plan establish as 
 of the commencement date 
 •     aca report 
 •     rcp shall coordinate filing 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 no fee 
 g2.2 
 general hr – administrative 
 service 
 administrative assistant , hr benefit will be available ( 50 ) 
 to provide service to rcp under a secondment agreement . 
 service will include all as currently provide , include : 
 preparation of informational bulletin relate to benefit , 
 vendor billing administration , track vendor performance 
 guarantee , and general administrative duty . 
 the early of ( i ) 
 december 31 , 2020 or ( ii ) 
 the cessation of current 
 administrative 
 assistant ’s employment 
 3,300 per 
 month 
 plus pass- 
 through of 
 actual third- 
 party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g2.3 
 payroll service – system 
 and support 
 provision of payroll service comprise : 
 •     management of the relationship and contract with 
 adp and krono 
 •     software and host access to krono 
 •     ongoing support of interface file with adp and 
 third - party vendor consistent with current 
 practice , include management and oversight of 
 exist vendor feed 
 •     access to adp and krono so that rcp may 
 undertake : 
 •     processing salary and hourly payroll 
 •     new hire report 
 •     year - end tax reporting and preparation for 
 employee ( if applicable ) 
 •     payroll tax return preparation 
 •     access to hris reporting capability ( where 
 applicable and with exist vendor / feed ) 
 rcp will be responsible for generate their own report from 
 the payroll system . rghi and its affiliate will not permit the 
 payroll provider to create any additional program report 
 that be not part of the menu of standard report available to 
 rghi . 
 december 31 , 2020 
 11,000 per 
 month 
 29,150 per 
 month for adp 
 3,700 per 
 month for 
 kronos software 
 ( host fee 
 include in 
 section g1 ) 
 plus pass- 
 through of 
 actual third- 
 party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g2.4 
 payroll service – 
 consulting / project 
 management service 
 provision of access to rghi director of payroll & hris and 
 senior hris payroll analyst in relation to carve - out effort to 
 establish rcp instance of adp . 
 december 31 , 2020 
 100 per person 
 / per hour 
 plus pass- 
 through of 
 actual third- 
 party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g2.5 
 general hr – employment 
 service 
 employment of current director , supplier product and process 
 quality – europe & asia , include , without limitation , 
 provision of human resource support , payroll processing , 
 and benefit coverage . 
 the early of ( i ) the 
 transfer of director , 
 supplier product and 
 process quality – 
 europe & asia to rcp 
 or ( ii ) march 31 , 2020 
 pass - through of 
 actual cost and 
 third - party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section g3 : financial service 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g3.1 
 financial service – 
 technical accounting 
 provision of support and handover service for technical 
 accounting include : 
 •     assistance with accounting guidance in relation to 
 specific transaction ( i.e. lease review , casualty loss , 
 customer contract review , restructure , etc . ) , include 
 research ( consistent with past practice ) for review by 
 rcp management and auditor 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 125 per person / 
 per hour 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g3.2 
 financial service – 
 lease administration 
 provision of support and handover service for lease 
 administration include : 
 •     lease accounting and lease administration service 
 consistent with current practice and procedure , 
 include but not limit to : 
 •     mass datum upload leverage etl 
 template into costar system ( 10 + lease 
 record ) 
 •     upload of discount rate ( as prepare by 
 rcp ) 
 •     preparation of monthly and quarterly report 
 •     system control in relation to rghi instance 
 of costar , backup , exchange rate review , 
 facilitation of user security review , cost 
 center / hierarchy maintenance , etc . 
 •     assistance with system issue resolution 
 •     copy of all record , standard report , and schedule , 
 etc . from the costar system for purpose of adoption 
 of the lease accounting standard 
 the early of ( i ) 12 
 month from the 
 commencement date or 
 ( ii ) the date rcp obtain 
 its own instance of 
 costar 
 125 per person / 
 per hour 
 1,235 per month 
 for costar 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g3.3 
 financial service – 
 benefit report 
 support4 
 administration , execution , and handover of financial reporting 
 and accounting service for report require for financial 
 reporting relate to medical and benefit cost include vendor 
 cost tracking , and other hr / benefit relate accounting matter 
 consistent with past practice . 
 18 month from the 
 commencement date 
 3,365 per month 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 

 process re quarterly true - up will change during the term from reconcile claim by headcount to where incur and will reconcile back to the 
 commencement date . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g3.4 
 financial service – 
 treasury administration 
 handover service 
 reasonable provision of treasury administration handover 
 service , include : 
 •     assistance with transition signatory , online 
 access and other bank account transition 
 consideration if require ( include but not limit to 
 establishment of new banking platform ) 
 •     assistance with transition of administration of letter 
 of credit and any other assumed indebtedness 
 •     assistance with transition of corporate credit card 
 program administration 
 •     assistance with completion of development of the 
 structure and documentation of intercompany loan 
 agreement that be in process at the time of the 
 commencement date 
 •     model and historical cash management 
 report / material 
 •     assistance with cash settlement , movement relate 
 to trade balance , intercompany loan , dividend , 
 cash forecasting , and banking platform 
 •     assistance with development of daily cash report 
 preparation process 
 •     assistance with development of escheatment 
 reporting and filing process 
 •     training on review of bank - generate report 
 •     assistance with transition of wire transfer 
 administration ( i.e. authorization for token ) 
 •     backup assistance with wire transfer administration 
 and approval 
 •     support for day to day cash management activity 
 consistent with past practice 
 rghi and rcp shall work together in good faith to finalize 
 transition of the service denote with an asterisk ( ) above 
 within 3 month from the commencement date . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 95 
 per person / per 
 hour 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g3.5 
 financial service – 
 reporting application 
 support service 
 provision of access to and/or application support service for 
 fis integrity . service be subject to ability to apply security so 
 rcp can not view or access rghi datum in those system . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 10,100 per month 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g3.6 
 financial service – 
 external reporting5 
 rghi external reporting team will be available to provide 
 background support and consulting service relate to rcp ’s 
 external reporting requirement . 
 18 month from the 
 commencement date 
 22,500 per month 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g3.7 
 financial service – 
 compliance advisory 
 service 
 provision of support service of rghi senior compliance 
 manager relate to sap access and security risk ( sox 404 ) . 
 the early of ( i ) 12 
 month from the 
 commencement date or 
 ( ii ) the cessation of 
 current senior 
 compliance manager ’s 
 employment 
 8,000 per month 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g3.8 
 financial service – 
 sox compliance 
 in connection with rcp ’s obligation to comply with the 
 sarbane - oxley act of 2002 , provision of reasonable support 
 and performance of key control relate to financial reporting as 
 agree between the party . 
 24 month from the 
 commencement date 
 200 per person / 
 per hour 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 

 rcp need to obtain its own instance of wdesk ( or similar system ) to prepare and file annual and quarterly filing as of the commencement date . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g3.9 
 treasury service – 
 fbar report 
 provision of foreign bank and financial account ( " fbar " ) 
 report service . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 80 
 per person / per 
 hour 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g3.10 
 treasury service – 
 hedging 
 provision of support and handover service relate to 
 commodity hedging activity , include : 
 •     determine hedge quantity and timing 
 •     execution of hedge trade in kiodex 
 •     track open hedge position 
 •     facilitate provision of month - end journal entry 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 105 
 per person / per 
 hour 
 8,500 per month 
 for kiodex 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section g4 : internal audit and tax service 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g4.1 
 audit and it audit 
 handover service 
 provision of audit handover service , include information 
 relate to it internal audit process and procedure of rcp . 
 reasonable provision of : 
 •     training of new rcp staff and exist documentation 
 for all relevant process 
 •     assistance , relate to the service include in this 
 section 
 •     transition handover support as require 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 175 per person / 
 per hour 
 plus pass- 
 through of actual 
 third - party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g4.2 
 tax service – direct 
 ( we and canada ) 
 provision of support service for tax accounting and direct tax 
 filing , include preparation and filing of federal and state tax 
 return . for the avoidance of doubt , preparation and filing of 
 return may be complete by a third - party service provider 
 consistent with current practice . 
 reasonable handover tax service , include : 
 •     the transfer by seller of any and all historical 
 information and explanation necessary for transfer 
 entity to completely and accurately prepare and file 
 the tax return relate to post - closing period . 
 •     identification of all information source , include 
 information gathering format , for the collection of 
 information require for transfer entity to prepare 
 and file the tax return relate to post - closing period . 
 •     provide continued support in provide historical 
 documentation and explanation in relation to tax 
 audits currently in process . 
 •     provide work paper and support relate to 
 account for income taxis . 
 •     provide historical transfer pricing study and 
 work paper . 
 •     assistance with registration and/or electronic payment 
 registration as need . 
 24 month from the 
 commencement date 
 100,275 per 
 month 
 pass - through of 
 actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g4.3 
 tax service – indirect 
 ( we and canada ) 
 provision of support service for indirect tax filing , include 
 preparation and filing of sale and use , vat , personal , and 
 property tax return . for the avoidance of doubt , preparation and 
 filing of return may be complete by a third - party service 
 provider consistent with current practice . 
 reasonable handover service , include : 
 •     provide copy of all exist documentation require 
 for property tax and sale and use tax compliance , 
 include resale and manufacturer ’s exemption 
 certificate as well as continue service in support of 
 process to obtain , review , and maintain necessary 
 documentation . 
 •     facilitating and assist in the creating of 
 documentation require for tax compliance . 
 •     the transfer by seller of any and all historical 
 information and explanation necessary for transfer 
 entity to completely and accurately prepare and file 
 the tax return relate to post - closing period . 
 •     identification of all information source , include 
 information gathering format , for the collection of 
 information require for transfer entity to prepare 
 and file the tax return relate to post - closing period . 
 •     provide continued support in provide historical 
 documentation and explanation in relation to tax 
 audits currently in process . 
 •     assistance with registration and/or electronic payment 
 registration as need . 
 provide work paper to support calculation relate to the 
 accounting for income taxis . 
 24 month from the 
 commencement date 
 13,285 per month 
 plus pass- 
 through of actual 
 third - party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g4.4 
 tax service – china 
 provision of handover service relate to return and filing with 
 retain third - party service provider . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 140 per person / 
 per hour 
 plus pass- 
 through of actual 
 third - party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g4.5 
 tax service – audit 
 support 
 provision of support for state and federal income tax audit , 
 include : 
 •     provide documentation and explanation to the 
 examiner 
 •     prepare necessary paperwork relate to any filing or 
 settlement 
 24 month from the 
 commencement date 
 175 per person / 
 per hour 
 plus pass- 
 through of actual 
 third - party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g4.6 
 tax service – transfer 
 pricing consulting 
 service 
 provision of support and handover service for transfer pricing 
 compliance and other matter relate to rcp canada / us 
 transaction and sale service . 
 transfer pricing support in connection with audits and country 
 by country ( cbc ) and custom reporting will be available on an 
 ad hoc basis and charge at an hourly rate . 
 the early of ( i ) 24 
 month from the 
 commencement date or 
 ( ii ) the cessation of 
 current director of 
 transfer pricing ’s 
 employment 
 1,500 per month 
 140 per person / 
 per hour for ad 
 hoc support 
 plus pass- 
 through of actual 
 third - party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section g5 : procurement service 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g5.1 
 procurement – support 
 and handover service 
 provision of support and handover service to assist rcp 
 ( consistent with past practice ) in obtain supply and or 
 service agreement , include assist with negotiation ( which 
 shall not include legal advice , except to the extent include 
 pursuant to the legal transition service schedule ) in relation to : 
 •     small parcel freight ( up , fedex ) 
 •     energy ( i.e. natural gas , electricity , etc . ) 
 •     isn 
 •     it multifunction device ( printer , etc . ) 
 •     raw material – poly ( i.e. 110m+ ps , 50m+ pp , 40m+ 
 pet , 20 m master batch and filler ) 
 •     raw material – packaging ( corrugate , pallet , poly 
 bag , mold fiber and relate chemical ) 
 •     mro 
 •     it procurement 
 •     vendor mall administration ( i.e. support of ariba 
 catalogue ) 
 •     gep it extract 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 100 per person / 
 per hour 
 plus the pass- 
 through of actual 
 third - party cost 
 incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g5.2 
 procurement – freight 
 procurement service 
 provision of freight procurement service to arrange shipment 
 from rcp vendor to rcp facility ( consistent with current 
 practice ) in accordance with the process and procedure set 
 forth in the warehousing and freight service agreement 
 between pactiv llc and reynold consumer product llc 
 effective november 1 , 2019 . 
 12 month form the 
 commencement date 
 service bill 
 through the 
 warehousing and 
 freight service 
 agreement date 
 november 1 , 2019 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section g6 : travel and expense service 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g6.1 
 travel and expense service 
 – concur & travel booking 
 assistance 
 provision of : 
 •     access to discount airline , hotel , and rental car rate 
 •     service relate to travel booking assistance and ticket 
 issuance by world travel 
 •     access to the concur system for travel booking , filing 
 expense report , processing and payment of expense 
 report , and reimbursement for cash expense 
 12 month from 
 the 
 commencement 
 date 
 monthly fee : 
 19,000 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service 
 g6.2 
 travel and expense service 
 – corporate travel card 
 administration of corporate travel credit card program and 
 purchase " procard " credit card program for card provide by 
 hsbc and use by rcp employee solely for business travel and 
 business expense . service include : 
 •     procurement of new card and cancellation of exist 
 card 
 •     facilitate change to credit limit 
 •     audits of employee expense report for compliance 
 with rcp ’s policy use current audit tool and 
 practice 
 •     other service consistent with current practice 
 rcp employee may continue to use their current hsbc credit 
 card under exist rule and limit . at or before the end of the 
 term , all card must either be transfer to account establish 
 by rcp with hsbc or cancel . 
 12 month from 
 the 
 commencement 
 date 
 monthly fee : 
 7,000 
 plus pass - through 
 of actual third - party 
 cost incur in 
 provide the 
 service ( include , 
 for the avoidance 
 of doubt , all 
 charge incur on 
 the credit card ) 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section g7 : trade compliance 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g7.1 
 trade compliance 
 handover service 
 provision of access to rghi ’s and its affiliate ' trade compliance team who will 
 provide ongoing support , background information and handover support 
 service for the current trade compliance function , include : 
 •     assistance in datum handover of historical import and export 
 transaction and classification database 
 •     familiarization with trade compliance procedure , in particular : 
 •     export control 
 •     transition supplier communication regard importer security 
 filing 
 •     reporting and filing service , but will not require seller to carry 
 out reporting or file on behalf of the transfer entity 
 •     understanding of current issue , include routine filing , prior 
 disclosure , protest , remediation and assistance declaration 
 •     coordination of shipment with broker ( import and export ) 
 •     classification 
 •     preparation of custom documentation 
 •     deny party screening 
 •     monthly import and export report 
 •     fta support 
 12 month from 
 the 
 commencement 
 date 
 no fee 
 plus pass- 
 through of 
 actual 
 third - party 
 cost 
 incur in 
 provide 
 the service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section g8 : legal and other regulatory support service 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g8.1 
 general service – legal 
 support 
 provision of support and handover service with respect to 
 all legal service provide by rghi and its affiliate ' , 
 include : 
 •    information , relevant document and knowledge 
 transfer relate to the legal matter and legal 
 function , include : 
 •    in - house legal service , include advisory , 
 regulatory , reporting and filing service 
 •    employment and labor relation 
 •    review of contract relate to information 
 technology , real estate , general procurement , and 
 advertising and intellectual property matter 
 •    ongoing information and assistance in connection 
 with all other matter for which employee of rghi 
 or its affiliate be provide legal service prior 
 to the commencement date 
 •    access to contract management database ( conga 
 novatus ) 
 24 month from the 
 commencement date 
 190 
 per person / per hour 
 for lawyer and 70 
 per person / per hour 
 for paralegal 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service ( i.e. external 
 legal firm fee to 
 compile datum for rcp ) 
 g8.2 
 general service – 
 intellectual property 
 provision of handover and support service relate to rcp ’s 
 intellectual property portfolio , include : 
 •    facilitation of ongoing portfolio maintenance ( i.e. 
 renewal decision and require filing ) 
 •    management and oversight of patent and trademark 
 prosecution activity ( i.e. office action response ) 
 •    file new registration and application consistent 
 with past practice 
 •    assistance , information and knowledge transfer 
 relate to the legal matter and legal function of 
 rcp , include transfer to rcp , in such 
 electronic or hard copy format as reasonably 
 request by rcp , any and all documentation in the 
 possession of rghi , its affiliate or their outside 
 legal counsel , relate to the prosecution , 
 enforcement , registration and application of any 
 own intellectual property , include all 
 information in any intellectual property docket 
 maintain by rghi , its affiliate or their outside 
 legal counsel 
 the early of ( i ) 24 
 month from the 
 commencement date or 
 ( ii ) the cessation of 
 current administrator 
 of ip 
 operation / paralegal ’s 
 employment 
 190 
 per person / per hour 
 for lawyer and 70 
 per person / per hour 
 for paralegal 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service ( i.e. external 
 legal firm fee to 
 compile datum for rcp ) 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g8.3 
 general service – 
 corporate secretarial 
 provision of corporate secretarial duty and government 
 filing assistance . 
 to the early of ( i ) 24 
 month from the 
 commencement date or 
 ( ii ) the cessation of 
 current corporate 
 governance paralegal ’s 
 employment 
 190 
 per person / per hour 
 for lawyer , 45 per 
 hour for corporate 
 governance paralegal 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service ( i.e. external 
 co - sec / legal firm fee ) 
 g8.4 
 general service – sec 
 reporting and 
 compliance 
 rghi legal counsel will be available to provide assistance 
 and support relate to report and filing requirement with 
 the u.s . securities and exchange commission and corporate 
 governance matter . 
 24 month from the 
 commencement date 
 10,000 per month 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service 
 g8.5 
 general service – 
 regulatory 
 provision of handover service and support relate to 
 compliance with fda regulation , food - contact product rule , 
 product compliance , and other regulatory and compliance 
 scheme . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 no fee 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g8.6 
 general service – real 
 estate 
 provision of support and handover service relate to real 
 estate administration ( consistent with past practice ) , 
 include but not limit to : 
 •    coordination of insurance , environmental , and legal 
 function to review lease , prepare annual report , etc . 
 •    reconciliation of annual lease expense 
 •    assistance with resolution of facility issue ( i.e. repair , 
 etc . ) 
 •    review and monitoring of tenant improvement 
 allowance 
 •    assistance with establish new facility or closing 
 exist facility 
 •    support for year - end reporting 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 1,630 per month 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 exhibit b 
 reverse transition service 
 section gr1 : it 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 gr1.1 
 it – crossover service 
 provision of desktop support and core application service 
 for scenario where people transfer be require to 
 temporarily assist in rghi to augment non - transfer 
 people ' expertise or capacity , notwithstanding both party ’ 
 intention to have these area of support self - sufficient 
 inside rghi by commencement date . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 no fee 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section gr2 : hr 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 gr2.1 
 general hr – ancillary 
 service 
 rcp will be available to provide transition of support and 
 agreement and provide support for meeting to share 
 information and answer any question with current vendor 
 regard current practice , include but not limit to 
 support for separation of 401(k ) , h&w , and pension plan . 
 the party shall cooperate in good faith regard 
 preparation of 5500 and aca report for plan year 2019 , 
 with responsibility for filing as follow : 
 •    401(k ) 5500 
 •    rghi shall file for exist employee saving 
 plan ( non - bargaining ) and employee saving 
 plan for pactiv bargaining 
 •    rcp shall file for employee saving plan for 
 reynold bargaining and any new company 
 saving plan establish as of the 
 commencement date 
 •    pension and h&w 5500 
 •    rghi shall file for reynolds services inc . 
 group benefit plan , pactiv retirement plan , 
 reynolds services inc . group benefit plan for 
 bargaining unit employee , pactiv retiree 
 health & welfare plan , reynold group 
 pension plan , evergreen packaging pension 
 plan 
 •    rcp shall file for new company plan 
 establish as of the commencement date 
 •    aca report 
 •    rcp shall coordinate filing for 2019 plan year 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 no fee 
 gr2.2 
 general hr – aca and 
 hsa training 
 provision of handover and support service relate to aca 
 reporting and hsa funding and reporting . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 no fee 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section gr3 : regulatory 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 g3.1 
 general service – 
 regulatory 
 provision of handover service and support relate to 
 compliance with fda regulation , food - contact product rule , 
 product compliance , and other regulatory and compliance 
 scheme . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 no fee 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section gr4 : procurement 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 gr4.1 
 procurement handover 
 service 
 provision of handover service to assist rghi in establish 
 relationship with vendor for the following service : 
 •    fleet program 
 •    office supply 
 •    t&e ( include rental car , airline , world travel , and 
 concur ) 
 provision of purchase support and handover service for 
 poly bag . 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 100 
 per person / per hour 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 section gr5 : trade compliance 
 service name 
 description of service 
 term 
 fee ( usd ) 
 gr5.1 
 trade compliance 
 handover service 
 provision of access to rcp ’s and its affiliate ' trade 
 compliance team who will provide ongoing support , 
 background information and handover support service for 
 the current trade compliance function , include : 
 •    assistance in data handover of historical import 
 and export transaction and classification 
 database 
 •    familiarization with trade compliance procedure , in 
 particular : 
 o     export control 
 o     transition supplier communication regard 
 importer security filing 
 o     reporting and filing service , but will not 
 require seller to carry out reporting or filing 
 on behalf of the transfer entity 
 o     understanding of current issue , include 
 routine filing , prior disclosure , protest , 
 remediation and assistance declaration 
 •    coordination of shipment with broker ( import and 
 export ) 
 •    classification 
 •    preparation of custom documentation 
 •    deny party screening 
 •    monthly import and export report 
 •    fta support 
 12 month from the 
 commencement date 
 no fee 
 plus pass - through of 
 actual third - party cost 
 incur in provide 
 the service 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020 
 exhibit c 
 service coordinator 
 to be designate in write from time to time by each party . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 / a , 1/21/2020