exhibit 10.1 

 jacksonville jaguar 
 sponsorship agreement 

 this sponsorship agreement ( this " agreement " ) be enter into as of november 27 , 2017 ( the " execution date " ) by and between 
 jacksonville jaguar , llc , a delaware limit liability company ( " club " ) , and the arc group , inc . , a florida corporation ( owner and operator of 
 dick ’s wing and grill ) ( " sponsor " ) . this agreement consist of this sponsorship agreement and exhibit a and b hereto , each of which be 
 incorporate into and form a part of this agreement by this reference . 

 recital 

 a. club own and operate the national football league ( " nfl " ) team know as the jacksonville jaguar ( the " team " ) and have the right to 
 grant sponsorship right and to exploit certain commercial , advertising and related opportunity with respect to the team , include at the football- 
 base stadium in jacksonville , florida currently name everbank field ( the " stadium " ) . 

 b. sponsor wish to obtain certain sponsorship right , benefit and opportunity with respect to the team in connection with the advertising 
 and promotion of the sponsor business ( as define below ) . 

 in consideration of the mutual covenant contain herein , the party agree as follow : 

 1 . term of agreement . this agreement shall be bind on the party hereto as of the execution date . the term of this agreement ( the 
 " term " ) shall commence as of april 1 , 2018 ( the " effective date " ) and shall expire upon the later of : ( a ) the conclusion of the 2022/23 nfl season 
 and ( b ) the last day in february , 2023 ( such expiration date , the " schedule expiration date " ) , unless soon terminate pursuant to the term of 
 this agreement . 

 2 . sponsor right and benefit . subject to the term and condition of this agreement , as part of the consideration of the full and timely 
 payment of the sponsor fee , club hereby grant to sponsor , and sponsor hereby accept , solely in the territory , and during the term : ( i ) the right 
 to use the benefit set forth on exhibit a and the license and right to use the team mark solely in connection with the advertisement and 
 promotion of sponsor ’s dick ’s wing and grill brand restaurant ( the " sponsor business " ) in accordance with this agreement; and ( ii ) the right 
 to use the designation " official wing of the jacksonville jaguar " and such other designation as club and sponsor may agree to in a writing 
 from time to time ( collectively , the " official designation " ) , solely in connection with the sponsor business . no license or right be grant for the 
 use of any other club intellectual property for any other purpose , in any geographic area outside the territory , for any medium of distribution that 
 can not be reasonably limit to the territory , or during any period before or after the term . the right grant to sponsor pursuant to this section 2 
 may not be use to promote or advertise any product or service of sponsor other than the sponsor business , or any other person or entity , 
 whether directly or by affiliation , cooperation , co - sponsorship , or any joint program or promotion . 

 3 . annual fees; playoff payment . 

 ( a ) in consideration for the benefit , during each contract year of the term , sponsor shall pay club , in accordance with this section 3(a ) 
 and section 2(d ) of the term and condition , the amount set forth next to the applicable contract year below ( the " annual fee " ) . 

 first contract year ( 2018/19 ): 

 200,000 
 second contract year ( 2019/20 ): 

 204,000 
 third contract year ( 2020/21 ): 

 208,080 
 fourth contract year ( 2021/22 ): 

 212,240 
 fifth contract year ( 2022/23 ): 

 216,490 

 sponsor shall pay club the annual fee for each contract year of this agreement in six ( 6 ) equal installment , each 
 due on or prior to the 1st of each month between june and november of the applicable contract year . 

 ( b ) in addition to the annual fee identify in section 3(a ) above , sponsor shall provide club with food , beverage and serve product 
 from sponsor ’s dick ' wing restaurant with value equal to the following ( each , an " annual trade value " ): 

 first contract year ( 2018/19 ): 

 35,000 
 second contract year ( 2019/20 ): 

 35,700 
 third contract year ( 2020/21 ): 

 36,410 
 fourth contract year ( 2021/22 ): 

 37,140 
 fifth contract year ( 2022/23 ): 

 37,890 

 as part of the annual trade value , sponsor shall provide club with a designated liaison who will coordinate the menu and quantity to be 
 provide by sponsor . sponsor shall deliver the food ( the cost of which be include in the annual trade value ) to the stadium at the time and 
 location specify by club . if any portion of the annual trade value be not use in any give contract year , such unused amount shall carry forward 
 to the subsequent contract year . if any portion of the annual trade value be not use at the end of the term , club shall be permit to use such 
 unused amount within twelve ( 12 ) month follow expiration of this agreement . the party acknowledge that the annual trade value be inclusive 
 of any taxis , surcharge or relate fee applicable to the order place by club during the term . 

 source : arc group , inc . , 8 - k , 12/11/2017 

 ( c ) if , during the term , the team play in the hall of fame game , or any post - season playoff game , include any wild card , divisional 
 playoff , conference championship , or super bowl ( each , a " playoff game " ) , to the extent club have the necessary right to grant the benefit 
 identify on exhibit a for such playoff game , sponsor shall pay club an additional amount per playoff game equal to a pro - rat portion of the 
 annual fee applicable during the then - current contract year . the pro - rat portion shall be determine by club use club ’s internal line item 
 accounting value as set forth in club ’s standard rate card for such benefit during each playoff game; provide that the cost of the playoff game 
 ticket shall be base upon the generally applicable price for such ticket ( the " playoff payment " ) . sponsor shall pay the playoff payment in 
 accordance with section 2(d ) of the term and condition not later than 30 day follow sponsor ’s receipt of an invoice request payment for 
 such playoff games; provide that club ’s failure to deliver such an invoice shall not , and not be construe to , relieve sponsor of any obligation to 
 pay any amount owe to club . 

 4 . definition . capitalize term use but not otherwise define herein have the respective meaning give to they on exhibit b ( as it may be 
 amend or otherwise modify from time to time , the " term and condition " ) . 

 5 . standard term and condition . except as expressly set forth in this sponsorship agreement or exhibit a , all benefit grant by club to 
 sponsor hereunder shall be subject to , and sponsor shall at time comply with , the term and condition set forth in the term and condition . 

 6 . notice . any notice or other communication under this agreement shall be in writing and shall be consider give when deliver 
 personally or by electronic mail ( confirm by one of the other permissible method of give notice hereunder ) , one business day after be send 
 by a nationally recognize overnight courier , or three business day after be mail by registered or certify mail , postage prepay and return 
 receipt request , to the party at the follow address ( or at such other address as a party may specify by notice to the other ): 

 to sponsor : 
 the arc group , inc . 

 to club : 
 jacksonville jaguar , llc 

 6327 - 4 argyle forest blvd . 

 1 everbank field drive 

 jacksonville , florida 32244 

 jacksonville , florida 32202 

 attn : rick akam 

 attn : scott massey 

 title : 
 ceo 

 senior vice president , corporate partnership 

 email : rickdickswings.com 

 masseysnfl.jaguars.com 

 with a copy to : 
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 with a copy to : 
 jacksonville jaguar , llc 

 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 1 everbank field drive 

 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 jacksonville , florida 32202 

 attn : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 attn : megha parekh 

 title : 
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 senior vice president , chief legal officer 

 email : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 parekhmnfl.jaguars.com 

 notwithstanding the foregoing , delivery of an invoice via solely electronic mail shall constitute sufficient delivery under this agreement . 

 7 . integration; amendment . this agreement contain the complete understanding between the party hereto and supersede all prior and 
 contemporaneous write or verbal agreement or understanding ( include but not limit to all negotiation , term sheet , letter of intent , 
 presentation , and prior draft of this agreement ) relate to the subject matter hereof . this agreement may not be amend or otherwise modify 
 except in a writing specifically refer to this agreement and sign by authorize representative of sponsor and club . 

 8 . counterpart . this agreement may be execute in any number of counterpart , each of which will be deem an original , but all of which 
 take together shall constitute one single agreement . delivery of an execute counterpart by electronic transmission shall have the same effect as 
 delivery of an original ink counterpart . 

 in witness whereof , each party have cause this agreement to be execute in jacksonville , florida , by its duly authorize representative 
 with the intent that it be bind as of the execution date . 

 club : 

 sponsor : 
 jacksonville jaguar , llc 

 the arc group , inc . 

 by : 
 /s/ scott massey 

 by : 
 /s/ richard w. akam 

 scott massey 

 rick akam 

 svp , corporate partnership 

 ceo 

  of 4 
 source : arc group , inc . , 8 - k , 12/11/2017 

 exhibit a 

 sponsorship benefit 

 for purpose of clarity , the benefit set forth on this exhibit a be subject to the term and condition of this agreement , include the 
 club approval right under section 5 of the term and condition . 

 1 . 
 stadium signage 

 a. 
 carousel messaging : sponsor shall receive three ( 3 ) minute of real time ( and not game clock time ) of display of a sponsor mark 
 on led carousel signage on one ( 1 ) of the main video board above the north or south end zone during each quarter of each 
 preseason and regular season jaguar home game . during each three ( 3 ) minute segment , sponsor may include up to thirty 
 second (: 30 ) of animate messaging . sponsor shall be solely responsible for any cost relate to the animate messaging . 

 a. 
 ribbon lead signage : sponsor shall receive display of a sponsor mark on the lead ribbon board locate on the fascia on the 
 east and west side of the stadium for thirty second (: 30 ) of real time ( and not game clock time ) during each quarter of each 
 preseason and regular season jaguar home game . the exact timing of each display shall be determine by club . 

 b. 
 concourse signage : sponsor shall receive display of a sponsor mark or advertisement on five ( 5 ) back - illuminate advertising 
 panel at certain location on the stadium concourse to be display during each preseason and regular season jaguar home 
 game . the exact size and location of each panel shall be determine by club . 

 2 . 
 radio 

 a. 
 radio spot : sponsor shall receive the follow radio spot in club radio programming broadcast by club ’s primary radio 
 partner . the exact timing of each spot shall be determine by club or club ’s primary radio partner : 
 i. jaguar thursday : a total of twenty - three ( 23 ) thirty second (: 30 ) spot for broadcast of an advertisement of the 
 sponsor business during certain initial broadcast of jaguar thursday . 
 ii.pre - game show : one ( 1 ) thirty second (: 30 ) spot for broadcast of an advertisement of the sponsor business during 
 each initial broadcast of the pre - game show ( for a total of twenty ( 20 ) spot during each contract year ) . 
 iii.in - game : one ( 1 ) thirty second (: 30 ) spot for broadcast of an advertisement of the sponsor business during the initial 
 broadcast of each preseason and regular season team game radio broadcast ( for a total of twenty ( 20 ) spot during 
 each contract year ) . 

 3 . 
 digital 

 a. 
 banner ad : during each contract year , sponsor shall receive display of a sponsor mark on one ( 1 ) banner advertisement in 
 respect of the sponsor business that rotate throughout www.jaguars.com ( approximately 300x250 pixel ) and that link to 
 sponsor ’s official website . the exact placement of the banner shall be determine by club in its sole discretion . 

 b. 
 gameday magazine : during each contract year , sponsor shall receive space to display one ( 1 ) full page advertisement in respect 
 of the sponsor business and display of a sponsor mark in each digital ( or print , as determine by club ) issue of the gameday 
 magazine distribute to club ’s season ticket member prior to each jaguar home game . the exact size and placement of the 
 advertisement and timing of each distribution of the gameday magazine shall be determine by club in its sole discretion . 

 c. 
 social medium feature : during each contract year , sponsor shall be the present sponsor of a video feature that highlight a 
 top rushing play by a team player during each preseason and regular season team game ( the " feature " ) . the top rushing play 
 shall be determine by club in its sole discretion . such present sponsorship shall consist of the follow : 
 i. a sponsor mark display in the feature , which shall be publish by club to club ’s official facebook , twitter , 
 instagram or snapchat account . the post will tag sponsor ’s official correspond social medium account . the content , 
 timing and frequency of such social medium post and the social medium platform shall be determine by club . 

 4 . 
 hospitality 

 a. 
 season ticket : sponsor shall receive ticket ( in section 150 , row x , seat 5 - 8 , or a substantially similar location ) to each 
 preseason and regular season jaguar home game . 

  of 4 
 source : arc group , inc . , 8 - k , 12/11/2017 

 5 . 
 concession 

 a. 
 brand concession stand : during each preseason and regular season jaguar home game and other event as request by 
 club or the stadium concessionaire ( " concessionaire " ) , sponsor shall have the right to display sponsor brand on ( i ) one ( 1 ) 
 fix concession stand in the stadium locate in the bud light party zone; and ( ii ) the fix concession stand identify as 
 concession stand 118 on the stadium concourse ( collectively , the " stand " ) . the exact size and location of the stand shall be 
 determine by club . the exact design of the stand shall be mutually agree upon between sponsor and club . sponsor may 
 display signage display a sponsor mark in and/or on the stand . sponsor shall be responsible for all cost associate with the 
 branding and advertising in respect of the stand . 

 b. 
 vend : subject to the concession agreement ( as define herein ) , sponsor shall have the right to have its food product sell 
 or otherwise distribute from the stand and/or certain general concession area at the stadium determine by club or the 
 concessionaire . for purpose of clarity , nothing in this agreement grant sponsor the right to operate the stand or otherwise sell 
 or distribute food product from or within the stand . sponsor shall enter into an agreement with the concessionaire to 
 memorialize any such right regard the sale or distribution of sponsor ’s product at the stadium during each jaguar home 
 game and other event ( the " concession agreement " ) . the exact product to be sell and distribute shall be subject to club ’s 
 final approval . for purpose of clarity , club reserve the right to sell other product at the stadium competitive to the sponsor 
 business . sponsor acknowledge that such right do not automatically extend to other event at the stadium . sponsor 
 acknowledge that sponsor shall cooperate with the concessionaire regard logistic and management of the sponsor ’s food 
 product , and appropriate storage and dispensation of the food product . in the event of any recall with respect to sponsor ’s 
 product provide to the concessionaire pursuant to this agreement or the concession agreement , sponsor shall notify both 
 club and the concessionaire immediately upon issuance of such recall , and club may , at its sole discretion and without penalty , 
 suspend the benefit for a duration as reasonably determine by club . any cost or expense incur by club or the 
 concessionaire with respect to any such recall shall be the sole responsibility of sponsor . sponsor shall be responsible for the 
 management and control over the service provide by its staff member operate the stand ( " sponsor staff " ) and sponsor 
 shall be solely responsible for determine the term of employment for sponsor staff . sponsor shall train sponsor staff or 
 require sponsor staff to undergo training provide by concessionaire . the staffing level at each stand shall be subject to 
 club ’s approval . 

  of 4 

 source : arc group , inc . , 8 - k , 12/11/2017