sponsorship agreement 
 this agreement ( the " agreement " ) be make effective this 1st day of april , 2018 ( " effective date " ) between fruit of life production llc , 
 ( " promoter " ) and eco science solutions , inc . ,("sponsor " ) , 1135 makawao avenue , suite 103 - 188 , makawao , hawaii , 96768 . 
 contribution by sponsor : 
 in consideration for the right to sponsor the kaya fest and to be acknowledge by fruit of life production llc . , as a promoter of the event 
 during the term of this agreement , sponsor agree to contract with fruit of life production llc . , for the amount of 250,000.00 to be pay in full 
 upon signing of this agreement . 
 bank wire transformation information 
 see attach wire instruction 
 sponsorship benefit for present partner sponsor : 
  main stage name after your brand 
  4 10x10 on site vendor booth 
  50 vip sponsor pass / 50 ga ticket for both day 
  4 parking pass 
  opportunity to participate in after party 
  banner placement in venue ( 10 ) 
  approve audio / video asset to be provide as promotional use for herbo 
  name and phrase call out on stage between performer set 
  your logo and a link from our website to your website 
  your logo on video wall 
  your company name and logo as a present sponsor 
  banner at main entrance of venue 
  on stage banner placement 
  logo in backstage / vip area 
  mention on social medium 
  logo on step and repeat 
  logo on all promotional print 
 term and termination : 
 the term of this agreement will begin on april 1 , 2018 and continue until april 30 , 2018 at 11:59pm . 
 relationship of party : 
 the party be independent contractor with respect to one another . nothing in this agreement shall create any association , joint venture , 
 partnership or agency relationship of any kind between the party . 

 source : eco science solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/6/2018 
 intellectual property : 
 fruit of life production llc be the sole owner of all right , title and interest to all kaya f information include logo , tag line , ( education before 
 recreation ) , trademark , trade name and copyright information . sponsor agree that it will not use kaya f property in a manner that state or 
 imply that kaya fest endorse sponsor ( or sponsor product or service ) without written approval from fruit of life production llc . 
 idemnification : 
 sponsor shall indemnify and hold harmless , fruit of life production llc , its related entity , partner , agent , officer , director , employee , 
 attorney , heir , successor , and assign from against any and all claim , loss , damage , judgment , settlement , cost and expense ( include 
 reasonable attorney 's fee and expense ) , and liability of every kind incur as a result of : ( i ) any act or omission by sponsor or its officer , 
 director , entity , employee , agents; ( ii ) any use of sponsor 's name , logo , website , or other information , product , or service provide by 
 sponsor; and/or ( iii ) the inaccuracy or breach of any of the covenant , representation and warranty make by sponsor in this agreement . ( iv ) any 
 change in company value or brand value . the attendance and marketing reach estimate make in negotiation be make for the purpose of this 
 agreement be mere estimate and not be interpret as guaranty . 
 . 
 confidentiality 
 confidential information be all information that be mark such and all other information which a reasonable person would consider to be 
 confidential . confidential information shall include , but be not limit to , information regard the organization , its operation , program , activity , 
 financial condition , strategy , timeline , corporate / programming roadmap , surprise performer / guest appearance , event access information and 
 membership or customer list . during the term , each party shall use and reproduce the other party 's confidential information only for purpose of 
 this agreement with write authorization by disclose party , and only to the extent necessary for such purpose . each party shall restrict 
 disclosure of the other party 's confidential information to its employee and agent with a reasonable need to know such confidential information , 
 and shall not disclose the other party 's confidential information to any third party without the prior write consent of the other party . 
 cancellation : 
 kaya fest shall not be liable to any sponsor for loss arise out of , or the inability to perform its obligation under the term of this sponsorship 
 proposal due to act of god , which include , that be not limit to , fire , flood , tornado , hurricane , severe increment weather , strike , medical 
 failure , or any other act beyond the control of kaya f . 
 exhibit : 
 sponsor be bind by the same term and condition , if exhibit , as all other vendor of event . 
 sponsor must have their own liability insurance with limit of one million dollar . 
 banner : sponsor be responsible for create their own banner . banner placement will be determine by the promoter . sponsor be 
 responsible for the hanging of their banner and removal after the event . banner must be responsibility secure and not have any dangerous 
 edge / stick that may not cause harm if use inappropriately . 
 general provision : 
 warranty : each party covenant , warrant and represent that it shall comply with all law and regulation applicable to this agreement 
 performance of its obligation , and that it shall exercise due care and act in good faith at all time in the performance of its obligation hereunder . 
 the provision of this section shall survive termination of this agreement . this agreement be not an attempt to give legal advice or constraint as it 
 relate to florida law and cannabis / marijuana law in any jurisdiction . the sponsor understand that they be free to seek legal advice on the 
 content of this agreement and applicable law from independent counsel . 
 bind effect : this agreement shall bind the party , their respective heir , personal representative , successor and assign . 

 source : eco science solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/6/2018 
 governing law : this agreement shall be govern by and interpret in accordance with the law of the state of florida , without regard to its 
 conflict - of - law or choice - of law principle . in case of a dispute , the party agree to pursue arbitration as the preferred method to seek a remedy 
 and the party waive the right to a jury trial . 
 assignment : this agreement , or the right grant under it , may not be assign transfer or sublicense by either party without the express 
 prior write consent of the other party . 
 entire agreement : this agreement and its attachment constitute the entire agreement between the party and supersede all prior agreement , 
 oral or write , relate to the sponsorship . this agreement may only be admit in a writing sign by both party . the agreement be 
 confidential , and the party agree not to file or record in public record . 
 notice : all notice give under this agreement shall be in writing , address to the party at the address set forth below , and shall be deem to 
 have the duly give when deliver when send by overnight courier , or certify mail ( return receipt request ) . 
 fruit of life production llc ( promoter ) 
 address : 
 16115 sw 117th ave . 
 suite 21 - a 
 miami , florida 33177 
 ecoscience solution , inc . ( sponsor ) 
 address : 
 1135 makawao avenue , suite 103 - 188 
 makawao , hawaii 96768 
 the sponsor agree that upon acceptance , this agreement shall be deem to form and bind contract between the sponsor and promoter . the 
 sponsor agree to abide by the term set forth in the term and condition of sponsorship agreement . 
 all party have execute this agreement through their duly authorize representative as of the first date write below . 
 sponsor : eco science solutions , inc . 
 by : /s / jeffery taylor 
 name : jeffery taylor 
 title : ceo 
 date : 4/01/2018 
 promoter : fruit of life production llc : 
 by:/s / stella mclaughlan 
 name : stella mclaughlan 
 title : event coordinator 
 date : 4/01/2018 

 source : eco science solutions , inc . , 8 - k , 4/6/2018