exhibit   10.22 
 strategic   alliance   agreement 
 ( hyatt   ziva   cancun ) 
 this   strategic   alliance   agreement   ( the   " agreement " )   be   make   and   enter   into   as   of   december   14 ,   2016   ( the   " effective   date " ) ,   by 
 and   between   hyatt   franchising   latin   america ,   l.l.c . ,   a   limit   liability   company   organize   and   exist   under   the   law   of   the   state   of   delaware 
 ( u.s.a . )   with   its   principal   place   of   business   locate   at   71   south   wacker   drive ,   chicago ,   illinois   60606 ,   u.s.a .   ( " hyatt " ) ,   and   playa   hotel   & 
 resort ,   b.v . ,   a   private   limit   liability   company   organize   and   exist   under   the   law   of   the   netherlands   with   its   register   address   at   prin 
 bernhardplein   200 ,   1097   jb   amsterdam ,   the   netherlands   ( " playa " ) .   hyatt   and   playa   be   each   refer   to   as   a   " party "   and   collectively   as   the 
 " party . "  
 r   e   c   I   t   a   l   s :  
 whereas ,   hyatt   and   playa   be   party   to   that   certain   master   development   agreement   date   as   of   august   9 ,   2013   ( as   amend ,   the   " master 
 development   agreement " )   under   which   hyatt   grant   playa   the   exclusive   ( to   the   extent   set   forth   therein )   right ,   provide   that   playa   meet   certain 
 condition ,   to   develop   all - inclusive   resort   under   either   or   both   of   the   hyatt   ziva ®   or   hyatt   zilara ®   brand   and   other   aspect   of   the   proprietary 
 system   own   by   hyatt   or   its   affiliate   ( " hyatt   all - inclusive   resort " )   in   the   country   of   mexico ,   costa   rica ,   the   dominican   republic ,   jamaica   and 
 panama ,   as   their   boundary   exist   as   of   the   effective   date   ( the   " market   area”);   and 
 whereas ,   simultaneously   with   sign   this   agreement ,   hyatt   and   playa   or   its   affiliate   be   terminate   the   master   development   agreement 
 and   sign   amendment   to   the   follow   franchise   agreement   ( collectively ,   the   " exist   franchise   agreement " )   cover   the   follow   hyatt 
 all - inclusive   resort : 

 • 
   franchise   agreement   date   as   of   august   9 ,   2013 ,   amend   and   restate   on   january   31 ,   2014   between   hyatt   and   playa   hall   jamaican 
 resort   limit   for   the   operation   of   the   hyatt   ziva / zilara ®   resort   at   1   ritz - carlton   drive ,   rise   hall ,   montego   bay ,   jamaica 

 • 
   franchise   agreement   date   as   of   august   9 ,   2013 ,   amend   and   restate   on   january   31 ,   2014   between   hyatt   and   playa   cabo   baja ,   s.   de 
 r.l .   de   c.v .   for   the   operation   of   the   hyatt   ziva ®   resort   at   paseo   de   malecón   i-5   d ,   san   josé   del   cabo ,   23405 ,   mexico 

 • 
   franchise   agreement   date   as   of   august   9 ,   2013 ,   amend   and   restate   on   january   31 ,   2014   between   hyatt   and   cameron   del   pacifico   s. 
 de   r.l .   de   c.v .   for   the   operation   of   the   hyatt   ziva ®   resort   at   carretera   barra   de   navidad   km .   3.5 ,   zona   hotelera ,   48300 ,   puerto   vallarta , 
 jalisco ,   mexico 

 • 
   franchise   agreement   date   as   of   august   9 ,   2013 ,   amend   and   restate   on   january   31 ,   2014   between   hyatt   and   cameron   del   caribe   s. 
 de   r.l .   de   c.v .   for   the   operation   of   the   hyatt   ziva ®   resort   at   blvd .   kukulkan   km   9.5 ,   zona   hotelera ,   punta   cancún ,   77500 ,   cancún , 
 quintana   roo ,   mexico 

 • 
   franchise   agreement   date   as   of   august   9 ,   2013 ,   amend   and   restate   on   january   31 ,   2014   between   hyatt   and   the   royal   cancun   s. 
 de   r.l .   de   c.v .   for   the   operation   of   the   hyatt   zilara ®   resort   at   blvd .   kukulkan   km   11.5 ,   zona   hotelera ,   77500   cancún ,   quintana   roo , 
 mexico;   and 
 whereas ,   hyatt   and   playa   have   agree   to   terminate   the   master   development   agreement   and   to   enter   into   this   agreement . 
 now ,   therefore ,   in   consideration   of   the   mutual   covenant   and   agreement   contain   in   this   amendment   and   for   other   good   and 
 valuable   consideration ,   the   receipt   and   sufficiency   of   which   be   hereby   acknowledge ,   the   party   agree   as   follow : 
 1 .   first   offer   for   development   opportunity .   during   the   period   begin   on   the   effective   date   and   end   on   december   31 ,   2018   ( the 
 " development   term " ) ,   each   party   ( the   " offer   party " )   agree   to   provide   to   the   other   party   ( the   " receive   party " )   a   right   of   first   offer   with 
 respect   to   any   propose   offer   or   arrangement ,   which   the   offering   party   ( or   its   affiliate )   desire   to   accept ,   under   which   the   offering   party   or   one   of 
 its   affiliate   would   acquire   the   ownership   of   real   property   in   the   market   area   ( the   " development   property " )   on   which   a   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort 
 would   operate   ( a   " development   opportunity " ) . 
 if   the   offering   party   be   require   to   offer   the   receive   party   a   development   opportunity   pursuant   to   this   section   1 ,   the   offering   party   must 
 deliver   write   notice   to   the   receive   party ,   together   with   reasonable   due   diligence   information   in   the   offering   party ’s   possession   to   enable   the 
 receive   party   to   evaluate   the   development   opportunity   ( collectively ,   the   " offer   notice " ) .   the   receive   party   will   have   ten   ( 10 )   business   day 
 after   receive   the   offer   notice   to   notify   the   offering   party   whether   the   receive   party   exercise   its   right   of   first   offer   for   that   development 
 opportunity .   if   the   receive   party   and   exercise   its   right   of   first   offer   hereunder ,   and : 
 ( a )   if   the   receive   party   be   playa ,   then   playa   ( or   its   affiliate )   and   hyatt ’s   affiliate   shall   negotiate   in   good   faith   the   term   of   a   management 
 agreement   and   relate   document   under   which   playa   ( or   its   affiliate )   would   manage   a   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort   on   the   development   property 
 ( subject   to   a   franchise   agreement   between   hyatt   and   the   affiliate   of   hyatt   that   would   own   the   development   property ) ,   provide   that   hyatt ’s 
 affiliate   acquire   the   development   property   on   term   acceptable   to   it   within   sixty   ( 60 )   day   after   delivery   of   the   offer   notice ,   and 
 ( b )   if   the   receive   party   be   hyatt ,   then   playa   or   its   affiliate   shall   negotiate   in   good   faith   the   term   of   a   franchise   agreement   and   related 
 document   for   the   operation   ( and ,   if   applicable ,   development )   of   the   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort   on   the   development   property ,   provide   that 
 playa ’s   affiliate   acquire   the   development   property   on   term   acceptable   to   it   within   sixty   ( 60 )   day   after   delivery   of   the   offer   notice . 

 if   the   receive   party   decline   its   right   of   first   offer   with   respect   to   any   development   opportunity ,   or   fail   to   notify   the   offering   party   of   its 
 decision   within   the   ten   ( 10 )   business - day   period   describe   above ,   or   if   hyatt ’s   affiliate   or   playa ’s   affiliate   ( as   applicable )   fail   to   acquire   the 
 development   property   within   the   sixty   ( 60)-day   period   describe   above ,   then   the   right   of   first   offer   with   respect   to   that   development   opportunity 
 shall   expire ,   and   the   offering   party   thereafter   may   acquire ,   develop   and/or   operate   ( and/or   grant   any   other   person   or   entity   the   right   to   acquire , 
 develop   and/or   operate )   an   all - inclusive   resort   or   other   business   on   the   development   property   without   any   restriction   under   this   agreement , 
 subject   to   any   restriction   under   any   exist   franchise   agreement   or   other   agreement   between   hyatt   ( or   its   affiliate )   and   playa   ( or   its   affiliate ) . 
 2 .   introduction   to   other   opportunity .   if   a   third   party   ( who   be   not   an   affiliate   of   hyatt )   approach   hyatt   during   the   development   term   with   a 
 propose   offer   or   arrangement ,   which   hyatt   desire   to   accept ,   under   which   the   third   party   would   operate   a   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort   in   the   market 
 area ,   and   if   that   third   party   have   not   then   already   designate   a   management   company   to   operate   that   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort ,   then   hyatt   agree 
 to   provide   notice   to   playa   and   introduce   playa   to   that   third   party   for   purpose   of   enable   playa   ( at   its   option )   to   negotiate   for   the   opportunity   to 
 manage   that   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort   for   that   third   party .   similarly ,   if   a   third   party   ( who   be   not   an   affiliate   of   playa )   approach   playa   during   the 
 development   term   with   a   propose   offer   or   arrangement ,   which   playa   desire   to   accept ,   under   which   playa   or   its   affiliate   would   manage   an   all- 
 inclusive   resort   in   the   market   area   for   that   third   party ,   and   if   that   third   party   have   not   then   already   designate   a   brand   under   which   that   all - inclusive 
 resort   would   operate ,   then   playa   agree   to   provide   notice   to   hyatt   and   introduce   hyatt   to   that   third   party   for   purpose   of   enable   hyatt   ( at   its 
 option )   to   negotiate   for   the   opportunity   to   provide   that   third   party   franchise   right   to   brand   that   resort   as   a   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort . 
 3 .   notice .   any   notice   require   under   this   agreement   to   be   give   by   either   party   to   the   other   party   shall   be   in   writing   in   the   english 
 language .   any   require   notice   shall   be   effective   two   business   day   after   it   be   send   by   a   recognize   international   courier   service   to   the   address   of   the 
 other   party   state   in   this   agreement ,   or   such   other   address   as   shall   be   notify   to   the   other   party   in   writing ,   and   any   receipt   issue   by   the   courier 
 service   shall   be   conclusive   evidence   of   the   fact   and   date   of   send   of   any   such   notice . 
 contact   detail   of   the   party   be   as   follow : 
 for   hyatt : 
 hyatt   franchising   latin   america 
 hyatt   hotel   corporation 
 hyatt   center   –   12th   floor 
 71   south   wacker   drive 
 chicago ,   illinois   60606   u.s.a . 
 attention :   svp   latin   america   development 

 with   a   copy   to :  
 hyatt   hotel   corporation 
 hyatt   center   –   12th   floor 
 71   south   wacker   drive 
 chicago ,   illinois   60606   u.s.a . 
 attention :   executive   vice   president ,   general   counsel 
 for   playa :  
 playa   hotel   &   resort ,   b.v . 
 c / o   playa   management   usa   llc 
 playa   hotel   &   resort 
 1560   sawgrass   corporate   parkway ,   suite   310 
 fort   lauderdale ,   florida   33323 
 attention :   general   counsel 
 or   to   such   other   address   and   to   the   attention   of   such   person   as   the   party   may   designate   by   like   notice   hereunder . 
 4 .   choice   of   law .   all   matter   relate   to   arbitration   will   be   govern   by   the   federal   arbitration   act   ( 9   u.s.c .   section   1   et   seq . ) .   except   to   the 
 extent   govern   by   the   federal   arbitration   act   or   other   federal   law ,   this   agreement   and   all   claim   arise   from   the   relationship   between   hyatt 
 ( and/or   any   of   its   affiliate )   and   playa   ( and/or   any   of   its   affiliate )   under   this   agreement   will   be   govern   by   the   law   of   the   state   of   illinois 
 ( u.s.a . ) ,   without   regard   to   its   conflict   of   law   rule ,   except   that   any   illinois   law   or   any   other   law   regulate   the   offer   or   sale   of   franchise ,   business 
 opportunity ,   or   similar   interest ,   or   govern   the   relationship   between   a   franchisor   and   a   franchisee   or   any   similar   relationship ,   will   not   apply 
 unless   its   jurisdictional   requirement   be   meet   independently   without   reference   to   this   section   4 . 
 5 .   dispute   resolution . 
 ( a )   all   dispute   arise   out   of   or   in   connection   with   this   agreement   shall   to   the   extent   possible   be   settle   amicably   by   negotiation 
 between   the   party   within   fifteen   ( 15 )   day   from   the   date   of   write   notice   by   either   party   of   the   existence   of   such   dispute ,   and ,   fail   such 
 amicable   settlement ,   shall   be   finally   settle   by   arbitration   under   the   rule   of   arbitration   of   the   international   chamber   of   commerce   ( " rule " ) . 
 to   the   extent   there   be   any   conflict   between   the   rule   and   the   federal   arbitration   act   as   it   pertain   to   such   arbitration ,   the   rule   shall   prevail . 
 ( b )   the   arbitration   panel   shall   consist   of : 
 ( i )   one   arbitrator   in   the   event   the   aggregate   damage   seek   by   the   claimant   be   state   to   be   less   than   five   hundred   thousand 
 we   dollar   ( us500,000 ) ,   and   the   aggregate   damage   seek   by   the   counter - claimant   be   state   to   be   less   than   five   hundred   thousand 
 we   dollar   ( us500,000);   or 

 ( ii )   three   arbitrator   in   the   event   the   aggregate   damage   seek   by   the   claimant   be   state   to   be   equal   to   or   exceed   five   hundred 
 thousand   we   dollar   ( us500,000 ) ,   or   the   aggregate   damage   seek   by   the   counterclaimant   be   state   to   be   equal   to   or   exceed   five 
 hundred   thousand   we   dollar   ( us500,000 ) . 
 each   arbitrator   ( 1 )   shall   have   no   few   than   ten   ( 10 )   year '   experience   in   the   international   hotel   business ,   ( 2 )   shall   be   license   to   practice   law 
 in   the   united   state ,   and   ( 3 )   shall   not   be   a   person ,   or   an   affiliate   of   a   person ,   who   have   any   past ,   present   or   currently   contemplate   future 
 business   or   personal   relationship   with   either   playa ,   hyatt   or   any   of   their   respective   affiliate . 
 ( c )   the   place   of   arbitration   shall   be   new   york ,   new   york   ( usa ) . 
 ( d )   the   language   to   be   use   in   the   arbitration   shall   be   english . 
 ( e )   the   arbitrator(s )   shall   have   the   power   to   grant   any   remedy   or   relief   that   they   deem   just   and   equitable ,   include   injunctive   relief , 
 whether   interim   and/or   final ,   and   any   provisional   measure   order   by   the   arbitrator(s )   may   be   specifically   enforce   by   any   court   of 
 competent   jurisdiction .   each   party   hereto   retain   the   right   to   seek   interim   measure   from   a   judicial   or   other   governmental   authority ,   and   any 
 such   request   shall   not   be   deem   incompatible   with   the   agreement   to   arbitrate   or   a   waiver   of   the   right   to   arbitrate . 
 ( f )   an   arbitral   tribunal   constitute   under   this   agreement   may ,   unless   consolidation   would   prejudice   the   right   of   any   party ,   consolidate 
 an   arbitration   hereunder   with   an   arbitration   under   any   franchise   agreement   between   hyatt   ( or   its   affiliate )   and   playa   ( or   its   affiliate ) ,   if   the 
 arbitration   proceeding   raise   common   question   of   law   or   fact .   if   two   or   more   arbitral   tribunal   under   these   agreement   issue   consolidation 
 order ,   the   order   issue   first   shall   prevail . 
 ( g )   the   party   agree   that   the   award(s )   shall   be   bind   upon   hyatt   and   playa   and   each   party ’s   parent   company   or   company   ( and   all 
 other   affiliate ) ,   principal ,   successor ,   and   assign ,   and   that   judgment   on   the   award(s )   may   be   enter   in   any   court   of   competent 
 jurisdiction ,   and   the   party   waive   any   personal   jurisdiction   objection   for   the   purpose   of   any   enforcement   proceeding   under   the   1958 
 united   nation   convention   on   the   recognition   of   enforcement   of   foreign   arbitral   award .   the   arbitrator(s )   may   not   award   damage   in 
 excess   of   compensatory   damage   or   otherwise   in   violation   of   the   waiver   in   this   agreement . 
 ( h )   any   award(s )   shall   be   payable   in   u.s .   dollar .   in   the   event   that   monetary   damage   be   award ,   the   award(s )   shall   include   interest 
 from   the   date   of   default   to   the   date   of   payment   of   the   award   in   full .   the   arbitrator(s )   shall   fix   an   appropriate   rate   of   interest ,   compound 
 annually ,   which   in   no   event   shall   be   low   than   the   prime   commercial   lending   rate   charge   by   hyatt ’s   primary   bank   ( as   hyatt   may   designate 
 from   time   to   time ) ,   to   its   most   creditworthy   commercial   borrower ,   average   over   the   period   from   the   date   of   the   default   to   the   date   of   the 
 award . 

 ( i )   any   award(s )   render   by   the   arbitrator(s )   shall   be   final   and   bind   on   the   party ,   and   each   party   hereby   waif   to   the   full 
 extent   permit   by   law   any   right   it   may   otherwise   have   under   the   law   of   any   jurisdiction   to   any   form   of   appeal   or   collateral   attack   or   to   seek 
 determination   of   a   preliminary   point   of   law   by   any   court   ( include   any   court   within   the   market   area   or   elsewhere ) . 
 ( j )   the   prevail   party   in   any   arbitration   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   this   agreement   shall   be   entitle   to   recover   from   the   lose   party   all 
 reasonable   fee ,   cost   and   expense   incur   by   the   prevail   party   in   connection   with   such   arbitration   ( include   any   action   to   enforce 
 any   award(s )   or   any   of   the   provision   of   this   section   5 ) .   if   a   party   prevail   on   some ,   but   not   all ,   of   its   claim ,   such   party   shall   be   entitle   to 
 recover   an   equitable   amount   of   such   fee ,   cost   and   expense   as   determine   by   the   arbitrator(s ) .   all   amounts   recover   by   the   prevail 
 party   under   this   subsection   shall   be   separate   from ,   and   in   addition   to ,   any   other   amount   include   in   any   award(s )   render   in   favor   of   such 
 party   pursuant   to   this   section   5 . 
 ( k )   except   as   may   be   require   by   law ,   neither   a   party   nor   its   representative   nor   a   witness   nor   an   arbitrator   may   disclose   the   existence , 
 content ,   or   result   of   any   arbitration   or   amicable   settlement   under   this   section   5   ( collectively ,   " dispute   information " )   without   the   prior   write 
 consent   of   both   party .   each   party   shall   ensure   that   the   dispute   information   be   not   disclose   to   the   press   or   to   any   other   third   person   or 
 entity   without   the   prior   consent   of   the   other   party .   the   party   shall   coordinate   with   one   another   on   all   public   statement ,   whether   write   or 
 oral   and   no   matter   how   disseminate ,   regard   the   dispute   information . 
 6 .   entire   agreement .   this   agreement   constitute   the   entire   agreement   between   the   party   with   respect   to   the   subject   matter   of   this 
 agreement   and   supersede   all   prior   understanding   and   writing   between   the   party .   no   party   may   rely   on   any   allege   oral   or   write 
 understanding ,   agreement ,   or   representation   not   contain   in   this   agreement .   any   policy   that   either   party   adopt   and   implement   from   time   to 
 time   to   guide   they   in   their   decision - make   be   subject   to   change ,   be   not   a   part   of   this   agreement ,   and   be   not   bind   on   they . 
 7 .   representation   and   warranty .   each   party   represent   and   warrant   that   neither   the   execution   of   this   agreement   nor   the   completion   of   the 
 transaction   contemplate   hereby   and   thereby   will   ( a )   violate   any   provision   of   applicable   law   or   any   judgment ,   writ ,   injunction ,   order   or   decree   of 
 any   court   or   governmental   authority   have   jurisdiction   over   it;   ( b )   cause   a   breach   or   default   under   any   indenture ,   contract ,   other   commitment   or 
 restriction   to   which   it   be   a   party   or   by   which   it   be   bound;   or   ( c )   require   any   filing ,   consent ,   vote   or   approval   which   have   not   be   take ,   or   at   the   time 
 when   the   transaction   involve   shall   not   have   be   give   or   take .   each   party   represent   and   warrant   that   as   of   the   date   hereof   it   have   the   full 
 company   power   and   authority   to   enter   into   this   agreement   and   to   perform   its   respective   obligation   under   this   agreement ,   and   that   such   party ’s 
 execution ,   delivery   and   performance   of   this   agreement   have   be   duly   authorize   by   all   necessary   action   on   the   part   of   such   party . 
 8 .   amendment .   the   provision   of   this   agreement   shall   not   be   supplement   or   amend   except   by   an   instrument   in   writing   execute   and 
 deliver   by   both   party . 

 9 .   waiver .   failure   of   either   party   at   any   time   to   require   the   performance   by   the   other   party   of   any   provision   hereof   shall   in   no   way   affect   the 
 full   right   to   require   such   performance   at   any   time   thereafter .   hyatt   and   playa   will   not   waive   or   impair   any   right ,   power ,   or   option   this   agreement 
 reserve   because   of   any   custom   or   practice   that   vary   from   this   agreement ’s   terms;   hyatt ’s   or   playa ’s   failure ,   refusal ,   or   neglect   to   exercise   any 
 right   under   this   agreement   or   to   insist   upon   the   other ’s   compliance   with   this   agreement;   hyatt ’s   or   playa ’s   waiver   of   or   failure   to   exercise   any 
 right ,   power ,   or   option ,   whether   of   the   same ,   similar ,   or   different   nature ,   with   other   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort   or   any   other   agreement   between   the 
 party   and/or   their   affiliates;   or   hyatt ’s   or   playa ’s   acceptance   of   any   payment   due   from   the   other   party   after   any   breach   of   this   agreement   ( unless 
 such   payment   be   make   within   any   applicable   cure   period ) . 
 10 .   bind   effect .   this   agreement   shall   inure   to   the   benefit   of   and   bind   the   permit   assignee ,   successor   and   representative   of   the 
 party ,   except   that   no   assignment ,   transfer ,   pledge ,   mortgage   or   lease   by   or   through   either   party   in   violation   of   the   provision   of   this   agreement 
 shall   vest   any   right   in   the   assignee ,   transferee ,   mortgagee ,   pledgee ,   or   lessee ,   as   the   case   may   be . 
 11 .   severability .   if   any   provision   of   this   agreement   shall   be   determine   to   be   void ,   illegal ,   or   unenforceable   under   the   law ,   all   other   provision 
 of   this   agreement   shall   continue   in   full   force   and   effect .   the   party   be ,   in   this   event ,   obligate   to   replace   the   void ,   illegal   or   unenforceable 
 provision   with   a   valid ,   legal   and   enforceable   provision   which   correspond   as   far   as   possible   to   the   spirit   and   purpose   of   the   void ,   illegal ,   or 
 unenforceable   provision . 
 12 .   language   and   counterpart .   this   agreement   may   be   execute   in   any   number   of   counterpart ,   all   of   which ,   take   together ,   shall   constitute 
 one   and   the   same   agreement   and   a   party   may   enter   into   this   agreement   by   execute   a   counterpart .   this   agreement   be   execute   in   the   english 
 language ,   which   shall   prevail   over   any   translation . 
 13 .   no   representation   regard   forecast .   in   enter   into   this   agreement ,   hyatt   and   playa   acknowledge   that   neither   playa   nor   hyatt   have 
 make   any   representation   to   the   other   regard   forecast   earning ,   the   probability   of   future   success   or   any   other   similar   matter   respect   the 
 business   contemplate   under   this   agreement   and   that   hyatt   and   playa   understand   that   no   guarantee   be   make   to   the   other   as   to   any   amount   of 
 income   to   be   receive   by   hyatt   or   playa   or   as   to   the   future   financial   success   of   the   business   contemplate   under   this   agreement . 
 14 .   waiver   of   non - compensatory   damage .   in   any   action   or   proceeding   between   the   party   ( include   any   arbitration   proceeding )   arise 
 under   or   with   respect   to   this   agreement   or   in   any   manner   pertain   to   the   hyatt   all - inclusive   resort   or   to   the   relationship   of   the   party   under 
 this   agreement ,   each   party   hereby   unconditionally   and   irrevocably   waif   and   release   any   right ,   power   or   privilege   either   may   have   to   claim   or 
 receive   from   the   other   party   any   punitive   or   exemplary   damage ,   each   party   acknowledging   and   agree   that   the   remedy   herein   provide   and 
 other   remedy   at   law   or   in   equity   will   in   all   circumstance   be   adequate .   both   party   acknowledge   that   they   be   experienced   in   negotiate 
 agreement   of   this   sort ,   and   have   have   the   advice   of   counsel   in   connection   with ,   and   fully   understand   the   nature   of ,   the   waiver   contain   in   this 
 section   14 . 

 15 .   corrupt   practice .   neither   party ,   nor   any   person   act   for   or   on   behalf   of   such   party ,   shall   make ,   and   each   party   acknowledge   that   the 
 other   party   will   not   make ,   any   expenditure   for   any   unlawful   purpose   ( i.e.   unlawful   under   the   law   or   regulation   of   the   united   state ,   the   european 
 union   or   the   market   area )   in   the   performance   of   its   obligation   under   this   agreement   or   in   connection   with   its   activity   in   relation   thereto .   neither 
 party ,   nor   any   person   act   for   or   on   behalf   of   such   party ,   shall ,   and   each   party   acknowledge   that   the   other   party   will   not ,   bribe   or   offer   to   bribe 
 any   government   official ,   any   political   party   or   official   thereof ,   or   any   candidate   for   political   office ,   for   the   purpose   of   influence   any   action   or 
 decision   of   such   person   in   their   official   capacity   or   any   governmental   authority   of   any   jurisdiction . 
 in   witness   whereof ,   the   party   hereto   have   duly   execute   and   deliver   this   amendment   on   the   day   and   year   first   above   write . 

 hyatt   franchising   latin 
 america ,   l.l.c . 

 playa   hotel   &   resort   b.v . 
 by :    /s/   peter   sear 

   by :    /s/   bruce   d.   wardinski 
   name :    peter   sears 

   name :    bruce   d.   wardinski 
   title :    president 

   title :    executive   director