exhibit   10.19 

 strategic   alliance   agreement 
 among 

 sumitomo   mitsui   banking   corporation , 
 smbc   nikko   security   inc . 

 and 

 moeli   &   company   holding   lp , 
 moeli   &   company   holding   gp   llc 

 date   december   27 ,   2011 

 table   of   content 

 article   i. 

 certain   definitions;   interpretation . 

 1.1 

 certain   definition 

 1.2 

 interpretation 

 article   ii . 

 strategic   alliance . 

 2.1 

 strategic   alliance 

 2.2 

 obligation   of   the   party 

 article   iii . 

 scope . 

 3.1 

 scope 

 3.2 

 cover   business 

 3.3 

 cover   region 

 3.4 

 japanese   company 

 3.5 

 client 

 3.6 

 corporate   lending   business 

 article   iv . 

 fee   allocation . 

 4.1 

 general   allocation 

 4.2 

 certain   moeli   holding   sell - side   assignment 

 4.3 

 target   transaction 

 4.4 

 discretionary   fee   sharing 

 4.5 

 primary   fee   allocation   criterion 

 article   v. 

 non - circumvention / non - solicitation . 

 5.1 

 non - circumvention 

 5.2 

 non - solicitation 

 5.3 

 japan   office 

 I 

 article   vi . 

 senior   sponsorship;   alliance   review   committee . 

 6.1 

 alliance   review   committee 

 article   vii . 

 training   and   development . 

 7.1 

 training   and   development 

 7.2 

 secondment   program 

 article   viii . 

 engagement . 

 8.1 

 engagement   letter   and   other   agreement 

 8.2 

 expense 

 8.3 

 conflict   clearance 

 8.4 

 compliance   with   law 

 article   ix . 

 joint   marketing . 

 9.1 

 joint   marketing 

 article   x. 

 confidentiality . 

 10.1 

 confidentiality 

 article   xi . 

 term 

 11.1 

 term 

 11.2 

 termination 

 11.3 

 effect   of   termination 

 article   xii . 

 certain   right   of   smbc / nikko . 

 12.1 

 advisory   board 

 12.2 

 right   of   first   refusal 

 ii 

 12.3 

 moeli   general   partner ’s   consent   to   certain   transfer 

 12.4 

 certain   transfer   matter 

 12.5 

 amendment   to   the   moelis   holding   agreement 

 12.6 

 percentage   interest   limit 

 article   xiii . 

 registration   right . 

 13.1 

 registration 

 13.2 

 piggyback   registration 

 13.3 

 reduction   of   size   of   underwritten   offering 

 13.4 

 registration   procedure 

 13.5 

 condition   to   offering 

 13.6 

 suspension   period 

 13.7 

 market   stand - off   agreement 

 13.8 

 registration   expense 

 13.9 

 indemnification;   contribution 

 13.10 

 rule   144 

 13.11 

 transfer   of   registration   right 

 13.12 

 termination   of   registration   right 

 article   xiv . 

 representation   and   warranties;   conduct   of   business 

 14.1 

 representation   and   warranty   of   moeli 

 14.2 

 representation   and   warranty   of   smbc / nikko 

 14.3 

 survival   of   covenant ,   representation   and   warranty 

 article   xv . 

 miscellaneous 

 15.1 

 expenses;   no   partnership   or   joint   venture 

 15.2 

 notice 

 15.3 

 entire   agreement;   amendment;   waivers;   counterpart 

 15.4 

 no   assignment 

 15.5 

 obligation   and   responsibility   of   smbc / nikko 

 15.6 

 separability 

 15.7 

 compliance   with   law 

 15.8 

 govern   laws;   jurisdiction 

 15.9 

 effect   on   prior   agreement 

 15.10 

 good   faith   discussion;   far   assurance 

 iii 

 strategic   alliance   agreement 

 this   strategic   alliance   agreement   be   enter   into   as   of   december   27 ,   2011   by   and   among   sumitomo   mitsui   banking   corporation 
 ( " smbc " ) ,   a   japanese   corporation   with   its   head   office   at   1 - 2 ,   marunouchi   1 - chome ,   chiyoda - ku ,   tokyo   100 - 0006 ,   japan   and   its   subsidiary   smbc 
 nikko   security   inc .   ( " nikko "   and   together   with   smbc ,   " smbc / nikko " ) ,   a   japanese   corporation   with   its   head   office   at   3 - 1 ,   marunouchi   3 - chome , 
 chiyoda - ku ,   tokyo   100 - 8325 ,   japan ,   on   the   one   hand ,   and   moelis   &   company   holding   lp   ( " moeli   holding " ) ,   a   delaware   limit   partnership 
 with   office   at   399   park   avenue ,   new   york ,   ny   10022 ,   united   state ,   and   moelis   &   company   holding   gp   llc ,   a   delaware   limit   liability   company 
 with   office   at   399   park   avenue ,   new   york ,   ny   10022 ,   united   state   ( " moeli   general   partner " ,   and   together   with   moeli   holding ,   the   " moeli 
 entity " ) ,   on   the   other   hand .   smbc ,   nikko ,   moeli   holding   and   moeli   general   partner   be   each   refer   to   herein   as   a   " party "   and   collectively 
 refer   to   as   the   " party " . 

 w   I   t   n   e   s   s   e   t   h : 

 whereas ,   on   march   1 ,   2011 ,   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   enter   into   that   certain   strategic   alliance   agreement   ( phase   i )   with 
 respect   to   certain   investment   banking   business   in   certain   region   involve   japanese   company   ( the   " prior   agreement”); 

 whereas ,   on   the   date   hereof ,   smbc   enter   into   an   investment   and   subscription   agreement   ( as   modify   or   amend ,   the 
 " subscription   agreement " )   with   moeli   holding   and   moeli   general   partner ,   pursuant   to   which   smbc   have   agree   to   acquire   57,364   newly   issue 
 partnership   interests; 

 whereas ,   the   party   wish   to   amend   and   restate   the   prior   agreement   to   far   set   forth   the   understanding   of   the   party   with   respect   to 
 certain   investment   banking   business   in   certain   region   involve   japanese   company   and   to   set   forth   certain   agreement   with   respect   to   certain 
 transfer   and   registration   right   relate   to   the   partnership   interest   as   of   the   effective   date;   and 

 whereas ,   the   execution   and   delivery   of   this   agreement   be   a   condition   to   the   closing   of   the   transaction   contemplate   by   the 
 subscription   agreement . 

 now ,   therefore ,   in   consideration   of   the   foregoing   and   the   respective   promise   contain   herein   and   for   other   good   and   valuable 
 consideration ,   the   receipt   and   sufficiency   of   which   be   hereby   acknowledge : 

 article   i. 

 certain   definitions;   interpretation . 

 1.1   certain   definition . 

 " agreement "   mean   this   strategic   alliance   agreement ,   as   amend   or   modify   from   time   to   time   in   accordance   with   section   15.3 , 
 include   all   schedule   and   exhibit   hereto . 

 " alliance   review   committee "   have   the   meaning   give   in   section   6.1 . 

 " client "   have   the   meaning   give   in   section   3.5 . 

 " close "   mean   the   closing   as   define   in   the   side   letter . 

 " confidential   information "   have   the   meaning   give   in   section   10.1 . 

 " control "   shall   mean   possession ,   directly   or   indirectly ,   of   the   power   to   direct   or   cause   the   direction   of   the   management   and   policy   of   an 
 entity   whether   through   ownership   of   vote   security ,   by   contract   or   otherwise ,   include   the   ability   to   elect   the   majority   of   the   director   or   the 
 member   of   a   similar   govern   body   of   such   entity . 

 " cover   business "   have   the   meaning   give   in   section   3.2 . 

 " cover   region "   have   the   meaning   give   in   section   3.3 . 

 " demand   notice "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.1(a)(i ) . 

 " demand   registration "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.1(a)(i ) . 

 " effective   date "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   section   11.1 . 

 " indemnify   party "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.9(c ) . 

 " indemnify   person "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.9(a ) . 

 " indemnify   party "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.9(c ) . 

 " introduce "   and   " introduce "   mean   that   a   party   arrange   or   arrange   an   initial   substantive   meeting   ( in   person   or   by   phone )   between   a 
 senior   decision   maker   at   the   client   and   the   other   party . 

 " ipo "   mean   an   initial   underwritten   public   offering   and   sale   of   partnership   interest   ( or   any   security   of   moelis   holding   or   any 
 successor   entity   into   which   partnership   interest   be   convert ,   exchange   or   redesignate )   for   cash   pursuant   to   an   effective   registration 
 statement   ( other   than   on   form   s-4   or   s-8   or   a   comparable   form ) . 

 " issuer   fwp "   have   the   meaning   assign   to   " issuer   free   writing   prospectus "   in   rule   433   under   the   security   act . 

 " japanese   company "   have   the   meaning   give   in   section   3.4 . 

 " japanese   competitor "   mean   any   japanese   financial   institution   that   engage   in   an   investment   banking   business   or   any   other   cover 
 business   in   japan   or   outside   japan . 

 " km "   mean   mr .   ken   moeli   and   any   entity   or   person   control   by   or   affiliate   with   mr .   moelis ,   include   moeli   manager ,   any   family 
 trust   or   otherwise ,   through   which   mr .   ken   moeli   hold   his   partnership   interest . 

 " loss "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.9(a ) . 

 " main - advisor   party "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   8.4 . 

 " major   japanese   competitor "   mean   the   follow   entity   together   with   any   ultimate   parent   control   such   entity :   mitsubishi   ufj 
 financial   group ,   inc . ,   mizuho   financial   group ,   inc . ,   nomura   holding ,   inc . ,   daiwa   security   group   inc . ,   sumitomo   mitsui   trust   holding ,   inc . , 
 resona   holding ,   inc . ,   shinsei   bank ,   limited . ,   orix   corporation ,   any   of   their   respective   subsidiary   as   of   the   date   of   this   agreement   that 
 substantially   engage   in   an   investment   banking   business   or   any   other   cover   business   in   japan ,   and   any   respective   successor   of   any   of   the 
 entity   set   forth   herein . 

 " minimum   aggregate   fee "   have   the   meaning   give   in   section   4.3 . 

 " moelis   competitor "   mean   any   business   enterprise   that   be   engage   in ,   or   own   or   control   a   significant   interest   in   any   entity   that ,   in 
 either   case ,   be   engage ,   primarily   or   in   any   substantial   manner   in ,   investment   banking   activity   or   any   other   business   activity   that   moeli 
 holding   and/or   its   affiliate   be   engage   in   primarily   or   in   any   substantial   manner;   provide ,   however ,   that   no   private   equity   fund ,   sovereign 
 wealth   fund   or   merchant   bank   shall   be   deem   a   " moeli   competitor " . 

 " moelis   entity "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 

 " moelis   general   partner "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 

 " moelis   holding "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 

 " moelis   holding   agreement "   mean   that   certain   limited   partnership   agreement   of   moelis   holding ,   date   as   of   july   1 ,   2011   ( as 
 amend ) . 

 " moelis   manager "   mean   moeli   &   company   manager   llc ,   a   delaware   limit   liability   company . 

 " nikko "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 

 " nikko   affiliate "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   10.1 . 

 " non - japanese   competitor "   mean   the   follow   entity   together   with   any   ultimate   parent   control   such   entity :   evercore   partner 
 inc . ,   hawkpoint   partner   limited ,   perella   weinberg   partner   lp ,   sagent   advisor   inc . ,   dc   advisory   partner   limit   and   stifel   financial   corp . 
 ( which ,   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   include   stifel   nicolaus   weisel   ( f / k / a   thomas   weisel ) ) . 

 " partnership   interest "   mean   limit   partnership   interest   and   any   security   of   moelis   holding   or   any   successor   entity   into   which 
 partnership   interest   be   convert ,   exchange   or   redesignate ,   include   in   connection   with   any   recapitalization   of   moelis   holding   for   the 
 purpose   of   conduct   the   ipo . 

 " party "   or   " party "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 

 " piggyback   registration "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.2 . 

 " prior   agreement "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   recital   to   this   agreement . 

 " prospectus "   mean   the   prospectus   ( include   any   preliminary   prospectus   and   any   final   prospectus )   include   in   any   registration 
 statement ,   as   amend   or   supplement   by   any   free   writing   prospectus ,   whether   or   not   require   to   be   file   with   the   sec ,   prospectus   supplement 
 with   respect   to   the   term   of   the   offering   of   any   portion   of   the   registrable   security   cover   by   the   registration   statement   and   by   all   other 
 amendment   and   supplement   to   the   prospectus ,   and   all   material   incorporate   by   reference   in   such   prospectus . 

 " registrable   security "   mean   all   smbc   unit   beneficially   own   by   the   smbc   unit - holder   at   any   time ,   and   any   security   of   moelis 
 holding   or   any   successor   entity   into   which   the   smbc   unit   be   convert ,   exchange   or   redesignate ,   include   in   connection   with   any 
 recapitalization   of   moelis   holding   for   the   purpose   of   conduct   the   ipo;   provide ,   however ,   that   an   smbc   unit   shall   cease   to   be   a   registrable 
 security   when   ( i )   it   have   be   effectively   register   under   the   security   act   and   dispose   of   in   accordance   with   the   registration   statement   cover 
 it ,   or   ( ii )   it   be   distribute   to   the   public   pursuant   to   rule   144 . 

 " registration   statement "   mean   any   registration   statement   of   moelis   holding   that   cover   registrable   security   pursuant   to   the 
 provision   of   this   agreement ,   include   the   prospectus ,   amendment   and   supplement   to   such   registration   statement ,   include   pre-   and   post- 
 effective   amendment ,   and   all   exhibit   and   all   material   incorporate   by   reference   in   such   registration   statement . 

 " representative "   mean ,   with   respect   to   any   person ,   such   person ’s ,   or   such   person ’s   subsidiary ' ,   director ,   officer ,   employee , 
 accountant ,   investment   banker ,   commercial   bank   lender ,   attorney   and   other   advisor   or   representative   ( include   the   employee   or   attorney 
 of   such   accountant ,   investment   banker   or   attorney ) . 

 " rule   144 "   mean   rule   144   promulgate   under   the   security   act   or   any   similar   rule   or   regulation   hereafter   adopt   by   the   security   and 
 exchange   commission   have   substantially   the   same   effect   as   such   rule . 

 " side   letter "   mean   the   letter   from   moeli   general   partner   and   moeli   holding   to   smbc ,   re   investment   in   moeli   &   company   holding 
 lp ,   date   the   date   hereof . 

 " smbc "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 

 " smbc   affiliate "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   10.1 . 

 " smbc   competitor "   mean   ( i )   any   of   the   japanese   competitor ,   ( ii )   each   of   the   non - japanese   competitor ,   ( iii )   any   entity   that   be 
 control   by   any   japanese   competitor   or   any   non - japanese   competitor   and   that   engage   in   an   investment   banking   business   or   any   other 
 cover   business   and   ( iv )   any   entity   that   be   under   common   control   with   or   control   any   major   japanese   competitor   and   that   engage   in   an 
 investment   banking   business   or   any   other   cover   business . 

 " smbc   unit "   mean   all   partnership   interest ,   include   common   unit ,   hold   by   an   smbc   unit - holder ,   which   shall   include   all   partnership 
 interest   acquire   pursuant   to   the   subscription   agreement   or   thereafter . 

 " smbc   unit - holder "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.1(a)(i ) . 

 " security   act "   mean   the   security   act   of   1933 ,   as   amend . 

 " smb   c / nikko "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 

 " strategic   alliance "   mean   the   right   and   obligation   of   the   party   set   forth   in   article   ii   to   xii   of   this   agreement . 

 " sub - advisor   party "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   8.4 . 

 " subscription   agreement "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   the   recital   to   this   agreement . 

 " suspension   period "   have   the   meaning   set   forth   in   section   13.6 . 

 " underwritten   offering "   mean   a   public   offering   of   security   register   under   the   security   act   in   which   an   underwriter ,   placement   agent 
 or   other   intermediary   participate   in   the   distribution   of   such   security . 

 1.2   interpretation . 

 ( a )   capitalize   term   use   without   definition   herein   shall   have   the   respective   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   moelis 
 holding   agreement . 

 article   ii . 

 strategic   alliance . 

 2.1   strategic   alliance .   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   wish   to   continue   their   strategic   alliance   with   respect   to   certain   investment 
 banking   business   in   certain   region   involve   japanese   company   as   set   forth   herein ,   and   will   continue   to   offer   the   other   the   same   quality   or   level 
 of   service   that   be   offer   under   the   prior   agreement .   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   will   help   the   other   continue   the   growth   of   the   other 
 party ’s   investment   banking   business . 

 2.2   obligation   of   the   party .   each   of   the   party   acknowledge   and   agree   that   each   other   party   may ,   and   at   the   reasonable   request   from 
 another   party ,   shall ,   cause   one   or   more   of   such   party ’s   affiliate   to   act   on   behalf   of   such   party   in   the   performance   of   its   duty   or   exercise   of   its 
 right   under   this   agreement . 

 article   iii . 

 scope . 

 3.1   scope .   subject   to   the   term   and   condition   set   forth   in   this   agreement   and   to   the   extent   permit   by   pre - exist   arrangement   of 
 either   party ,   smbc / nikko ,   on   the   one   hand ,   and   moeli   holding ,   on   the   other   hand ,   shall   use   their   commercially   reasonable   good   effort   to   work 
 together   on   cover   business   involve   japanese   company   where   all   principal   party   involve   be   locate   within   cover   region .   the 
 strategic   alliance   shall   continue   to   be   non - exclusive . 

 3.2   cover   business .   " cover   business "   shall   mean   m&a   advisory ,   restructure   advisory   ( such   as   advise   on   recapitalization 
 and   restructure   transaction ) ,   capital   market   advisory   ( include   agency   private   placement ) ,   risk   advisory   ( such   as   advise   on   investing , 
 structuring ,   manage ,   restructuring   and   divest   risk   exposure   and   complex   asset   class )   and   merchant   banking   business   ( such   as   principal 
 investment )   to   the   extent   the   applicable   target   transaction   requirement   set   forth   in   section   4.3   of   this   agreement   be   satisfied ,   but   specifically 
 exclude   ( unless   the   party   mutually   agree   to   include   a   specific   transaction )   ( i )   underwritten   offering   and   bank   or   similar   committed   financing ,   ( ii ) 
 purely   domestic   japanese   transaction   such   as   transaction   solely   between / among   company   organize   or   headquarter   in   japan   ( include   any 
 transaction   of   or   by   subsidiary   or   affiliate   of   such   company   locate   throughout   the   world   conduct   as   part   of   any   such   transaction ) ,   ( iii )   any 
 transaction   introduce   to   a   party   by   a   person   or   entity   ( other   than   a   principal   party   to   the   transaction )   not   affiliate   with   such   party   and   ( iv ) 
 transaction   where   a   party ,   its   subsidiary   or   control   affiliate   be   a   principal   party . 

 3.3   cover   region .   " cover   region "   shall   mean   japan ,   north   america ,   europe ,   the   middle   east   and   north   africa ,   australia ,   hong 
 kong   and   china .   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   the   definition   of   cover   region   do   not   prohibit   the   party   from 

 discuss   or   work   together   on   cover   business   in   region   outside   the   cover   region ,   such   as   non - japan / hong   kong / china   asia . 

 3.4   japanese   company .   " japanese   company "   shall   mean   ( i )   company   organize   or   headquarter   in   japan   and   their   subsidiary   and 
 control   affiliate   outside   japan ,   ( ii )   subsidiary   and   control   affiliate   organize   or   headquarter   in   japan   of   parent   company   in   the   cover 
 region   other   than   japan   and   ( iii )   japanese   governmental   and   quasi - governmental   entity   and   affiliate . 

 3.5   client .   a   " client "   be   ( i )   with   respect   to   smbc / nikko ,   a   japanese   company   or   any   other   person   or   entity   within   cover   region   that 
 smbc / nikko   introduce   to   moeli   holding   pursuant   to   this   agreement   and   ( ii )   with   respect   to   moeli   holding ,   a   japanese   company   or   any 
 other   person   or   entity   within   cover   region   that   moeli   holding   introduce   to   smbc / nikko   pursuant   to   this   agreement . 

 3.6   corporate   lending   business .   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   will   continue   to   work   together   in   good   faith   to   seek   way   to   expand 
 the   strategic   alliance   to   cover   corporate   lending   opportunity   where   moeli   holding   source   corporate   lending   opportunity   for   smbc / nikko   to 
 moeli   holding '   client   and   work   with   smbc / nikko   to   provide   smbc / nikko   client   and   relationship   access   to   moeli   holding   capability   in 
 cover   business .   the   party   may   enter   into   additional   agreement   and/or   addenda   to   this   agreement   design   to   elaborate   upon   and   clarify 
 the   arrangement   contemplate   by   this   section   3.6 . 

 article   iv . 

 fee   allocation . 

 4.1   general   allocation .   the   party   agree   to   share   fee   50/50   on   assignment   within   the   scope   of   this   agreement   set   forth   in   section   3.1 
 where   smbc   or   nikko ,   on   the   one   hand ,   and   moeli   holding ,   on   the   other   hand ,   be   jointly   retain   as   co - advisor   by   a   client   for   such 
 assignment ,   except   as   otherwise   mutually   agree   with   respect   to   a   specific   matter   by   the   party .   the   party   agree   that   the   party   will   generally 
 seek   to   be   jointly   retain   as   co - advisor   by   a   client   on   assignment   within   the   scope   of   this   agreement . 

 4.2   certain   moeli   holding   sell - side   assignment .   in   the   case   of   m&a   sell - side   assignment   originate   by   moelis   holding   within   the 
 scope   of   this   agreement   set   forth   in   section   3.1   for   which   smbc   or   nikko   do   not   serve   ( together   with   moeli   holding )   as   a   co - advisor   to   the 
 seller ,   if   smbc   or   nikko   introduce   the   actual   buyer ,   and   neither   smbc   nor   nikko   obtain   a   mandate   to   serve   as   an   advisor   to   such   buyer   in 
 connection   with   such   acquisition ,   moeli   holding   will   pay   smbc / nikko   an   introduction   fee   equal   to   15   of   the   sale   transaction   fee   pay   to 
 moeli   holding .   there   will   be   no   other   sharing   of   fee   receive   from   the   seller   between   moelis   holding   and   smb   c / nikko   on   any   such 
 assignment . 

 4.3   target   transaction .   the   strategic   alliance   will   target   transaction   on   which   both   party   work   together   as   co - advisor   to   a   client   on 
 the   term   and   condition   set   forth   in   section   3.1   with   minimum   aggregate   fee   ( the   " minimum   aggregate   fee " )   of :   ( 1 )   m&a   advisory ,   3   million , 
 ( 2 )   restructuring   advisory ,   2   million   and   ( 3 )   capital   market   advisory   and   risk   advisory ,   1   million . 

 4.4   discretionary   fee   sharing .   one   or   more   senior   representative   of   moeli   holding   or   smbc / nikko ,   as   the   case   may   be ,   will   consider   on 
 a   case   by   case   basis   if   request   by   a   senior   representative   of   the   other   party ,   discretionary   fee   sharing   when   moeli   holding   or   smbc / nikko ,   as 
 the   case   may   be ,   provide   demonstrable   value . 

 4.5   primary   fee   allocation   criterion .   the   party   may   mutually   agree   on   a   fee   allocation   different   from   the   forego   allocation   in   good   faith 
 base   on ,   among   other   thing ,   the   follow   criterion : 

 ( a )   whether   one   or   both   party   have   an   important   relationship   that   be   crucial   to   secure   an   assignment 

 ( b )   resource   contribution 

 ( c )   product   expertise 

 ( d )   industry   expertise 

 ( e )   transaction   size 

 ( f )   resource   constraint 

 article   v. 

 non - circumvention / non - solicitation . 

 5.1   non - circumvention .   subject   to   pre - exist   arrangement   of   either   party ,   each   party   agree   not   to   circumvent   this   agreement   and   to 
 act   in   good   faith   in   the   spirit   of   the   strategic   alliance .   each   party   shall   ensure   that   its   control   affiliate   comply   with   the   term   and   condition   of 
 this   agreement . 

 5.2   non - solicitation .   each   of   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   agree   not   to   solicit   or   hire   any   employee   of   the   other   party   during   the 
 term   of   this   agreement   and   for   a   period   of   12   month   thereafter;   provide ,   however ,   that   the   forego   restriction   shall   not   apply   to   general 
 solicitation   to   the   public   that   be   not   specifically   direct   to   employee   of   other   party   ( or   employment   of   applicant   to   such   solicitation ) .   each   of 
 smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   agree ,   during   the   term   of   this   agreement   ( except   pursuant   to   this   agreement )   and   for   a   period   of   12   month 
 thereafter ,   not   to   solicit   any   client   introduce   by   the   other   party   in   connection   with   an   assignment   on   cover 

 business   involve   japanese   company   where   all   principal   party   involve   be   locate   within   cover   region . 

 notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   this   provision   shall   not   prevent   any   party   from   solicit   or   otherwise   contact   any   client   ( i ) 
 for   any   purpose   other   than   work   on   or   obtain   an   assignment   on   cover   business   involve   japanese   company   in   cover   region 
 where   all   principal   party   involve   be   locate   within   cover   region   or   ( ii )   with   whom   such   party   ( or   its   employee   or   consultant )   have   have   a 
 pre - exist   relationship ,   include ,   but   not   limit   to ,   a   pre - exist   contractual   or   business   relationship ,   prior   to   the   introduction   of   such   client   in 
 connection   with   an   assignment   cover   by   this   agreement . 

 5.3   japan   office .   moeli   holding   agree   not   to   open   an   office   in   japan   conduct   cover   business   during   the   term   of   this 
 agreement . 

 article   vi . 

 senior   sponsorship;   alliance   review   committee . 

 6.1   alliance   review   committee .   as   soon   as   reasonably   practicable   follow   the   effective   date ,   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   shall 
 form   a   six   person   committee   comprise   of   two   senior   executive   from   each   of   smbc ,   nikko   and   moeli   holding   to   review   and   discuss   the 
 progress   of   the   strategic   alliance   ( the   " alliance   review   committee " ) .   each   party   shall   notify   the   other   party   if   it   replace   either   of   its   designee   to 
 the   alliance   review   committee .   the   alliance   review   committee   will   meet   annually   and   will   have   the   authority   to   recommend   change   to   the 
 strategic   alliance   or   this   agreement   if   deem   appropriate .   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   the   recommendation   of   the   alliance   review   committee 
 will   not   be   bind   upon   any   party   unless   and   until   this   agreement   be   amend   or   modify   pursuant   to   section   15.3 . 

 article   vii . 

 training   and   development . 

 7.1   training   and   development .   during   the   term   of   this   agreement ,   moeli   holding   shall   offer   certain   full - time   analyst   and   associate   of 
 smbc / nikko ,   or   employee   with   similar   responsibility ,   the   opportunity   to   participate   annually   in   moeli   holding '   training   program   for   newly 
 hire   full - time   analyst   and   associate ,   to   the   extent   that   moeli   holding '   hold   such   a   program .   smbc / nikko   shall   reimburse   moeli   holding   for 
 all   out - of - pocket   and   allocate   expense   incur   by   moelis   holding   in   connection   with   smbc / nikko   employee '   attend   the   moelis   holding 
 training   program . 

 7.2   secondment   program . 

 ( a )   during   the   term   of   this   agreement ,   smbc / nikko   shall   second   3   or   4   banker   to   moeli   holding '   new   york   office   and   second 
 2   or   3   banker   to   moeli   holding '   london   office   as   local   staff   of   moelis   holding .   moeli   holding   shall   use   its   commercially   reasonable   good 
 effort   to   second   a   banker   to   smbc / nikko ’s   tokyo   office   as   local   staff   of   smbc / nikko .   all   secondee   shall   be   investment   banker   that   serve   in   a 
 position   with   responsibility   typically   associate   with   an   associate   or   a   vice   president   at   a   major   international   investment   bank ,   except   as 
 otherwise   agree   between   smb   c / nikko   and   moeli   holding . 

 ( b )   each   party   shall   be   responsible   for   all   out - of - pocket   and   allocate   expense   incur   by   its   employee   who   be   seconded .   a 
 party ’s   secondee(s )   must   be   reasonably   acceptable   to   the   other   party   and   shall   agree   to   be   subject   to   any   policy   and   procedure ,   include 
 without   limitation ,   relate   to   confidential   and   proprietary   information   and   security   and   other   trading   activity   limitation ,   that   the   party   accept 
 such   secondee   may   determine   be   necessary   and/or   appropriate . 

 ( c )   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   will   from   time   to   time   during   the   term   of   this   agreement ,   review   and   discuss   the 
 secondment   program   and   such   addition   and   change   the   party   consider   appropriate   to   far   the   strategic   alliance . 

 article   viii . 

 engagement . 

 8.1   engagement   letter   and   other   agreement . 

 ( a )   party .   where   the   party   be   execute   an   assignment   together   pursuant   to   this   agreement ,   it   be   anticipate   that   generally 
 both   party   ( or   one   of   their   respective   affiliate )   will   sign   the   engagement   letter   ( and ,   where   necessary ,   other   relevant   agreement )   with   the   relevant 
 client   in   connection   with   the   assignment .   in   certain   limited   circumstance   mutually   agree   upon   by   the   party ,   one   party   may   sign   the   engagement 
 letter   with   the   client   and   then   such   party   would   also   sign   an   agreement   with   the   other   party   or   party   for   such   party   or   party   to   provide   service 
 to   the   client   and   receive   compensation ,   indemnification   and   other   protection   after   receive   the   write   consent   of   such   client . 

 ( b )   right   and   obligation .   the   engagement   letter   will   ( unless   otherwise   agree )   include   a   provision   to   the   effect   that :   " the 
 right   and   obligation   of   smbc ,   nikko   and   moeli   holding   be   the   several   right   and   obligation   of   smbc ,   nikko   and   moeli   holding   and   that 
 each   of   smbc ,   nikko   or   moeli   holding   shall   not   be   liable   or   responsible   for   the   action   or   omission   of   the   other . " 

 ( c )   payment .   the   engagement   letter   will   ( unless   otherwise   agree )   provide   that   payment   would   be   make   to   either   smbc / nikko 
 or   moeli   holding   and   smbc / nikko   and   moeli   holding   will   split   the   fee   pursuant   to   this   agreement . 

 8.2   expense .   if   only   one   party   be   engage   for   an   assignment ,   such   party   will   submit   expense   of   the   other   party   for   reimbursement   by   the 
 client .   if   there   be   an   expense   cap   or   any   other   expense   reimbursement   reduction ,   the   party   will   ( unless   otherwise   agree )   bear   the   cost   of   such 
 unreimbursed   expense   in   the   same   proportion   as   the   party   agree   to   split   the   fee   from   such   assignment . 

 8.3   conflict   clearance .   each   party   shall   have   its   own   separate   conflict   identification ,   business   selection   and   client   vetting   procedure .   the 
 party   will   cooperate   to   identify   and   resolve   potential   conflict   issue . 

 8.4   compliance   with   law .   in   the   case   where   one   party   execute   an   engagement   letter   with   a   client   ( the   " main - advisor   party " )   and   the 
 main - advisor   party   appoint   and   retain   the   other   party   or   party   as   a   sub - advisor   ( the   " sub - advisor   party " ) ,   each   of   the   main - advisor   party 
 and   the   sub - advisor   party   shall   comply   in   all   material   respect   with   all   applicable   law   or   regulation ,   include   the   uk   bribery   act   2010 ,   the   we 
 foreign   corrupt   practice   act   of   1977   and   any   other   similar   anti - bribery   act   in   its   execution   and   performance   of   its   service   for   the   cover 
 business   for   such   client .   if   either   of   the   main - advisor   party   or   sub - advisor   party   breach   its   obligation   set   forth   in   this   section   8.4 ,   the   non- 
 breach   party   shall   have   the   right   to   immediately   terminate   its   sub - advisor   agreement   or   any   other   similar   agreement   enter   into   with   respect   to 
 the   cover   business   for   such   client   by   provide   a   write   notice   to   the   breach   party   that   specifically   identifie   how   the   breach   party   have 
 breach   this   section   8.4 . 

 article   ix . 

 joint   marketing . 

 9.1   joint   marketing .   the   party   shall   establish   a   joint   marketing   effort   for   the   strategic   alliance .   among   other   thing ,   the   party   shall 
 agree   upon   a   joint   press   release   and   communication   strategy   for   announce   the   strategic   alliance   and   certain   joint   marketing   material   which 
 either   party   may   use   in   marketing   to   client . 

 article   x. 

 confidentiality . 

 10.1   confidentiality .   the   party   each   agree   to   keep   confidential   all   non - public   information   disclose   by   another   party   or   a   client   or 
 prospective   client   or   a   representative   thereof   in   connection   with   the   strategic   alliance   ( include   this   agreement )   ( " confidential   information " ) ,   ( i ) 
 except   to   subsidiary ,   affiliate   or   their   professional   advisor   ( and   provide   that   the   party   shall   cause   the   recipient   to   assume   and   perform   the 
 confidentiality   obligation   equivalent   to   those   impose   on   such   party   under   this   agreement   and   shall   be   responsible   for   breach   of   such 
 obligation   by   such   recipient )   and   ( ii )   except   as   require   by   judicial   process   or   such   party ’s   regulatory   authority ,   and 

 to   use   such   information   only   for   purpose   of   the   strategic   alliance   ( include   this   agreement);   provide ,   however ,   that   confidential   information 
 shall   not   include   ( i )   information   that   be   already   in   the   receive   party ’s   possession   when   it   be   receive   and   not   subject   to   a   confidentiality   agreement 
 or   other   obligation   of   confidentiality   to   the   disclose   party ,   ( ii )   information   separately   obtain   by   the   receive   party   from   a   third   party   that   be   not 
 know   or   should   not   reasonably   be   know   to   the   person   receive   such   information   to   be   bind   by   a   confidentiality   agreement   or   other   obligation 
 of   confidentiality   to   the   disclose   party   and   ( iii )   information   independently   develop   by   the   receive   party   without   any   use   of   confidential 
 information .   in   the   event   that   any   disclosure   of   confidential   information   be   require   by   judicial   process   or   such   party ’s   regulatory   authority ,   the 
 party   require   to   make   such   disclosure   shall ,   to   the   extent   commercially   practicable   and   legally   permissible ,   consult   with   the   party   that   provide 
 such   confidential   information   prior   to   make   any   such   disclosure .   nothing   in   this   section   shall   restrict   the   receive   party ’s   ability   to   make   any 
 legally   required   disclosure   of   confidential   information   to   bank   examiner   or   other   supervisory   authority   have   jurisdiction   over   the   receive 
 party .   each   of   moelis   holding   and   smbc / nikko   shall   also   ask   the   other   if   it   have   internally   clear   the   receipt   of   non - public   information   regard   a 
 client   or   prospective   client   before   the   party   provide   such   information   deliver   any   such   information   to   the   receive   party .   due   to   japanese 
 firewall   restriction ,   ( i )   smbc   will   not   disclose   confidential   information   relate   to   its   client   to   nikko   ( ii )   nikko   will   not   disclose   confidential 
 information   relate   to   its   client   to   smbc   and   ( iii )   moeli   holding   shall   not   disclose   confidential   information   relate   to   a   client   receive   from 
 smbc   or   any   of   its   affiliate   ( exclude   nikko   and   any   person   that   would   be   an   affiliate   of   nikko   if   nikko   be   not   an   affiliate   of   smbc )   ( an   " smbc 
 affiliate " )   to   nikko   or   its   affiliate   ( exclude   smbc   and   any   person   that   would   be   an   affiliate   of   smbc   if   nikko   be   not   an   affiliate   of   smbc )   ( a 
 " nikko   affiliate " )   or   confidential   information   relate   to   a   client   receive   from   nikko   or   any   nikko   affiliate   to   smbc   or   any   smbc   affiliate , 
 without   first   obtain   such   client ’s   consent   to   such   disclosure .   this   section   10.1   shall   terminate   with   respect   to   confidential   information   relate 
 to   a   ( prospective )   client ,   two   year   follow   receipt   of   such   information ,   and   with   respect   to   any   other   confidential   information ,   two   year 
 follow   the   termination   of   this   agreement . 

 article   xi . 

 term 

 11.1   term .   this   agreement   shall   be   effective   as   of   january   1 ,   2012   ( the   " effective   date " ) ,   provide ,   however ,   that ,   article   xii   and 
 article   xiii   shall   not   be   effective   until   after   the   closing .   the   initial   term   of   this   agreement   shall   begin   on   the   effective   date   and   continue   for 
 three   ( 3 )   year ,   subject   to   the   prior   termination   right   provide   below .   at   the   end   of   such   initial   term ,   and   any   renew   term ,   as   applicable ,   this 
 agreement   shall   automatically   renew   for   an   additional   one   ( 1 )   year   term ,   unless   a   party   provide   write   notice   to   the   other   party   at   least   six   ( 6 ) 
 month   prior   to   the   end   of   the 

 initial   term .   at   any   time   during   a   renew   term ,   this   agreement   may   be   terminate   by   any   party   on   six   ( 6 )   month   prior   notice   that   it   wish   to 
 terminate   the   agreement . 

 11.2   termination .   this   agreement   may   be   terminate   as   follow : 

 ( a )   effective   immediately   upon   mutual   agreement   of   each   of   the   parties; 

 ( b )   immediately   by   a   non - breaching   party ,   if   either   smbc   or   nikko ,   on   the   one   hand ,   or   moeli   holding ,   on   the   other   hand ,   shall 
 materially   breach   the   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement ,   and   such   breach   be   continue   after   write   notice   have   be   give   by   the   non- 
 breach   party   to   the   breach   party   that   specifically   identifie   how   the   breach   party   have   breach   this   agreement ,   and   a   reasonable   period   of 
 time   have   elapse   in   which   to   cure   such   breach ,   which   period   shall   not   be   less   than   ninety   ( 90 )   calendar   day   from   the   date   that   such   breach 
 party   receive   such   notice; 

 ( c )   immediately   upon   the   bankruptcy ,   insolvency ,   or   make   of   the   assignment   for   the   benefit   of   creditor   by   a   party;   unless   such 
 termination   be   waive   by   the   party   in   writing   not   subject   to   any   of   the   forego   proceedings; 

 ( d )   by   any   party   if   the   smbc   unit - holder   cease   to   hold   any   partnership   interest   as   a   result   of   sale   or   transfer   pursuant   to 
 section   12.4   of   this   agreement   or   section   8.4   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   such   termination   to   be   effective   six   ( 6 )   month   follow   the   date 
 on   which   the   other   party   receive   write   notice   of   such   party ’s   election   to   terminate   this   agreement;   and 

 ( e )   immediately   by   moelis   holding   if   the   closing   have   not   occur   by   march   1 ,   2012   or   such   later   date   if   the   closing   be   delay 
 pursuant   to   the   term   of   the   subscription   agreement . 

 11.3   effect   of   termination .   in   the   event   of   the   termination   of   this   agreement ,   no   party   shall   have   any   liability   to   any   other   party   in   respect 
 of   this   agreement   except   for   any   liability   relate   to   any   breach   or   any   payment   obligation   hereunder   and   arise   prior   to   such   termination; 
 provide ,   that ,   section   5.2   ( non - solicitation )   and   8.2   ( expense )   and   article   x   ( confidentiality ) ,   xii   ( certain   transfer   right   of   smbc / nikko ) 
 ( other   than   section   12.6 ,   after   the   smbc   unit - holder   no   long   hold   any   partnership   interest ) ,   xiii   ( registration   right )   and   xv   ( miscellaneous ) 
 shall   survive   any   expiration   or   termination   of   this   agreement;   provide ,   however ,   if   moeli   holding   terminate   this   agreement   pursuant   to   section 
 11.2(b )   due   to   a   material   breach   by   either   smbc   or   nikko ,   or   if   this   agreement   be   terminate   pursuant   to   section   11.2(c )   due   to   the   bankruptcy , 
 insolvency   or   make   of   the   assignment   for   the   benefit   of   creditor   by   either   smbc   or   nikko ,   article   xii   ( certain   transfer   right   of 
 smbc / nikko )   and   xiii   ( registration   right )   shall   not   survive   such   termination;   provide ,   far ,   that ,   if   this   agreement   be   terminate   prior   to   the 
 closing ,   xii   ( certain   transfer   right   of   smb   c / nikko ) ,   xiii   ( registration   right )   shall   not   survive   such   termination . 

 article   xii . 

 certain   right   of   smbc / nikko . 

 12.1   advisory   board .   during   the   term   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   smbc / nikko   shall   have   the   right   to   appoint   one   person   to   serve   as   a 
 member   of   the   advisory   board   of   moelis   holding . 

 12.2   right   of   first   refusal . 

 ( a )   prior   to   the   ipo   and   during   the   term   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   smbc   shall   have   the   right   of   first   refusal   to   purchase   all   ( but   not 
 less   than   all )   additional   unit   that   moeli   holding   propose   to   issue   to   an   smbc   competitor ,   include   ( x )   in   a   propose   issuance   that   be 
 except   from   section   3.4.2   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement   as   an   issuance   to   a   strategic   investor ,   and   ( y )   in   a   propose   issuance   that   be   subject 
 to   section   3.4.2   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   to   the   extent   that   the   partner   do   not   exercise   in   full   their   right   of   first   refusal   thereunder .   the 
 above   right   be   in   addition   to   the   pro   rata   right   of   first   refusal   grant   to   all   partner   with   respect   to   issuance   of   additional   unit   in   section   3.4.2 
 of   the   moelis   holding   agreement . 

 ( b )   in   the   event   moeli   holding   propose   to   undertake   an   issuance   of   additional   unit   to   which   clause   ( x )   of   section   12.2(a ) 
 apply ,   it   shall   give   smbc   write   notice   of   its   intention   describe   the   price   and   term   upon   which   moeli   holding   propose   to   issue   the   same . 
 smbc   shall   have   ten   ( 10 )   day   from   the   date   of   delivery   of   any   such   notice   to   agree   to   purchase   all ,   but   not   less   than   all ,   of   such   additional   unit , 
 for   the   price   and   upon   the   term   specify   in   the   notice ,   by   deliver   write   notice   to   moeli   holding .   follow   the   expiration   of   such   10 - day 
 period ,   moeli   holding   shall   have   one   hundred   and   eighty-   ( 180- )   day   to   sell   or   enter   into   an   agreement   to   sell   the   additional   unit   with   respect 
 to   which   smbc ’s   right   of   first   refusal   be   not   exercise ,   at   a   price   and   upon   term   no   more   favorable   to   the   purchaser   of   such   security   than 
 specify   in   moeli   holding '   notice .   in   the   event   moeli   holding   have   not   sell   the   additional   unit   or   enter   into   an   agreement   to   sell   the 
 additional   unit   within   such   one   hundred   and   eighty-   ( 180- )   day   period ,   moeli   holding   shall   not   thereafter   issue   or   sell   any   additional   unit 
 without   first   comply   again   with   this   section   12.2 . 

 ( c )   in   the   event   moeli   holding   propose   to   undertake   any   issuance   of   additional   unit   to   which   clause   ( y )   of   section   12.2(a ) 
 apply ,   smbc   shall   specify   in   its   notice   deliver   to   moeli   holding   pursuant   to   section   3.4.2(b )   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   in   addition 
 to   whether   or   not   it   elect   to   purchase   its   pro   rata   portion   of   such   additional   unit ,   whether   or   not   it   shall   exercise   its   right   of   first   refusal   to 
 purchase   all   ( but   not   less   than   all )   of   the   additional   unit   that   other   partner   do   not   purchase   pursuant   to   their   right   of   first   refusal   under   section 
 3.4.2   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement . 

 ( d )   the   right   of   first   refusal   grant   hereunder   may   not   be   assign   or   transfer ,   except   that   such   right   be   assignable   by   smbc 
 to   any   of   its   respective   wholly - own   subsidiary . 

 12.3   moeli   general   partner ’s   consent   to   certain   transfer . 

 ( a )   prior   to   the   ipo   and   during   the   term   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   moeli   general   partner   shall   not   consent   to   a   sale   or   transfer   by   a 
 partner   of   its   partnership   interest   to   an   smbc   competitor   unless   the   moelis   general   partner   cause   the   partner   proposing   to   sell   or   transfer   its 
 partnership   interest   to   provide   smbc   with   a   right   to   purchase ,   on   the   same   term   and   condition ,   include   price ,   all   ( but   not   less   than   all )   of   the 
 partnership   interest   that   such   partner   propose   to   sell   or   transfer   to   an   smbc   competitor . 

 ( b )   in   the   event   a   partner   propose   to   undertake   a   sale   or   transfer   of   partnership   interest   to   which   the   foregoing   right   apply , 
 and   moeli   general   partner   must   consent   to   the   sale   or   transfer ,   moeli   general   partner   shall   require   that   partner   to   give   smbc   write   notice   of   its 
 intention   to   sell   or   transfer   partnership   interest   to   an   smbc   competitor   describe   the   price   and   term   upon   which   such   partner   propose   to   sell 
 or   transfer   its   partnership   interest .   smbc   shall   have   ten   ( 10 )   day   from   the   date   of   delivery   of   any   such   notice   to   agree   to   purchase   all ,   but   not 
 less   than   all ,   of   such   partnership   interest ,   for   the   price   and   upon   the   term   specify   in   the   notice ,   by   deliver   write   notice   to   such   partner   and 
 moeli   holding . 

 ( c )   follow   the   expiration   of   such   10 - day   period ,   the   partner   proposing   to   sell   or   transfer   partnership   interest   shall   have   one 
 hundred   and   eighty-   ( 180- )   day   to   sell   or   transfer ,   or   enter   into   an   agreement   to   sell   or   transfer   the   partnership   interest   with   respect   to   which 
 smbc   ‘s   right   under   section   12.3(a )   be   not   exercise ,   at   a   price   and   upon   term   no   more   favorable   to   the   purchaser   of   such   security   than 
 specify   in   the   partner ’s   notice .   in   the   event   the   partner   have   not   sell   or   transfer   the   partnership   interest ,   or   enter   into   an   agreement   to   sell   or 
 transfer   the   partnership   interest ,   within   such   one   hundred   and   eighty-   ( 180- )   day   period ,   moeli   general   partner   shall   not   consent   to   the   partner ’s 
 selling   or   transfer   its   partnership   interest   to   an   smbc   competitor   thereafter   without   first   require   the   partner   to   comply   again   with   this 
 section   12.3 . 

 ( d )   the   right   grant   under   this   section   12.3   may   not   be   assign   or   transfer ,   except   that   such   right   be   assignable   by   smbc 
 to   any   of   its   respective   wholly - own   subsidiary . 

 ( e )   nothing   in   this   section   12.3   shall   affect   the   power   of   moeli   general   partner   to   withhold   consent   to   any   transfer   of   partnership 
 interest   in   its   sole   discretion   to   the   extent   authorize   under   section   8.1   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement . 

 12.4   certain   transfer   matter . 

 ( a )   during   the   term   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   if   km   sell   all   or   a   portion   of   km ’s   partnership   interest ,   the   smbc   unit - holder 
 may   sell   a   pro   rata   portion   of   the   smbc   unit   without   regard   to   any   timing   or   transfer   restriction   impose   by   this   agreement   or   the   moelis 
 holding   agreement ,   except   that   such   sale   or   transfer   may   not   be   to   a   moelis   competitor .   in   the   event   km   propose   to   undertake   a   sale   or 

 transfer   of   km ’s   partnership   interest   to   which   the   foregoing   right   apply ,   km   shall   give   write   notice   to   smbc   and   moeli   general   partner   at 
 least   ten   ( 10 )   day   in   advance   of   such   sale   or   transfer ,   describe   the   percent   of   km ’s   partnership   interest   be   sell   or   transfer .   km   shall   give 
 write   notice   to   smbc   and   moeli   general   partner   within   five   ( 5 )   day   of   any   cancellation   or   postponement   of   such   sale .   when   an   smbc   unit- 
 holder   elect   to   sell   or   transfer   the   smbc   unit   pursuant   to   its   right   grant   under   this   section   12.4(a ) ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   shall   provide 
 moeli   general   partner   with   a   notice   state   its   intent   to   sell   or   transfer   the   smbc   unit   pursuant   to   this   section   12.4(a ) .   within   ten   ( 10 )   day   of 
 receive   such   notice   from   an   smbc   unit - holder ,   moeli   general   partner   shall   deliver   to   such   smbc   unit - holder   its   consent   for   the   propose   sale 
 or   transfer ,   unless   the   propose   sale   or   transfer   be   to   a   moelis   competitor .   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   if   the   transaction   be   subject   to   ( i )   a   drag- 
 along   right   or   a   tag - along   right ,   and   such   right   be   exercise ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   shall   be   deem   to   have   sell   its   pro   rata   portion   of   its 
 partnership   interest   with   respect   to   such   transaction   and   shall   not   have   any   additional   right   under   this   section   12.4(a )   or   ( ii )   section   13.2   of   this 
 agreement ,   and   an   smbc   unit - holder   exercise   its   right   thereunder ,   such   smbc   unit - holder   shall   be   deem   to   have   sell   its   pro   rata   portion   of 
 its   partnership   interest   with   respect   to   such   transaction   and   shall   not   have   any   additional   right   under   this   section   12.4(a ) .   the   above   right   shall 
 be   in   addition   to   the   drag - along   right   and   the   tag - along   right   with   respect   to   transfer   by   moeli   general   partner   set   forth   in   section   8.4.1   and 
 8.4.2 ,   respectively ,   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement . 

 ( b )   during   the   term   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   and   after   the   first   anniversary   of   moelis   holding '   commence   a   public   register 
 share   sale   program   for   manage   director   and   other   employee   of   moeli   holding   or   its   affiliate ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   may   sell   or   transfer 
 partnership   interest   pursuant   to   such   public   register   share   sale   program   for   any   give   period   in   an   amount   equal   to   ( i )   the   number   of   partnership 
 interest   that   can   be   sell   pursuant   to   the   program   in   such   period   multiply   by   ( ii )   a   fraction   whose   numerator   be   the   number   of   partnership 
 interest   the   smbc   unit - holder   have   elect   to   sell   in   such   program   during   such   period   and   whose   denominator   be   the   total   number   of 
 partnership   interest   the   smbc   unit - holder   have   elect   to   sell   plus   the   number   of   partnership   interest   all   other   person   have   elect   to   sell   in 
 such   program   during   such   period   ( whether   such   partnership   interest   be   hold   as   outstanding   common   stock   of   a   successor   or   parent   company   of 
 moeli   holding   or   as   interest   in   an   affiliate   of   such   public   company )   ( for   example ,   if   50   partnership   interest   can   be   sell   during   the   period ,   the 
 smbc   unit - holder   have   elect   to   sell   400   partnership   interest   and   all   person   other   than   the   smbc   unit - holder   have   elect   to   sell   1,600 
 partnership   interest ,   then   the   smbc   unit - holder   may   sell   10   partnership   interest   and   the   other   person   may   sell   40   partnership   interests); 
 provide ,   that ,   ( 1 )   the   smbc   unit - holder   shall   be   subject   to   the   same   condition   and   term   as   the   other   participant   in   the   program;   ( 2 )   such   right 
 under   this   section   12.4(b )   shall   not   apply   to   sale   moeli   holding   may   permit   certain   of   its   manage   director   and   other   employee   to   make   under 
 rule   144   or   otherwise;   and   ( 3 )   if   both   section   12.4(a )   and   section   12.4(b )   apply   to   a   sale   or   transfer   of   partnership   interest ,   an   smbc   unit - holder 
 may   sell   the   high   of   the   amount   under   section   12.4(a )   or   section   12.4(b ) .   if   such   public   register   share   sale   program   as   set   forth   in   this   section 
 12.4(b )   be   establish ,   moeli   holding   will   provide   the   smbc   unit - holder   with   a   monthly   report   which   provide   the   number   of   partnership 
 interest   be 

 sell   in   such   share   sale   program   during   the   relevant   month   and   the   outstanding   number   of   partnership   interest   that   be   leave   in   the   public   sale 
 register   sale   program   as   of   the   end   of   the   relevant   month . 

 ( c )   after   the   termination   of   the   strategic   alliance : 

 ( i )   prior   to   the   ipo ,   moeli   general   partner   shall   not   unreasonably   withhold   its   consent   to   an   smbc   unit - holder ’s 
 transferring   all   or   a   portion   of   the   smbc   unit   to   any   other   person   who   be   not   a   moeli   competitor;   and 

 ( ii )   follow   the   ipo ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   may   freely   transfer   the   smbc   unit ,   subject   to   applicable   security 
 law . 

 ( d )   follow   the   third   anniversary   of   the   closing ,   whether   or   not   during   the   term   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   the   smbc   unit- 
 holder   may   sell   up   to   9,231   smbc   unit   ( i )   prior   to   the   ipo ,   with   the   consent   of   moeli   general   partner   ( which   consent   may   not   be   unreasonably 
 withhold ) ,   provide   such   sale   be   not   to   a   moeli   competitor ,   or   ( ii )   follow   the   ipo ,   without   restriction ,   subject   only   to   applicable   security   law . 

 ( e )   during   the   term   of   the   strategic   alliance   and   prior   to   the   ipo ,   moeli   holding   shall   notify   smbc   in   advance   of   publicly 
 announce   the   sale   or   issuance   of   any   interest   in   moeli   holding   ( other   than   management   unit )   to   a   strategic   investor ,   provide ,   that   moeli 
 holding   shall   notify   smbc   in   advance   only   to   the   extent   and   in   such   manner   as   it   be   permissible   under   any   confidentiality   agreement   enter   into 
 in   connection   with   such   sale   or   issuance . 

 12.5   amendment   to   the   moelis   holding   agreement .   without   the   prior   write   consent   of   smbc   ( which   consent   shall   not   be 
 unreasonably   withhold ,   delay   or   condition ) ,   moeli   general   partner   shall   not   enter   into   any   side   letter   or   agreement   ( other   than   the   vest 
 agreement   of   any   management   partner )   with   any   limit   partner   in   respect   of   the   issuance   or   hold   of   any   class   or   type   of   interest   in   the 
 partnership   that   ( i )   modify   the   limit   liability   of   the   smbc   unit - holder ,   ( ii )   materially   and   adversely   affect   in   a   disproportionate   manner   the 
 interest   of   the   smbc   unit - holder   in   net   income ,   net   loss   or   available   asset ,   ( iii )   increase   the   capital   contribution   require   to   be   make   by   the 
 smbc   unit - holder ,   ( iv )   modify   the   smbc   unit - holder '   drag - along   right   or   tag - along   right   under   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   or   ( v ) 
 materially   and   adversely   affect   in   a   disproportionate   manner   the   interest   of   the   smbc   unit - holder   in   the   distribution ,   regardless   of   whether 
 such   side   letter   or   agreement   be   enter   into   by   such   limit   partner   in   its   capacity   as   such ,   and   regardless   of   whether   smbc   be   entitle   to 
 participate   or   do   participate   in   such   issuance   of   or   otherwise   hold   any   such   interests;   provide ,   however ,   the   forego   consent   of   smbc   shall 
 not   be   require   if   the   side   letter   or   agreement   affect   management   unit   in   a   substantially   similar   manner . 

 12.6   percentage   interest   limit .   notwithstanding   anything   to   the   contrary   in   this   agreement   or   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   none   of 
 smbc ,   moeli   holding   or   any   of   their   control   affiliate   shall   take   any   action ,   include   with   respect   to   the   acquisition   of   any   partnership 
 interest   pursuant   to   the   exercise   of   any   right   under   this   agreement   or   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   that   would   reasonably   be   expect   to   ( i ) 
 cause   smbc ,   or   any   of   its   affiliate ,   to   require   approval   of   the   board   of   governor   of   the   federal   reserve   system   under   section   4   of   the   u.s .   bank 
 hold   company   act   of   1956 ,   as   amend   ( include   regulation   y   promulgate   thereunder ) ,   or   otherwise ,   to   acquire   or   retain   any   interest   in 
 moeli   holding   or   ( ii )   cause   moeli   holding   to   be   deem   to   be   or   presume   to   be   " control "   by   smbc ,   or   any   of   its   affiliate ,   for   purpose   of 
 the   u.s .   bank   hold   company   act   of   1956 ,   as   amend   ( include   regulation   y   promulgate   thereunder ) .   smbc   and   moeli   holding   shall 
 cooperate   with   each   other   and   use   their   reasonable   good   effort   to   avoid   any   of   the   event   in   the   precede   sentence   by   take   any   and   all   action 
 necessary ,   include ,   without   limitation ,   in   connection   with   any   restructuring   to   facilitate   the   ipo ,   which   shall   include ,   among   other   thing ,   issue 
 a   new   class   or   series   of   partnership   interest   or   alternative   economic   interest   to   smbc ,   or   its   affiliate ,   as   applicable .   notwithstanding   anything   to 
 the   contrary   in   this   section   12.6 ,   nothing   shall   prevent   smbc ,   or   its   affiliate ,   from   seek   a   noncontrol   determination   from   the   staff   of   the   board 
 of   governor   of   the   federal   reserve   system   with   respect   to   any   action   that   would   otherwise   be   prohibit   by   this   section   12.6 ,   and ,   after   receive 
 a   noncontrol   determination ,   take   such   action ,   include   acquire   additional   partnership   interest . 

 article   xiii . 

 registration   right . 

 13.1   registration . 

 ( a ) 

 ( i )   follow   the   ipo   and   the   termination   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   smbc   shall   have   the   right   to   demand   that   moeli 
 holding   register   the   sale   of   all ,   but   not   less   than   all ,   of   the   registrable   security   hold   by   smbc   and   its   affiliate   ( together   the 
 " smbc   unit - holder " )   under   the   security   act   ( the   " demand   notice " ) ,   provide ,   however ,   smbc   shall   not   be   permit   to 
 deliver   the   demand   notice   within   ( i )   180   day   of   the   ipo   or   ( ii )   60   day   of   any   public   offering   and   sale   of   partnership   interest 
 ( and/or   any   security   of   moelis   holding   or   any   successor   entity   into   which   partnership   interest   be   convert ,   exchange   or 
 redesignate )   for   cash   pursuant   to   an   effective   registration   statement   ( other   than   on   form   s-4   or   s-8   or   a   comparable   form ) ,   and 
 subject   to   the   term   of   any   agreement   enter   into   by   moelis   holding ,   smbc   or   nikko   pursuant   to   section   13.7 .   within   60   day 
 after   moeli   holding   receive   a   write   notice   to   register   the   registrable   security ,   moeli   holding   will 

 file   a   registration   statement ,   on   an   appropriate   form ,   to   register   the   sale   of   the   registrable   security ,   which   registration 
 statement   will   ( if   specify   in   the   smbc   unit - holder '   notice )   contemplate   the   ability   of   the   smbc   unit - holder   to   effect   an 
 underwritten   offering   ( the   " demand   registration " ) .   the   demand   notice   shall   specify   the   intend   method   of   distribution   of   the 
 registrable   security .   subject   to   section   13.2 ,   moeli   holding   may   include   in   any   registration   effect   pursuant   to   this   section 
 13.1   any   security   for   its   own   account   or   for   the   account   of   holder   ( other   than   the   smbc   unit - holder )   of   partnership   interests; 
 provide ,   that ,   moeli   holding   shall   pay   a   portion   of   all   expense   of   moeli   holding   ( include   those   set   forth   in   section   13.8 ) 
 in   connection   with   any   such   registration ,   in   proportion   to   the   aggregate   sell   price   of   all   security   so   include   in   any   such 
 registration . 

 ( ii )   moeli   holding   will   use   its   commercially   reasonable   effort   ( i )   to   cause   any   registration   statement   to   be   declare 
 effective   ( unless   it   become   effective   automatically   upon   filing )   as   promptly   as   practicable   after   the   filing   thereof   with   the   sec 
 and   ( ii )   to   keep   such   registration   statement   current   and   effective   for   a   period   of   90   day ,   or   such   short   time   necessary   for   the 
 completion   of   the   sale   of   registrable   security   register   thereon .   moelis   holding   far   agree   to   use   its   commercially 
 reasonable   effort   to   supplement   or   make   amendment   to   such   registration   statement   as   may   be   necessary   to   keep   such 
 registration   statement   effective   for   the   period   refer   to   in   clause   ( ii )   above ,   include   ( a )   to   respond   to   the   comment   of   the 
 sec ,   if   any ,   ( b )   as   may   be   require   by   the   registration   form   utilize   by   moelis   holding   for   such   registration   statement   or   by   the 
 instruction   to   such   registration   form ,   ( c )   as   may   be   require   by   the   security   act ,   or   ( d )   as   may   reasonably   be   request   in 
 writing   by   the   smbc   unit - holder   or   any   underwriter   and   acceptable   to   moeli   holding .   moeli   holding   agree   to   furnish   to 
 the   smbc   unit - holder   copy   of   any   such   supplement   or   amendment   no   later   than   the   time   it   be   first   use   or   file   with   the   sec . 

 ( b )   if   the   demand   notice   specifie   that   the   registrable   security   will   be   sell   in   an   underwritten   offering ,   the   party   shall 
 mutually   agree   on   the   lead   underwriter   and   any   additional   underwriter . 

 ( c )   any   registration   initiate   pursuant   to   section   13.1(a )   shall   not   count   as   a   demand   registration   ( i )   unless   and   until   the 
 registration   statement   with   respect   to   the   registrable   security   have   become   effective   and   remain   effective   for   a   period   of   90   day   or ,   if   a   short 
 time ,   until   all   of   the   registrable   security   have   be   sell ,   or   ( ii )   if   the   condition   to   closing   specify   in   the   underwriting   agreement ,   if   any ,   enter 
 into   in   connection   with   such   registration   be   not   satisfied   or   waive ,   other   than   by   reason   of   a   failure   on   the   part   of   the   smbc   unit - holder . 

 13.2   piggyback   registration .   if   moeli   holding   propose   to   file   a   registration   statement   under   the   security   act   ( other   than   non- 
 participate ,   non - convertible   debt   or 

 equity   security   or   security   to   be   issue   pursuant   to   a   registration   statement   on   form   s-4   or   s-8   or   any   comparable   form )   for   its   own   account   or 
 for   the   account   of   a   holder   ( other   than   the   smbc   unit - holder )   of   partnership   interest ,   include   in   connection   with   the   ipo   and   where   smb 
 c / nikko   ( include   an   smbc   unit - holder )   have   the   right   to   sell   any   or   all   smbc   unit   under   this   agreement ,   then   moeli   holding   shall   give 
 write   notice   of   such   propose   filing   to   the   smbc   unit - holder   as   soon   as   commercially   practicable   but   in   no   event   less   than   ( i )   20   day   before 
 the   anticipate   filing   date   or   ( ii )   if   moeli   holding   determine   to   conduct   a   registration   less   than   20   day   before   the   anticipate   filing   date ,   then   on 
 the   date   moeli   holding   determine   to   proceed   with   such   registration   ( a   " piggyback   registration " ) .   if   moeli   holding   propose   to   file   the 
 registration   statement   before   the   termination   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   the   write   notice   to   the   smbc   unit - holder   shall   include   the   number   of 
 partnership   interest   to   be   sell   by   km   and   the   percentage   of   the   total   partnership   interest   hold   by   km   represent   by   that   number .   within   10 
 day   after   delivery   of   any   such   notice   by   moelis   holding ,   or   such   short   period   as   moeli   holding   specifie   in   such   notice   if   moeli   holding 
 determine   to   conduct   a   registration   less   than   10   day   before   the   anticipate   filing   date ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   may   request   in   write   that   moeli 
 holding   include   any   registrable   security   hold   by   the   smbc   unit - holder   in   the   propose   registration .   the   request   by   the   smbc   unit - holder 
 shall   specify   the   number   of   registrable   security   propose   to   be   include   in   the   registration .   moeli   holding   will   then ,   subject   to   section   13.3 , 
 include   such   request   registrable   security   in   the   propose   registration;   provide ,   however ,   that   if   moeli   holding   propose   to   file   the 
 registration   statement   before   the   termination   of   the   strategic   alliance ,   the   percentage   of   all   registrable   security   that   may   be   include   in   the 
 propose   registration   may   not   exceed   the   percentage   of   km ’s   total   partnership   interest   to   be   sell   in   the   propose   registration ,   as   state   in   the 
 notice   by   moelis   holding .   the   smbc   unit - holder   may   not   withdraw   any   request   for   a   piggyback   registration   involve   an   underwritten 
 offering   after   the   preliminary   prospectus   for   the   propose   offering   have   be   print ,   or   any   " road   show "   have   begin ,   or   moeli   holding   have 
 make   any   public   announcement   with   the   consent   of   the   smbc   unit - holder   that   assume   the   participation   of   the   smbc   unit - holder   in   the 
 propose   offering ,   or   in   any   event   less   than   24   hour   before   the   pricing   of   such   offering .   the   smbc   unit - holder   shall   have   no   right   to   select   the 
 underwriter   in   an   underwritten   offering   in   connection   with   a   piggyback   registration .   notwithstanding   anything   to   the   contrary   in   this   section 
 13.2 ,   moeli   holding   may ,   at   any   time   at   its   sole   option ,   choose   not   to   proceed   with   the   propose   registration   that   give   rise   to   the   piggyback 
 registration . 

 13.3   reduction   of   size   of   underwritten   offering .   notwithstanding   anything   to   the   contrary   contain   herein ,   if   the   lead   underwriter   or 
 underwriter   in   an   underwritten   offer   pursuant   to   section   13.1   or   section   13.2   advise   moelis   holding   that ,   in   their   good   faith   judgment ,   the 
 number   of   partnership   interest   ( include   any   registrable   security )   that   moeli   holding ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   and   any   other   person   intend 
 to   include   in   any   registration   statement   exceed   the   number   that   can   be   sell   in   the   offering   in   light   of   marketing   factor   or   because   the   sale   of   a 
 great   number   would   adversely   affect   the   price   of   the   partnership   interest   to   be   sell ,   then   the   number   of   partnership   interest   to   be   include   in 
 the   registration   statement   for   the   account   of   moelis   holding ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   and   any   other   person   will   be   reduce   to   the 

 extent   necessary   to   reduce   the   total   number   of   security   to   be   include   in   any   such   registration   statement   to   the   number   recommend   by   the   lead 
 underwriter   or   underwriter ,   in   accordance   with   the   follow   priority : 

 ( a )   in   the   case   of   a   demand   registration   pursuant   to   section   13.1 ,   priority   will   be   ( i )   first ,   all   registrable   security   include   in   the 
 registration   statement ,   ( ii )   second ,   any   partnership   interest   propose   to   be   offer   by   moelis   holding   for   its   own   account   ( iii )   third ,   pro   rata 
 among   any   other   holder   of   partnership   interest   request   to   be   register   pursuant   to   a   contractual   right ,   and   ( iv )   fourth ,   pro   rata   among   any 
 other   holder   of   partnership   interest   request   to   be   registered; 

 ( b )   in   the   case   of   a   registration   statement   initiate   by   moelis   holding   for   its   own   account   that   give   rise   to   a   piggyback 
 registration   pursuant   to   section   13.2 ,   priority   will   be   ( i )   first ,   partnership   interest   propose   to   be   offer   by   moelis   holding   for   its   own   account , 
 ( ii )   second ,   pro   rata   among   all   holder   of   partnership   interest   request   to   be   register   pursuant   to   a   contractual   right   and   ( iii )   third ,   pro   rata 
 among   any   other   holder   of   partnership   interest   request   to   be   registered;   and 

 ( c )   in   the   case   of   a   registration   statement   initiate   by   moelis   holding   for   the   account   of   holder   ( other   than   the   smbc   unit- 
 holder )   of   partnership   interest ,   pursuant   to   registration   right   afford   to   such   holder   by   contract ,   that   give   rise   to   a   piggyback   registration 
 pursuant   to   section   13.2 ,   priority   will   be   ( i )   first ,   pro   rata   among   the   holder   of   partnership   interest   for   whose   account   the   registration   statement 
 be   initiate ,   ( ii )   second ,   partnership   interest   offer   by   moelis   holding   for   its   own   account ,   ( iii )   third ,   pro   rata   among   any   other   holder   of 
 partnership   interest   request   to   be   register   pursuant   to   a   contractual   right   and   ( iv )   fourth ,   pro   rata   among   any   other   holder   of   partnership 
 interest   request   to   be   register . 

 13.4   registration   procedure .   subject   to   the   provision   of   section   13.1   or   section   13.2 ,   in   connection   with   the   registration   of   the   sale   of 
 registrable   security   pursuant   to   the   demand   registration   or   a   piggyback   registration   hereunder ,   moeli   holding   will : 

 ( a )   furnish   to   the   smbc   unit - holder   without   charge ,   no   later   than   the   time   of   filing   of   a   registration   statement ,   copy   of   such 
 registration   statement ,   and   thereafter   such   number   of   copy   of   such   registration   statement ,   each   amendment   and   supplement   thereto   ( in   each 
 case   include   all   exhibit   thereto ,   include   each   preliminary   prospectus ) ,   copy   of   any   and   all   transmittal   letter   or   other   correspondence   with   the 
 sec   relate   to   such   registration   statement   and   such   other   document   in   such   quantity   as   the   smbc   unit - holder   may   reasonably   request   from 
 time   to   time ,   for   as   long   as   moeli   holding   be   require   to   cause   the   registration   statement   to   remain   current ,   in   order   to   facilitate   the   disposition   of 
 the   registrable   securities; 

 ( b )   provide   the   smbc   unit - holder   and   their   representative   with   the   opportunity   to   participate   in   the   preparation   of   the 
 registration   statement   and   the   relate   prospectus; 

 ( c )   use   its   commercially   reasonable   effort   to   register   or   qualify   the   partnership   interest   be   sell   under   such   other   security   or 
 " blue   sky "   law   of   such   jurisdiction   as   the   smbc   unit - holder   reasonably   request   and   do   any   and   all   other   act   and   thing   as   may   be   reasonably 
 necessary   or   advisable   to   enable   the   smbc   unit - holder   to   consummate   the   disposition   of   the   registrable   security   in   such   jurisdictions; 
 provide ,   however ,   that   moeli   holding   shall   in   no   event   be   require   to   ( w )   qualify   generally   to   do   business   in   any   jurisdiction   where   it   be   not 
 then   so   qualified ,   ( x )   subject   itself   to   taxation   in   any   jurisdiction   where   it   be   not   otherwise   then   so   subject ,   ( y )   take   any   action   that   would   subject   it 
 to   service   of   process   in   suit   other   than   those   arise   out   of   the   offer   and   sale   of   the   security   cover   by   the   registration   statement   or   ( z )   consent 
 to   general   service   of   process   in   any   jurisdiction   where   it   be   not   then   so   subject; 

 ( d )   notify   the   smbc   unit - holder   and   the   lead   underwriter   or   underwriter ,   if   any ,   at   any   time   when   a   prospectus   relate   to 
 registrable   security   be   require   to   be   deliver   under   the   security   act ,   of   the   occurrence   of   any   event   as   a   result   of   which   the   registration 
 statement ,   the   prospectus   include   in   a   registration   statement   or   any   amendment   or   supplement   thereto   relate   to   registrable   security   contain 
 an   untrue   statement   of   a   material   fact   or   omit   to   state   any   material   fact   require   to   be   state   therein   or   necessary   to   make   the   statement   therein ,   in 
 the   light   of   the   circumstance   under   which   they   be   make ,   not   misleading ,   and   moeli   holding   will   use   its   commercially   reasonable   effort   to 
 prepare   and   file   with   the   sec   a   supplement   or   amendment   to   such   prospectus   and   registration   statement   ( and   comply   fully   with   the   applicable 
 provision   of   rule   424 ,   430a   and   430b   under   the   security   act   in   a   timely   manner )   so   that ,   as   thereafter   deliver   to   the   purchaser   of   the 
 registrable   security ,   such   prospectus   and   registration   statement   will   not   contain   an   untrue   statement   of   a   material   fact   or   omit   to   state   any 
 material   fact   require   to   be   state   therein   or   necessary   to   make   the   statement   therein ,   in   the   light   of   the   circumstance   under   which   they   be 
 make ,   not   misleading; 

 ( e )   advise   the   lead   underwriter   or   underwriter ,   if   any ,   and   the   smbc   unit - holder   promptly   and ,   if   request   by   such   person , 
 confirm   such   advice   in   writing ,   of   the   issuance   by   the   sec   of   any   stop   order   suspend   the   effectiveness   of   the   registration   statement   under   the 
 security   act   or   of   the   suspension   by   any   state   security   commission   of   the   qualification   of   the   registrable   security   for   offering   or   sale   in   any 
 jurisdiction ,   or   the   initiation   of   any   proceeding   for   any   of   the   precede   purpose .   if   at   any   time   the   sec   issue   any   stop   order   suspend   the 
 effectiveness   of   the   registration   statement ,   or   any   state   security   commission   or   other   regulatory   authority   issue   an   order   suspend   the 
 qualification   or   exemption   from   qualification   of   the   registrable   security   under   state   security   or   " blue   sky "   law ,   moeli   holding   shall   use   its 
 commercially   reasonable   effort   to   obtain   the   withdrawal   or   lifting   of   such   order   as   promptly   as   practicable; 

 ( f )   use   its   commercially   reasonable   effort   to   cause   the   registrable   security   to   be   register   with   or   approve   by   such   other 
 governmental   authority   as   may   be   necessary   by   virtue   of   the   business   and   operation   of   moeli   holding   to   enable   the   smbc   unit - holder   to 
 consummate   the   disposition   of   the   registrable   securities;   provide ,   however ,   that   moeli   holding   shall   in   no   event   be   require   to   ( w )   qualify 

 generally   to   do   business   in   any   jurisdiction   where   it   be   not   then   so   qualified ,   ( x )   subject   itself   to   taxation   in   any   jurisdiction   where   it   be   not   otherwise 
 then   so   subject ,   ( y )   take   any   action   that   would   subject   it   to   service   of   process   in   suit   other   than   those   arise   out   of   the   offer   and   sale   of   the 
 security   cover   by   the   registration   statement   or   ( z )   consent   to   general   service   of   process   in   any   jurisdiction   where   it   be   not   then   so   subject; 

 ( g )   if   request   by   the   smbc   unit - holder   or   the   underwriter   or   underwriter ,   if   any ,   promptly   include   in   any   registration 
 statement   or   prospectus ,   pursuant   to   a   supplement   or   post - effective   amendment   if   necessary ,   such   information   as   the   smbc   unit - holder   and   the 
 underwriter   or   underwriter ,   if   any ,   may   reasonably   request   to   have   include   therein ,   include   information   relate   to   the   " plan   of   distribution "   of 
 the   registrable   security ,   information   about   the   number   of   registrable   security   be   sell   to   the   underwriter   or   underwriter ,   the   purchase   price 
 be   pay   therefor   and   any   other   term   of   the   offering   of   the   registrable   security   to   be   sell   in   such   offering ,   and   make   all   require   filing   of   such 
 prospectus   supplement   or   post - effective   amendment   as   soon   as   practicable   after   moeli   holding   be   notify   of   the   matter   to   be   include   in   such 
 prospectus   supplement   or   post - effective   amendment; 

 ( h )   for   the   period   begin   a   reasonable   time   before   the   filing   of   the   registration   statement   and   for   as   long   as   moeli   holding   be 
 require   to   cause   the   registration   statement   to   remain   current   under   section   13.1(a)(ii ) ,   and   except   to   the   extent   prohibit   by   applicable   law   and 
 subject   to   enter   into   customary   confidentiality   agreement ,   after   reasonable   advance   notice ,   make   available   for   inspection   by   the   smbc   unit- 
 holder ,   any   underwriter   participate   in   any   disposition   of   the   registrable   security ,   and   any   representative   for   the   smbc   unit - holder   or   such 
 underwriter ,   during   business   hour   and   at   the   location   designate   by   moelis   holding ,   any   financial   and   other   record   and   corporate   document   of 
 moeli   holding   as   will   be   reasonably   necessary   to   enable   they   to   conduct   reasonable   and   customary   due   diligence   with   respect   to   moeli 
 holding   and   the   relate   registration   statement   and   prospectus ,   provide ,   however ,   that   record ,   document   and   information   obtain   hereunder 
 will   be   use   by   such   inspect   person   only   to   conduct   such   due   diligence;   and 

 ( i )   together   with   any   other   holder   of   partnership   interest   propose   to   include   security   in   any   underwritten   offering ,   enter   into 
 a   reasonable   and   customary   write   agreement   with   the   underwriter   or   underwriter ,   if   any ,   in   such   form   and   contain   such   provision   as   be 
 reasonable   and   customary   in   the   security   business   for   such   an   arrangement   between   underwriter   and   company   of   moeli   hold ’s   size   and 
 investment   stature . 

 13.5   condition   to   offering .   the   obligation   of   moeli   holding   to   take   the   action   contemplate   by   section   13.1 ,   13.2   and   13.4   with 
 respect   to   an   offering   of   registrable   security   will   be   subject   to   the   follow   condition : 

 ( a )   moeli   holding   may   require   each   smbc   unit - holder   to   furnish   to   moeli   holding   such   information   regard   such   smbc 
 unit - holder ,   the   registrable   security   or   the   distribution   of   such   registrable   security   as   moeli   holding   may   from   time   to   time   request ,   in   each 
 case   to   the   extent   reasonably   require   by   the   security   act 

 and   the   rule   and   regulation   promulgate   thereunder ,   or   under   state   security   or   " blue   sky "   laws;   and 

 ( b )   if   an   offering   of   registrable   security   be   an   underwritten   offering ,   each   smbc   unit - holder   must :   ( a )   agree   to   sell   its 
 registrable   security   on   the   basis   provide   in   any   underwriting   agreement   approve   by   moelis   holding   in   accordance   with   section   13.4(i ) ,   ( b ) 
 complete   and   execute ,   as   applicable ,   all   customary   questionnaire ,   power   of   attorney ,   underwriting   agreement ,   lock - up   agreement   consistent 
 with   section   13.7   and   other   document   customarily   require   under   the   term   of   such   underwriting   agreement   and   ( iii )   agree   to   make   customary 
 representation   and   warranty   ( include   as   to   due   organization   and   good   standing ,   corporate   power   and   authority ,   due   approval ,   no   conflict   and 
 ownership   and   transfer   of   registrable   security ,   and   as   to   accuracy   and   completeness   of   those   statement   make   in   the   applicable   registration 
 statement ,   prospectus   or   other   document   in   reliance   upon   and   in   conformity   with   write   information   furnish   to   moeli   holding   or   the 
 underwriter   or   underwriter   by   such   smbc   unit - holder )   and   covenant   in   such   underwriting   agreement . 

 13.6   suspension   period . 

 ( a )   notwithstanding   anything   to   the   contrary   contain   in   this   agreement ,   moeli   holding   shall   be   entitle ,   by   provide   prior 
 write   notice   to   the   smbc   unit - holder ,   to   postpone   the   filing   or   effectiveness   or   suspend   the   use   of   any   registration   statement   pursuant   to 
 section   13.1   for   a   reasonable   period   of   time   not   to   exceed   60   day   in   succession   or   120   day   in   any   365 - day   period   ( or   a   long   period   of   time   with 
 the   prior   write   consent   of   smbc ,   which   consent   shall   not   be   unreasonably   withhold )   ( a   " suspension   period " )   if   ( a )   moeli   holding   determine 
 in   good   faith   that   effecting   the   registration   ( or   permit   sale   under   an   effective   registration )   would   reasonably   be   expect   to   adversely   affect   an 
 offering   of   security   of   moelis   holding ,   ( b )   moeli   holding   be   in   possession   of   material   non - public   information   and   deem   it   advisable   not   to 
 disclose   such   information   in   a   registration   statement ,   or   ( c )   due   to   a   pende   or   contemplate   financing ,   acquisition ,   disposition ,   corporate 
 reorganization ,   merger ,   public   offering   of   security   or   other   similar   transaction   or   other   material   event   or   circumstance   involve   moeli   holding   or 
 its   security .   moeli   holding   will   notify   the   smbc   unit - holder   promptly   upon   the   termination   of   the   suspension   period .   upon   notice   by   moelis 
 holding   to   the   smbc   unit - holder   of   any   determination   to   commence   a   suspension   period ,   the   smbc   unit - holder   shall ,   except   as   require   by 
 applicable   law ,   include   any   disclosure   obligation   under   section   13   of   the   exchange   act ,   keep   the   fact   of   any   such   suspension   period   strictly 
 confidential ,   and   during   any   suspension   period ,   promptly   halt   any   offer ,   sale   ( include   sale   pursuant   to   rule   144 ) ,   trading   or   transfer   of   any 
 partnership   interest   for   the   duration   of   the   suspension   period   until   moeli   holding   have   provide   notice   that   the   suspension   period   have   be 
 terminate . 

 ( b )   if   moeli   holding   suspend   the   use   of   a   registration   statement   pursuant   to   section   13.6(a ) ,   the   holder   of   registrable 
 security   shall   receive   an   extension   of   the   registration   period   under   section   13.1(a)(ii )   and   13.1(c )   equal   to   the   number   of   day   of   the   suspension . 

 ( c )   the   smbc   unit - holder   agree   that ,   upon   receipt   of   any   notice   from   moeli   holding   of   the   occurrence   of   any   event   of   the 
 kind   describe   in   section   13.4(d )   or   section   13.4(e )   or   a   condition   describe   in   section   13.6(a ) ,   each   smbc   unit - holder   will   forthwith   discontinue 
 disposition   of   registrable   security   pursuant   to   the   registration   statement   cover   the   sale   of   registrable   security   until   the   smbc   unit - holder 
 receive   copy   of   the   supplement   or   amend   prospectus   contemplate   by   section   13.4(d )   or   section   13.6(d )   or   notice   from   moeli   holding   of 
 the   termination   of   the   stop   order   or   suspension   period . 

 ( d )   after   the   expiration   of   any   suspension   period   and   without   any   far   request   from   a   holder   of   partnership   interest ,   moeli 
 holding   shall   use   its   commercially   reasonably   effort   to   prepare   a   registration   statement ,   or   post - effective   amendment   or   supplement   to   the 
 registration   statement   or   prospectus   or   any   document   incorporate   therein   by   reference ,   or   file   any   other   require   document   so   that ,   as   thereafter 
 deliver   to   purchaser   of   the   registrable   security   include   therein ,   the   prospectus   will   not   include   a   material   misstatement   or   omission   or   be   not 
 effective   and   useable   for   the   sale   of   registrable   security . 

 13.7   market   stand - off   agreement . 

 ( a )   in   connection   with   any   underwritten   offering   that   be   the   ipo ,   or   any   underwritten   offering   in   which   the   smbc   unit - holder 
 be   sell   registrable   security   pursuant   to   section   13.1   or   13.2 ,   each   smbc   unit - holder   agree   that ,   during   the   period   of   duration   ( up   to   180 
 day ,   subject   to   customary   extension   as   may   be   require   by   the   underwriter   or   underwriter   up   to   a   maximum   of   214   day )   specify   by   moelis 
 holding   and   the   underwriter   or   underwriter   of   registrable   security ,   follow   the   date   of   the   final   prospectus   or   other   offer   document 
 distribute   in   connection   with   the   underwritten   offering ,   it   shall   not ,   to   the   extent   request   by   moelis   holding   and   such   underwriter   or 
 underwriter ,   directly   or   indirectly ,   sell ,   offer   to   sell ,   contract   to   sell   ( include   any   short   sale   or   other   hedging   transaction ) ,   grant   any   option   to 
 purchase   or   otherwise   transfer   any   registrable   security   hold   by   it   at   any   time   during   such   period   except   for   such   registrable   security   as   shall   be 
 include   in   such   registration .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   the   obligation   describe   in   this   section   13.7(a )   shall   not   apply   ( i )   to   a   registration 
 relate   solely   to   employee   benefit   plan   on   form   s-1   or   form   s-8 ,   ( ii )   to   a   registration   relate   solely   to   an   acquisition   or   similar   transaction   on   form 
 s-4   or   ( iii )   unless   all   holder   then   hold   more   than   3   of   the   issue   and   outstanding   partnership   interest   ( and/or   any   security   of   moelis 
 holding   or   any   successor   entity   into   which   the   partnership   interest   be   convert ,   exchange   or   redesignate )   with   a   contractual   obligation 
 enforceable   by   moelis   holding   or   its   affiliate   to   do   so   and   all   of   the   then - current   executive   officer   and   director   ( if   applicable )   of   moeli 
 holding   enter   into   similar   agreement . 

 ( b )   in   order   to   enforce   the   forego   covenant ,   moeli   holding   may   impose   stop - transfer   instruction   with   respect   to   the 
 registrable   security   of   each   smbc   unit - holder   until   the   end   of   such   period . 

 13.8   registration   expense .   all   fee   and   expense   incident   to   moeli   hold ’s   performance   of   or   compliance   with   the   obligation   of   this 
 article   xiii ,   include   all   fee   and   expense   incur   in   comply   with   security   or   " blue   sky "   law ,   printing   expense ,   messenger   and   delivery 
 expense   of   moelis   holding ,   any   registration   or   filing   fee   payable   under   any   federal   or   state   security   or   " blue   sky "   law ,   the   fee   and   expense 
 incur   in   connection   with   any   listing   or   quote   of   the   security   to   be   register   on   any   national   security   exchange   or   automate   quotation 
 system ,   fee   of   the   financial   industry   regulatory   authority ,   fee   and   disbursement   of   counsel   for   moeli   holding ,   its   independent   register 
 certify   public   accounting   firm   and   any   other   public   accountant   who   be   require   to   deliver   comfort   letter   ( include   the   expense   require   by   or 
 incident   to   such   performance ) ,   fee   of   transfer   agent   and   registrar ,   cost   of   insurance ,   and   the   fee   and   expense   of   other   person   retain   by 
 moelis   holding ,   will   be   bear   by   moelis   holdings;   provide ,   however;   that   the   smbc   unit - holder   shall   pay   all   reasonable   out - of - pocket 
 expense   of   moeli   holding   ( include ,   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   all   the   fee   set   forth   above   in   this   section )   in   connection   with   the   demand 
 registration   subject   to   moeli   holding '   obligation   set   forth   in   section   13.1(a)(i ) .   the   smbc   unit - holder   will   bear   and   pay   any   fee   and 
 expense   of   smbc   or   its   affiliate   or   their   representative ,   include   their   counsel ,   and   any   underwriting   discount ,   fee   and   commission   and   any 
 transfer   taxis   applicable   to   registrable   security   offer   for   its   account   pursuant   to   any   registration   statement . 

 13.9   indemnification;   contribution . 

 ( a )   in   connection   with   any   registration   of   registrable   security ,   moeli   holding   will   indemnify ,   defend   and   hold   harmless   each 
 smbc   unit - holder ,   its   affiliate ,   director ,   officer   and   smbc   unit - holder   and   each   person   who   control   smbc   unit - holder   within   the   meaning 
 of   either   section   15   of   the   security   act   or   section   20   of   the   exchange   act   ( collectively ,   the   " indemnify   person " )   from   and   against   any   and   all 
 direct   loss ,   claim ,   damage ,   liability ,   obligation ,   cost   and   expense   ( include ,   without   limitation ,   as   a   result   of   any   notice ,   action ,   suit , 
 proceeding ,   claim ,   demand ,   assessment ,   judgment ,   award ,   cost ,   penalty ,   taxis   and   reasonable   expense ,   include   reasonable   attorney ' 
 and   other   professional '   fee   and   disbursement ,   but   exclude   any   consequential   damage )   ( collectively   " loss " )   cause   by   ( i )   any   untrue   or 
 allege   untrue   statement   of   material   fact   contain   in   any   part   of   any   registration   statement   or   any   prospectus ,   include   any   amendment   or 
 supplement   thereto ,   use   in   connection   with   the   registrable   security   or   any   issuer   fwp   or   ( ii )   any   omission   or   allege   omission   to   state   therein   a 
 material   fact   require   to   be   state   therein   or   necessary   to   make   the   statement   therein   ( in   the   case   of   a   prospectus ,   in   the   light   of   the   circumstance 
 under   which   they   be   make )   not   misleading;   provide ,   however ,   that   moeli   holding   will   not   be   require   to   indemnify   any   indemnify   person 
 for   any   loss   result   from   any   such   untrue   statement   or   omission   if   such   untrue   statement   or   omission   be   make   in   reliance   on   and   in 
 conformity   with   information   with   respect   to   any   indemnify   person   furnish   to   moeli   holding   in   writing   by ,   or   on   behalf   of ,   any   of   the   smbc 
 unit - holder   expressly   for   use   therein . 

 ( b )   in   connection   with   any   registration   statement ,   prospectus   or   issuer   fwp ,   each   smbc   unit - holder ,   jointly   and   severally ,   will 
 indemnify ,   defend   and 

 hold   harmless   moeli   holding ,   its   director ,   its   officer   and   each   person ,   if   any ,   who   control   moeli   holding   ( within   the   meaning   of   either 
 section   15   of   the   security   act   or   section   20   of   the   exchange   act )   to   the   same   extent   as   the   forego   indemnity   from   moeli   holding   to   each 
 smbc   unit - holder ,   but   only   with   respect   to   information   furnish   to   moeli   holding   in   writing   by ,   or   on   behalf   of ,   any   smbc   unit - holder   or   any 
 indemnify   person   expressly   for   use   in   such   registration   statement ,   prospectus   or   issuer   fwp;   and   provide ,   far ,   however ,   that   in   no   event 
 shall   the   liability   for   indemnity   of   any   smbc   unit - holder   under   this   section   13.9(b )   exceed   the   dollar   amount   of   the   proceed   ( net   of   any 
 underwriting   discount   or   commission   or   other   sell   expense )   receive   by   such   smbc   unit - holder   from   the   sale   of   the   registrable   security 
 give   rise   to   such   indemnification . 

 ( c )   in   case   any   claim ,   action   or   proceeding   ( include   any   governmental   investigation )   be   institute   involve   any   person   in 
 respect   of   which   indemnity   may   be   seek   pursuant   to   section   13.9(a )   or   13.9(b ) ,   such   person   ( the   " indemnify   party " )   will   promptly ,   but   in   any 
 event   within   10   business   day ,   notify   the   person   against   whom   such   indemnity   may   be   seek   ( the   " indemnify   party " )   in   writing ,   and   the 
 indemnify   party   shall   have   the   right   to   participate   in ,   and   to   the   extent   the   indemnify   party   so   desire ,   to   assume   the   defense   thereof   with 
 counsel   reasonably   satisfactory   to   the   indemnify   party;   provide ,   that   the   failure   of   any   indemnify   party   to   give   notice   within   the   time   limit 
 provide   herein   shall   not   relieve   the   indemnify   party   of   its   obligation   under   section   13.9(a )   or   13.9(b ) ,   except   to   the   extent   that   the   indemnify 
 party   be   actually   and   materially   prejudice   by   such   failure   to   give   notice .   in   any   such   claim ,   action   or   proceeding   where   the   indemnify   party   have 
 assume   the   defense   thereof ,   the   indemnify   party   shall   have   the   right ,   but   not   the   obligation ,   to   participate   in   any   such   defense   and   to   retain   its 
 own   counsel ,   but   the   fee   and   expense   of   such   counsel   will   be   at   the   expense   of   such   indemnify   party   unless   the   indemnify   party   and   the 
 indemnify   party   have   be   advise   by   counsel   that   representation   of   both   party   by   the   same   counsel   would   be   inappropriate   due   to   actual   or 
 potential   conflicting   interest   between   they .   it   be   understand   that   the   indemnify   party   will   not ,   in   connection   with   any   claim ,   action   or 
 proceeding   or   relate   claim ,   action   or   proceeding   in   the   same   jurisdiction ,   be   liable   for   the   reasonable   fee   and   expense   of   more   than   one 
 separate   firm   of   attorney   ( in   addition   to   any   local   counsel )   at   any   time   for   all   such   indemnify   party   and   that   all   such   reasonable   fee   and 
 expense   will   be   reimburse   as   they   be   incur .   in   the   case   of   the   retention   of   any   such   separate   firm   for   the   indemnify   party ,   such   firm   will   be 
 designate   in   writing   by   the   indemnify   party .   no   indemnify   party   will ,   without   the   prior   write   consent   of   the   indemnify   party ,   settle , 
 compromise   or   offer   to   settle   or   compromise   any   pende   or   threaten   proceeding   in   respect   of   which   any   indemnify   party   be   seek   indemnity 
 hereunder .   the   indemnify   party   will   not   be   liable   for   any   settlement   of   any   claim ,   action   or   proceeding   effect   without   its   write   consent ,   but   if 
 such   claim ,   action   or   proceeding   be   settle   with   such   consent   or   if   there   have   be   a   final   judgment   for   the   plaintiff ,   the   indemnify   party   agree   to 
 indemnify   the   indemnify   party   from   and   against   any   loss   by   reason   of   such   settlement   or   judgment .   no   indemnify   party   will ,   without   the   prior 
 write   consent   of   the   indemnify   party ,   settle ,   compromise   or   offer   to   settle   or   compromise   any   pende   or   threaten   proceeding   in   respect   of 
 which   any   indemnify   party   be   seek   indemnity   hereunder ,   unless   such   settlement   include   ( i )   an 

 unconditional   release   of   such   indemnify   party   from   all   liability   in   connection   with   such   proceeding ,   ( ii )   no   finding   or   admission   of   any   violation   of 
 law   or   any   violation   of   the   right   of   any   person   by   the   indemnify   party   or   any   of   its   affiliate   can   be   make   as   the   result   of   such   action ,   and   ( iii ) 
 the   sole   relief   ( if   any )   provide   be   monetary   damage   that   be   reimburse   in   full   by   the   indemnify   party . 

 ( d )   if   the   indemnification   provide   for   in   this   section   13.9   from   the   indemnify   party   be   unavailable   to   an   indemnify   party 
 hereunder   or   be   insufficient   in   respect   of   any   loss   refer   to   in   this   section   13.9 ,   then   the   indemnify   party ,   in   lieu   of   indemnify   such 
 indemnify   party ,   will   contribute   to   the   amount   pay   or   payable   by   such   indemnify   party   as   a   result   of   such   loss   ( i )   in   such   proportion   as   be 
 appropriate   to   reflect   the   relative   fault   of   the   indemnify   party   and   indemnify   party   in   connection   with   the   action   that   result   in   such   loss , 
 as   well   as   any   other   relevant   equitable   consideration ,   or   ( ii )   if   the   allocation   provide   by   clause   ( i )   be   not   permit   by   applicable   law ,   in   such 
 proportion   as   be   appropriate   to   reflect   not   only   the   relative   fault   refer   to   in   clause   ( i )   but   also   the   relative   benefit   of   moelis   holding ,   on   the   one 
 hand ,   and   each   smbc   unit - holder ,   on   the   other ,   in   connection   with   the   statement   or   omission   that   result   in   such   loss ,   as   well   as   any   other 
 relevant   equitable   considerations;   provide ,   however ,   that   in   no   event   shall   a   smbc   unit - holder   be   require   by   this   section   13.9(d )   to   contribute 
 an   aggregate   amount   in   excess   of   the   dollar   amount   of   proceed   ( net   of   underwriting   discount   and   commission   and   other   sell   expense ) 
 receive   by   such   smbc   unit - holder   from   the   sale   of   registrable   security   give   rise   to   such   contribution .   the   relative   fault   of   such   indemnify 
 party   and   indemnify   party   will   be   determine   by   reference   to ,   among   other   thing ,   whether   any   action   in   question ,   include   any   untrue   or   allege 
 untrue   statement   of   a   material   fact   or   omission   or   allege   omission   to   state   a   material   fact ,   have   be   take   by ,   or   relate   to   information   supply   by , 
 such   indemnify   party   or   indemnify   party ,   and   the   party '   relative   intent ,   knowledge ,   access   to   information   and   opportunity   to   correct   or 
 prevent   such   action .   the   amount   pay   or   payable   by   a   party   as   a   result   of   the   loss   refer   to   above   will   be   deem   to   include ,   subject   to   the 
 limitation   set   forth   in   section   13.9(c ) ,   any   reasonable   out   of   pocket   legal   or   other   out   of   pocket   fee   or   expense   reasonably   incur   by   such   party 
 in   connection   with   any   investigation   or   proceed . 

 ( e )   the   party   agree   that   it   would   not   be   just   and   equitable   if   contribution   pursuant   to   section   13.9(d )   be   determine   by   pro 
 rata   allocation   or   by   any   other   method   of   allocation   that   do   not   take   into   account   the   equitable   consideration   refer   to   in   section   13.9(d ) .   no 
 person   guilty   of   " fraudulent   misrepresentation "   ( within   the   meaning   of   section   11(f )   of   the   security   act )   will   be   entitle   to   contribution   from   any 
 person   who   be   not   guilty   of   such   fraudulent   misrepresentation .   notwithstanding   the   provision   of   this   section   13.9(e ) ,   a   smbc   unit - holder   shall 
 not   be   require   to   contribute ,   in   the   aggregate ,   any   amount   in   excess   of   the   amount   by   which   the   net   proceed   receive   by   such   smbc   unit - holder 
 from   the   sale   of   the   registrable   security   exceed   the   amount   of   any   damage   which   such   smbc   unit - holder   have   otherwise   be   require   to   pay 
 by   reason   of   such   untrue   or   allege   untrue   statement   or   omission   or   allege   omission . 

 ( f )   if   indemnification   be   available   under   this   section   13.9 ,   the   indemnify   party   will   indemnify   each   indemnify   party   to   the 
 full   extent   permissible   under   applicable   law   provide   in   section   13.9(a )   and   13.9(b )   without   regard   to   the   relative   fault   of   say   indemnify   party 
 or   indemnify   party   or   any   other   equitable   consideration   provide   for   in   section   13.9(d )   or   13.9(e ) .   the   obligation   of   moeli   holding   under   this 
 section   13.9   shall   be   in   addition   to   any   liability   that   moeli   holding   may   otherwise   have   to   any   indemnify   person . 

 ( g )   notwithstanding   anything   to   the   contrary   in   this   agreement ,   each   of   the   indemnify   party   have   rely   on   this   section   13.9 ,   be 
 an   express   third   party   beneficiary   of   this   section   13.9   and   be   entitle   to   enforce   the   obligation   of   the   applicable   indemnify   party   under   this 
 section   13.9   directly   against   such   indemnify   party   to   the   full   extent   thereof . 

 13.10   rule   144 .   for   so   long   as   moeli   holding   be   subject   to   the   requirement   of   section   13 ,   14   or   15(d )   of   the   security   act ,   moeli 
 holding   agree   that   it   will   use   its   reasonable   good   effort   to   ( i )   make   and   keep   public   information   available ,   as   those   term   be   understand   and 
 define   in   rule   144   and   ( ii )   file   the   report   require   to   be   file   by   it   under   the   security   act   and   the   exchange   act . 

 13.11   transfer   of   registration   right .   the   right   to   cause   moeli   holding   to   register   security   grant   to   the   smbc   unit - holder   under 
 this   article   xiii   may   be   assign   by   the   smbc   unit - holder   with   the   consent   of   moelis   holding ,   except   that   the   smbc   unit - holder   may 
 assign   such   right   to   their   wholly - own   subsidiary   without   the   consent   of   moelis   holding . 

 13.12   termination   of   registration   right .   the   registration   right   contain   in   section   13.1   shall   automatically   terminate   when   the   smbc 
 unit - holder   collectively   hold   registrable   security   in   an   amount   less   than   ( i )   1   of   the   issue   and   outstanding   partnership   interest   ( and/or   any 
 security   of   moelis   holding   or   any   successor   entity   into   which   the   partnership   interest   be   convert ,   exchange   or   redesignate )   and   ( ii )   the 
 average   weekly   report   volume   of   trading   in   partnership   interest   ( and/or   any   security   of   moelis   holding   or   any   successor   entity   into   which 
 the   smbc   unit   be   convert ,   exchange   or   redesignate )   on   all   national   security   exchange   and/or   report   through   the   automate   quotation 
 system   of   a   register   security   association   for   the   four   calendar   week   precede   the   date   on   which   such   determination   be   make . 

 article   xiv . 
 representation   and   warranties;   conduct   of   business 

 14.1   representation   and   warranty   of   moelis .   moeli   holding   and   moeli   general   partner   each   represent   and   warrant   to   smbc / nikko 
 that : 

 ( a )   organization .   moeli   general   partner   have   be   duly   form   and   be   validly   exist   as   a   limit   liability   company   under   the 
 delaware   limit   liability 

 company   act .   moeli   holding   have   be   duly   form   and   be   validly   exist   as   a   limit   partnership   under   the   delaware   revise   uniform   limit 
 partnership   act . 

 ( b )   power ,   authority ,   etc .   each   of   moelis   holding   and   moeli   general   partner   have   all   requisite   power   and   authority   to   enter   into 
 this   agreement   and   to   consummate   the   transaction   contemplate   herein .   the   execution ,   delivery   and   performance   of   this   agreement   do   not 
 require   any   further   consent   of   any   third   party   or   governmental   authority .   this   agreement   have   be   duly   authorize ,   execute   and   deliver   by 
 moelis   holding   and   moeli   general   partner   and ,   when   duly   execute   and   deliver   by   the   other   party   hereto ,   will   be   the   valid   and   bind 
 obligation   of   moelis   holding   and   moeli   general   partner ,   enforceable   in   accordance   with   its   term ,   except   ( a )   as   may   be   limit   by   or   subject   to 
 any   bankruptcy ,   insolvency ,   reorganization ,   moratorium   or   other   similar   law   affect   creditor ’   right   generally   and   ( b )   that   the   remedy   of 
 specific   performance ,   injunction   and   other   form   of   equitable   relief   may   not   be   available   because   they   be   subject   to   certain   test   of   equity 
 jurisdiction ,   equitable   defense   and   the   discretion   of   the   court   before   which   any   proceeding   therefor   may   be   bring . 

 ( c )   other .   each   of   the   representation   and   warranty   set   out   in   exhibit   a   of   this   agreement   be   true   and   correct   on   the   date 
 hereof . 

 14.2   representation   and   warranty   of   smbc / nikko .   smbc   and   nikko   each   represent   and   warrant   to   moeli   holding   and   moeli 
 general   partner   that : 

 ( a )   organization .   smbc   and   nikko   have   be   duly   form   and   be   validly   exist   as   corporation   under   the   law   of   japan . 

 ( b )   power ,   authority ,   etc .   smbc   and   nikko   have   all   requisite   power   and   authority   to   enter   into   this   agreement   and   to 
 consummate   the   transaction   contemplate   herein .   the   execution ,   delivery   and   performance   of   this   agreement   by   smbc   and   nikko   do   not 
 require   any   further   consent   of   any   third   party   or   governmental   authority .   this   agreement   have   be   duly   authorize ,   execute   and   deliver   by 
 each   of   smbc   and   nikko   and ,   when   duly   execute   and   deliver   by   the   other   party   hereto ,   will   be   the   valid   and   bind   obligation   of   smbc   and 
 nikko ,   enforceable   in   accordance   with   its   term ,   except   ( a )   as   may   be   limit   by   or   subject   to   any   bankruptcy ,   insolvency ,   reorganization , 
 moratorium   or   other   similar   law   affect   creditor ’   right   generally   and   ( b )   that   the   remedy   of   specific   performance ,   injunction   and   other   form   of 
 equitable   relief   may   not   be   available   because   they   be   subject   to   certain   test   of   equity   jurisdiction ,   equitable   defense   and   the   discretion   of   the 
 court   before   which   any   proceeding   therefor   may   be   bring . 

 14.3   survival   of   covenant ,   representation   and   warranty .   each   of   the   covenant ,   representation   and   warranty   of   the   party   in   this 
 agreement   and   the   subscription   agreement   shall   survive   the   closing   through   and   include   the   date   thirty   ( 30 )   day   follow   the   receipt   by 
 smbc / nikko   of   the   audit   financial   statement   of   moeli   holding   as   of   and   for   the   year   end   december   31 ,   2012 . 

 article   xv . 

 miscellaneous 

 15.1   expenses;   no   partnership   or   joint   venture .   each   party   will   bear   its   own   legal ,   marketing ,   travel   and   other   expense   in   connection   with 
 the   strategic   alliance .   no   party   be   the   partner ,   joint   venture   partner   or   agent   of   any   other   party   with   power   to   bind   any   other   party   contractually . 
 this   agreement   and   the   strategic   alliance   represent   an   agreement   to   cooperate   and   not   a   partnership   or   joint   venture   agreement .   no   party   owe 
 any   other   party   a   fiduciary   duty   by   virtue   of   this   agreement   or   the   operation   of   the   strategic   alliance . 

 15.2   notice .   notice   under   this   agreement   must   be   in   writing   and   may   be   deliver   by   mail ,   overnight   delivery   service   or   email   as   follow : 

 if   to   smbc : 

 2 - 3 ,   otemachi   1 - chome 
 chiyoda - ku ,   tokyo   100 - 0004 
 attention :   toshihiro   horiuchi ,   senior   vice   president ,   security 
 business   planning   dept . ,   planning   dept . ,   investment   banking   unit . 
 email   address :   horiuchi_toshihirock.smbc.co.jp 

 if   to   nikko : 

 shin - marunouchi   building   18f , 
 5 - 1 ,   marunouchi   1 - chome , 
 chiyoda - ku ,   tokyo   100 - 6518 
 attention :   masami   hagiwara ,   head   of   merger   &   acquisition 
 administration 
 email   address :   hagiwara_masamismbcnikko.co.jp 

 if   to   moeli   holding : 

 moelis   &   company   holding   lp 
 399   park   avenue ,   5th   floor 
 new   york ,   ny   10022 
 attention :   kate   pilcher   ciafone ,   senior   vice   president 
 email   address :   kate.ciafonemoelis.com ,   with   a   copy   to : 
 attention :   osamu   watanabe ,   general   counsel 
 email   address :   osamu.watanabemoelis.com 

 15.3   entire   agreement;   amendment;   waivers;   counterpart .   this   agreement   and   the   subscription   agreement   ( as   modify   by   any   letter 
 agreement   between   the   party   enter   into   on   the   date   hereof ) ,   incorporate   the   entire   understanding   of   the   party   and   supersede   all   previous 
 agreement   with   respect   to   the   subject   matter   hereof .   no 

 amendment   or   modification   of   this   agreement   shall   be   effective   unless   it   be   make   in   writing   and   sign   by   each   of   the   party .   no   waiver ,   express 
 or   imply ,   by   any   party   of   a   breach   by   another   party   of   this   agreement ,   or   of   any   term   and   provision   of   this   agreement ,   shall   constitute   a   waiver 
 of   any   subsequent   such   breach   or   of   future   enforcement   of   any   such   term   or   provision .   this   agreement   may   be   execute   in   three   or   more 
 counterpart ,   each   of   which   shall   be   deem   an   original ,   but   all   of   which   shall   constitute   one   and   the   same   agreement . 

 15.4   no   assignment .   this   agreement   may   not   be   assign   by   any   party   without   the   write   consent   of   the   other   party ,   except   to   a 
 subsidiary   or   control   affiliate   of   such   party   which   succeed   such   party ’s   conduct   of   cover   business . 

 15.5   obligation   and   responsibility   of   smbc / nikko .   smbc   and   nikko   shall   be   severally   and   not   jointly   responsible   for   any   obligation   or 
 responsibility   incur   or   assume   by   smb   c / nikko   hereunder . 

 15.6   separability .   in   case   one   or   more   of   the   provision   contain   in   this   agreement   be   for   any   reason   hold   to   be   invalid ,   illegal   or 
 unenforceable   in   any   respect   under   any   such   law   or   regulation ,   the   invalidity ,   illegality ,   or   unenforceability   will   not   affect   any   other   provision   of 
 this   agreement ,   which   will   be   construe   as   if   contain   in   this   agreement ,   and   each   illegal ,   invalid   or   unenforceable   provision   will   be   construe   as 
 broadly   as   may   be   possible   so   that   the   original   intent   of   the   party   be   give   effect   to   the   great   extent   possible . 

 15.7   compliance   with   law .   each   of   the   party   shall   execute   and   perform   this   agreement   in   compliance   with   all   applicable   law   or 
 regulation .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   a   party   shall   not   be   obligate   to   take   any   action   that   violate ,   infringe   or   conflict   with   or   prohibit 
 from   take   any   action   require   to   be   in   compliance   with   any   applicable   law   or   regulation . 

 15.8   govern   laws;   jurisdiction .   this   agreement   shall   be   govern   by ,   and   construe   in   accordance   with ,   the   law   of   the   state   of   new 
 york   without   regard   to   principle   of   conflict   of   law .   the   party   irrevocably   and   unconditionally   submit   to   the   exclusive   jurisdiction   of   any   state   or 
 federal   court   sit   in   manhattan ,   new   york   over   any   suit ,   action   or   proceed   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   this   agreement .   the   party   hereby 
 agree   that   service   of   any   process ,   summon ,   notice   or   document   by   u.s .   register   mail   address   to   such   party   at   the   address   above   shall   be 
 effective   service   of   process   for   any   action ,   suit   or   proceeding   bring   in   any   such   court .   the   party   irrevocably   and   unconditionally   waive   any 
 objection   to   the   laying   of   venue   of   any   such   suit ,   action   or   proceeding   bring   in   any   such   court   and   any   claim   that   any   such   suit ,   action   or 
 proceeding   bring   in   such   a   court   have   be   bring   in   an   inconvenient   forum .   each   party   waif   any   right   to   trial   by   jury   with   respect   to   any 
 proceeding   arise   out   of   this   agreement .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   any   matter   relate   to   the   smbc   unit - holder '   right   or   obligation   as 
 limited   partner   of   moeli   holding   shall   be   subject   to   section   10.4   and   10.10   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement   and   not   to   this   section   15.8 . 

 15.9   effect   on   prior   agreement .   commencing   as   of   the   effective   date ,   the   right   and   obligation   of   the   party   shall   be   determine   pursuant 
 to   this   agreement   and   the   prior   agreement   shall   be   of   no   far   effect;   provide ,   that ,   any   fee   and   expense   due   to   a   party   outstanding 
 thereunder   shall   be   deem   to   be   outstanding   under   this   agreement . 

 15.10   good   faith   discussion;   further   assurance .   should   there   be   any   dispute   or   disagreement   with   respect   to   any   matter   not   set   forth   in 
 this   agreement ,   the   party   will   discuss   in   good   faith   to   resolve   such   dispute   or   disagreement .   each   party   shall   use   its   reasonable   effort   to 
 cooperate   with   the   other   party   if   necessary   for   compliance   with   law   and   regulation   applicable   to   such   other   party   in   relation   to   the   smbc   unit- 
 holder '   holding   of   smbc   unit   or   transaction   or   matter   contemplate   under   the   subscription   agreement ,   the   side   letter ,   this   agreement   and 
 the   moelis   holding   agreement . 

 [ signature   page   follow ] 

 in   witness   whereof ,   the   party   have   cause   this   agreement   to   be   execute   and   deliver   on   the   date   first   write   above . 

 sumitomo   mitsui   banking   corporation 

 by : 

 name :   takeshi   kunibe 

 title :   president 

 smbc   nikko   security   inc . 

 by : 

 name :   eiji   watanabe 

 title :   president   &   ceo 

 moeli   &   company   holding   lp 

 by :   moelis   &   company   holding   gp   llc 

 its :   general   partner 

 by : 

 name :   kenneth   d.   moelis 

 title :   chief   executive   officer 

 moeli   &   company   holding   gp   llc 

 by : 

 name :   kenneth   d.   moelis 

 title :   chief   executive   officer 

 [ signature   page   to   the   strategic   alliance   agreement ] 

 exhibit   a 

 representation   and   warranty   of   the   moeli   entity 

 in   addition   to   the   representation   and   warranty   set   forth   in   the   subscription   agreement ,   and   except   as   specifically   set   forth   in   the   disclosure 
 schedule   deliver   to   smbc / nikko   simultaneously   with   the   execution   hereof   ( the   " moeli   disclosure   schedule " ) ,   moeli   holding   and   moeli 
 general   partner   represent   and   warrant   to   smbc / nikko   that : 

 ( a )   organization   and   authority .   each   of   the   moeli   entity   have   all   requisite   corporate   or   other   entity   power   and   authority   to   own 
 or   lease   all   of   its   property   and   asset   and   to   carry   on   its   business   as   it   be   now   be   conduct   and   be   duly   license   or   qualify   to   do   business   in 
 each   jurisdiction   in   which   the   nature   of   the   business   conduct   by   it   or   the   character   or   location   of   the   property   and   asset   own   or   lease   by   it 
 make   such   licensing   or   qualification   necessary ,   other   than   any   failure   to   be   so   license   or   qualify   that   would   not   reasonably   be   expect   to   have 
 a   material   adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a   whole . 

 ( b )   moeli   holding   agreement .   the   moelis   holding   agreement   have   be   duly   authorize ,   execute   and   deliver   by   moelis 
 general   partner   and   be   a   valid   and   legally   bind   agreement   of   moeli   general   partner ,   enforceable   against   it   in   accordance   with   its   term ,   except   ( i ) 
 as   the   enforceability   thereof   may   be   limit   by   bankruptcy ,   insolvency ,   reorganization   or   other   similar   applicable   law   affect   the   enforcement   of 
 creditor ’   right   generally   and   ( ii )   that   the   remedy   of   specific   performance ,   injunction   and   other   form   of   equitable   relief   may   not   be   available 
 because   they   be   subject   to   certain   test   of   equity   jurisdiction ,   equitable   defense   and   the   discretion   of   the   court   before   which   any   proceeding 
 therefor   may   be   bring .   the   moelis   holding   agreement   attach   as   tab   5   of   the   subscription   agreement   be   a   true ,   correct   and   complete   copy   of 
 the   moelis   holding   agreement   as   currently   in   effect . 

 ( c )   affiliate .   each   control   affiliate   of   moelis   holding   be   duly   organize ,   validly   exist   and   in   good   standing   under   the   law 
 of   the   jurisdiction   of   its   incorporation   or   formation   and   have   all   requisite   corporate   or   other   entity   power   and   authority   to   own   or   lease   all   of   its 
 property   and   asset   and   to   carry   on   its   business   as   it   be   now   be   conduct   and   be   duly   license   or   qualify   to   do   business   in   each   jurisdiction 
 in   which   the   nature   of   the   business   conduct   by   it   or   the   character   or   location   of   the   property   and   asset   own   or   lease   by   it   make   such 
 licensing   or   qualification   necessary ,   other   than   any   failure   to   be   in   good   standing   or   to   be   so   license   or   qualify   that   would   not   reasonably   be 
 expect   to   have   a   material   adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a   whole .   all   the   issue   and   outstanding 
 share   of   capital   stock   or   other   partnership ,   equity   or   ownership   interest   of   such   control   affiliate   have   be   duly   authorize   and   validly 
 issue ,   be   fully   pay   and   nonassessable   with   no   personal   liability   attach   to   the   ownership   thereof   ( except   as   provide   for   in   the   governing 
 document   of   such   control   affiliate ) ,   have   be   issue   in   compliance   with   all   applicable   security   law ,   and   be   not   issue   in   violation   of   any 
 preemptive   right   or   other   right   to   subscribe   for   or   purchase   security .   except   as   set 

 forth   in   the   moeli   disclosure   schedule ,   moeli   holding   own ,   directly   or   indirectly ,   all   of   the   issue   and   outstanding   equity   interest   of   each   of 
 its   control   affiliate ,   free   and   clear   of   all   lien   or   encumbrance . 

 ( d )   capitalization .   ( 1 )   the   moelis   disclosure   schedule   set   forth   a   true   and   complete   list   of   the   number ,   class   and   series   of   each 
 issue   and   outstanding   class   and   series   of   partnership   interest   as   of   the   date   of   this   agreement .   ( 2 )   all   of   the   issue   and   outstanding   partnership 
 interest   have   be   duly   authorize   and   validly   issue   and   be   fully   pay   and   nonassessable ,   and   have   be   issue   in   compliance   with   all 
 applicable   security   law ,   and   be   not   issue   in   violation   of   any   preemptive   right   or   other   right   to   subscribe   for   or   purchase   security .   ( 3 ) 
 except   with   respect   to   employee   of   moeli   holding   or   its   control   affiliate   and   except   as   set   forth   in   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   none   of 
 moeli   holding   or   any   of   its   control   affiliate   have   or   be   bind   by   any   outstanding   subscription ,   option ,   warrant ,   call ,   commitment   or 
 agreement   of   any   character   call   for   the   purchase   or   issuance   of ,   or   security   or   option ,   warrant   or   right   convertible   or   exercisable   into   or 
 exchangeable   for ,   any   partnership   interest   or   other   equity   or   synthetic   ownership   interest   of   moelis   holding   or   any   control   affiliate ,   or   any 
 security   represent   or   contractual   right   grant   the   right   ( i )   to   purchase   or   otherwise   receive   any   equity   interest   in   moeli   holding   or   any 
 control   affiliate   ( include   any   right   plan   or   agreement )   or   ( ii )   to   receive   any   periodic   or   other   distribution   on   net   income   or   net   loss   or   upon   the 
 liquidation   and   winding   up   of   moelis   holding   or   any   control   affiliate .   ( 4 )   ( a )   except   as   set   forth   in   the   moeli   disclosure   schedule ,   as   of   the 
 date   of   this   agreement ,   there   be   no ,   write   or   oral ,   side   letter ,   contract ,   memorandum   of   understanding   and   any   other   agreement   enter   into 
 between   any   of   moeli   entity   on   one   hand   and   any   limit   partner   of   moelis   holding   on   the   other   hand   in   respect   to   of   the   issuance   or   hold 
 of   any   class   or   type   of   interest   in   moeli   holding ,   regardless   of   whether   such   side   letter ,   write   contract ,   memorandum   of   understanding   and   any 
 other   agreement   be   enter   into   by   such   limit   partner   in   its   capacity   as   such ,   except   for   any   vest   agreement ,   employment   agreement ,   offer 
 letter   or   similar   agreement   enter   into   between   the   moeli   entity   and   employee   of   moeli   holding   or   its   control   affiliates;   and   ( b )   as   of   the 
 date   of   this   agreement ,   no   preferential   voting   or   economic   right   grant   to   any   limit   partner   of   moelis   holding   pursuant   to   any   representation 
 ( d )   transaction   agreement   ( as   define   in   the   moeli   disclosure   schedule )   would   reasonably   be   expect   to   significantly   and   adversely   affect   any 
 voting   or   economic   right   of   the   smbc   unit - holder   under   the   moelis   holding   agreement ,   the   subscription   agreement ,   the   side   letter   or   this 
 agreement   ( as   applicable ) ,   other   than   as   a   result   of   dilution   in   accordance   with   the   moelis   holding   agreement   from   the   issuance   of   additional 
 management   unit   pursuant   to   such   representation   ( d )   transaction   agreement .   ( 5 )   the   moelis   disclosure   schedule   set   forth   a   schedule   of 
 smbc ’s   pro   forma   ownership   of   moelis   holding ,   as   of   the   date   of   this   agreement ,   after   give   effect   to   the   transaction   contemplate   by   the 
 subscription   agreement   and   the   methodology   for   calculate   such   pro   forma   ownership   as   describe   in   such   schedule . 

 ( e )   partnership   interest .   the   issuance   of   partnership   interest   to   smbc   pursuant   to   the   subscription   agreement   have   be   duly 
 authorize   by   all   necessary   action   on   the   part   of   moelis   holding .   when   issue ,   deliver   and   sell   against   receipt   of 

 a-2 

 the   consideration   therefor   as   provide   in   the   subscription   agreement ,   such   partnership   interest   will   be   validly   issue ,   fully   pay   and 
 nonassessable   and   without   any   personal   liability   attach   to   the   ownership   thereof   ( except   as   provide   for   in   the   moelis   holding   agreement ) , 
 will   not   be   issue   in   violation   of   or   subject   to   preemptive   right   of   any   other   unitholder   of   moelis   holding   and   will   not   result   in   the   violation   or 
 trigger   of   any   price - base   antidilution   adjustment   under   any   agreement   to   which   moeli   holding   be   a   party .   the   issuance   of   partnership 
 interest   to   smbc   qualifie   as   an   issuance   of   " additional   unit "   to   a   " strategic   investor "   under   section   3.4.1   of   the   moelis   holding   agreement 
 for   which   exist   common   partner   will   not   have   the   right   of   first   refusal   as   provide   therein . 

 ( f )   no   conflict .   neither   the   execution   and   delivery   by   the   moeli   entity   of   the   strategic   alliance   agreement   or   the 
 subscription   agreement ,   nor   the   consummation   of   the   transaction   contemplate   thereby ,   nor   compliance   by   the   moeli   entity   with   any   of   the 
 provision   thereof ,   will   violate   any   applicable   law   or   regulation   or   violate ,   conflict   with ,   or   result   in   a   breach   of   any   provision   of ,   or   constitute   a 
 default   ( or   an   event   which ,   with   notice   or   lapse   of   time   or   both ,   would   constitute   a   default )   under ,   or   result   in   the   termination   of ,   or   result   in   the   loss 
 of   any   benefit   or   creation   of   any   right   on   the   part   of   any   third   party   under ,   or   accelerate   the   performance   require   by ,   or   result   in   a   right   of 
 termination   or   acceleration   of ,   or   result   in   the   creation   of   any   lien   or   encumbrance   upon   any   of   the   material   property   or   asset   of   any   of   the   moelis 
 entity   or   any   of   their   control   affiliate   under   any   of   the   term ,   condition   or   provision   of   ( i )   their   respective   organizational   document   or   ( ii ) 
 any   note ,   bond ,   mortgage ,   indenture ,   deed   of   trust ,   license ,   lease ,   agreement   or   other   instrument   or   obligation   to   which   any   of   the   moeli   entity   or 
 any   of   their   control   affiliate   be   a   party   or   by   which   it   may   be   bind ,   or   to   which   any   of   the   moeli   entity   or   any   of   their   control   affiliate   or 
 any   of   the   property   or   asset   of   any   of   the   moeli   entity   or   any   of   their   control   affiliate   may   be   subject ,   except   as   would   not   reasonably   be 
 expect   to   have   a   material   adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a   whole . 

 ( g )   consent .   no   consent   or   approval   of   or   prior   filing   or   registration   with   any   governmental   authority   or   with   any   third 
 party   be   necessary   in   connection   with   the   execution   and   delivery   by   the   moeli   entity   of   the   strategic   alliance   agreement ,   the   subscription 
 agreement   or   the   side   letter ,   or   the   consummation   of   the   transaction   contemplate   thereby . 

 ( h )   financial   statement .   the   moeli   entity   have   previously   make   available   to   smbc / nikko   true   and   correct   copy   of   ( i )   the 
 consolidate   balance   sheet   of   moeli   holding   as   of   december   31   for   the   fiscal   year   2007   through   2010 ,   inclusive ,   and   the   relate   consolidated 
 statement   of   income ,   change   in   total   capital   and   of   cash   flow   for   the   fiscal   year   then   end ,   in   each   case   accompany   by   the   audit   report   of 
 deloitte   and   touche   llp ,   independent   public   accountant   with   respect   to   moeli   holding   and   ( ii )   the   september   30 ,   2011   unaudited   consolidated 
 balance   sheet   of   moelis   holding   and   the   relate   unaudited   consolidated   statement   of   income ,   change   in   total   capital   and   of   cash   flow   for   the 
 nine - month   period   then   end   ( include   the   relate   note ,   where   applicable )   ( each   of   the   above ,   the   " financial   statement " ) .   the   financial 
 statement   have   be   prepare   from ,   be   in   accordance   with   and   accurately   reflect   in   all 

 a-3 

 material   respect ,   the   book   and   record   of   moelis   holding   and   its   control   affiliate ,   have   be   prepare   in   all   material   respect   in   accordance 
 with   united   state   generally   accept   accounting   principle   apply   on   a   consistent   basis   during   the   period   involve   ( except   as   may   be   state   in 
 the   note   thereto ) ,   be   true   and   complete   and   fairly   present   in   all   material   respect   the   consolidated   financial   position   and   the   consolidate   result 
 of   operation   and   cash   flow   ( and   change   in   financial   position ,   if   any )   of   moelis   holding   and   its   control   affiliate   as   of   the   time   and   for   the 
 period   refer   to   therein   ( subject ,   in   the   case   of   unaudited   statement ,   to   normally   recur   year - end   audit   adjustment   which   be   not   material 
 either   individually   or   in   the   aggregate ) . 

 ( i )   business   plan .   all   estimate   and   pro   forma   financial   information   contain   in   the   business   plan   include   in   the   moelis 
 disclosure   schedule ,   as   of   the   date   of   the   business   plan   be   prepare   in   good   faith   by   the   moeli   entity . 

 ( j )   property   and   lease .   moeli   holding   and   its   control   affiliate   have   good   and   marketable   title   to   all   material   property 
 and   asset ,   real   and   personal ,   tangible   or   intangible ,   own   by   they ,   in   each   case   free   from   lien   or   encumbrance   that   would   materially   affect   the 
 value   thereof   or   interfere   with   the   use   make   or   to   be   make   thereof   by   they   in   any   material   respect .   moeli   holding   and   its   control   affiliate   own 
 or   lease   all   material   property   as   be   necessary   to   their   operation   as   now   conduct . 

 ( k )   taxis .   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   have   file ,   or   join   in   the   filing   of ,   all   material   tax   return   require   to 
 be   file   by   or   with   respect   to   they   prior   to   the   date   of   this   agreement ,   and   to   the   good   knowledge   of   the   moeli   entity   all   such   tax   return   be   true , 
 accurate   and   complete   in   all   material   respect   and   all   material   amount   of   taxis   show   to   be   due   in   such   tax   return   have   be   pay ,   collect   or 
 withhold ,   as   the   case   may   be .   with   respect   to   any   complete   taxable   period   for   which   such   tax   return   have   not   yet   be   file ,   or   for   which   taxis   be 
 not   yet   due   or   owe ,   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   have   make   due   and   sufficient   current   accrual   for   any   such   taxis   on   their 
 respective   balance   sheet   in   accordance   with   united   state   generally   accept   accounting   principle .   to   the   good   knowledge   of   the   moeli   entity , 
 there   be   no   material   claim   or   assessment   pende   against   the   moeli   entity   or   their   control   affiliate   for   any   allege   deficiency   in   any   tax , 
 and   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   have   not   be   notify   of   any   material   propose   tax   claim   or   assessment   against   the   moelis 
 entity   or   their   control   affiliate . 

 ( l )   no   undisclosed   liability .   as   of   the   date   of   this   agreement ,   neither   moeli   holding   nor   any   of   its   control   affiliate   have 
 any   liability   or   obligation   of   any   nature   ( absolute ,   accrue ,   contingent   or   otherwise )   except   for   ( i )   liability   or   obligation   disclose   in   the 
 financial   statement   and   current   liability   that   have   arise   since   the   date   thereof   in   the   ordinary   and   usual   course   of   business   and   consistent   with 
 past   practice ,   ( ii )   liability   or   obligation   arise   under   contract   enter   into   by   moelis   holding   and/or   its   control   affiliate   prior   to   the   date 
 hereof ,   or   ( iii )   liability   or   obligation   that   would   not   reasonably   be   expect   to   have   a   material   adverse   effect   on   moelis   holding   and   its 
 control   affiliate ,   take   as   a   whole . 

 a-4 

 ( m )   employment   agreement .   each   manage   director   of   moelis   holding   or   any   of   its   control   affiliate ,   as   applicable ,   have 
 enter   into   either   an   offer   letter ,   agreement   or   term   sheet   set   forth   the   term   of   such   manage   director ’s   employment   and   vest   of 
 management   unit   grant   to   such   manage   director   in   connection   with   his   or   her   employment .   the   form   of   vest   agreement   for   the 
 management   unit   provide   by   moelis   holding   to   smbc / nikko ,   take   as   a   whole ,   be   representative   of   the   vest   agreement   enter   into   by 
 moelis   holding   or   each   control   affiliate ,   as   applicable ,   with   respect   to   the   grant   of   management   unit;   except   for   difference   that   would   not 
 reasonably   be   expect   to   have   a   material   adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a   whole ,   or   the   smbc   unit- 
 holder '   partnership   interest . 

 ( n )   litigation .   none   of   the   moeli   entity   or   any   of   their   control   affiliate   be   a   party   to   any ,   and   there   be   no   pende   or ,   to   the 
 moelis   entity '   knowledge ,   threaten ,   material   legal ,   administrative ,   arbitral   or   other   proceeding ,   claim ,   action   or   governmental   or   regulatory 
 investigation   ( i )   of   any   nature   against   the   moeli   entity   or   any   control   affiliate   except   as   would   not   reasonably   be   expect   to   have   a   material 
 adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a   whole ,   or   ( ii )   challenge   the   validity   or   propriety   of   the   transaction 
 contemplate   by   the   subscription   agreement .   there   be   no   material   injunction ,   order ,   judgment ,   decree   or   regulatory   restriction   impose   upon   the 
 moeli   entity ,   any   control   affiliate   or   any   of   their   asset ,   except   for   regulatory   restriction   of   general   application . 

 ( o )   compliance   with   law .   each   of   the   moeli   entity   and   each   of   their   control   affiliate   have   all   permit ,   license ,   franchise , 
 authorization ,   order   and   approval   of ,   and   have   make   all   filing ,   application   and   registration   with ,   all   governmental   authority   that   be   require 
 in   order   to   permit   they   to   own   or   lease   their   property   and   asset   and   to   carry   on   their   business   as   they   be   now   be   conduct   other   than   any 
 failure   that   would   not   reasonably   be   expect   to   have   a   material   adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a 
 whole .   except   as   would   not   be   reasonably   expect   to   have   a   material   adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a 
 whole ,   each   of   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   have   comply   with ,   and   be   not   in   default   or   violation   of ,   and   none   of   they   be   give 
 notice   of   any   violation   or   threat   of   violation   of ,   to   the   knowledge   of   the   moeli   entity ,   under   investigation   with   respect   to   or ,   to   the   knowledge   of 
 the   moeli   entity ,   have   be   threaten   to   be   charge   with ,   any   applicable   law ,   statute ,   ordinance ,   license ,   rule ,   regulation ,   policy   or   guideline , 
 order ,   demand ,   writ ,   injunction ,   decree   or   judgment   of   any   governmental   authority .   except   as   would   not   be   reasonably   expect   to   have   a   material 
 adverse   effect   on   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate ,   take   as   a   whole ,   and   except   for   statutory   or   regulatory   restriction   of   general 
 application ,   no   governmental   authority   have   place   any   restriction   on   the   business   or   property   of   the   moeli   entity   or   any   of   their   control 
 affiliate . 

 ( p )   risk   management .   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   have   in   place   risk   management   policy   and   procedure , 
 of   the   type   and   in   the   form   that   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   believe ,   in   good   faith ,   be   sufficient   in   scope   and   operation   to 
 protect   against   risk   of   the   type   and   in   the   form 

 a-5 

 expect   to   be   use   by   person   of   similar   size   and   in   similar   line   of   business   as   such   moeli   entity   or   control   affiliate . 

 ( q )   insurance .   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   maintain   insurance   underwrite   by   insurer   of   recognize 
 financial   responsibility ,   of   the   type   and   in   the   amount   that   the   moeli   entity   and   their   control   affiliate   believe ,   in   good   faith ,   be   adequate 
 for   their   respective   business ,   all   of   which   insurance   be   in   full   force   and   effect . 

 ( r )   permanent   disability .   to   the   knowledge   of   the   moeli   entity ,   ( i )   km   have   not   ( a )   suffer   and   be   not   currently   suffer   any 
 physical   or   mental   incapacity   or   disability ,   total   or   partial ,   that   would   constitute   or   would   reasonably   be   expect   to   result   in   a   key   man   event   ( as 
 such   term   be   define   in   the   moelis   holding   agreement )   or   ( b )   be   absent   from   work   for   three   or   more   consecutive   month   at   any   time   since   the 
 inception   of   the   moeli   entity   and   ( ii )   no   other   circumstance   or   condition   exist   that   would   constitute   or   would   reasonably   be   expect   to   result   in 
 a   key   man   event .   since   the   inception   of   the   moeli   entity ,   no   key   man   event   have   occur . 

 ( s )   affiliate   party   transaction .   except   as   set   forth   in   the   moeli   disclosure   schedule   and   except   for   agreement   relate   to 
 employment ,   ( i )   any   material   transaction   between   any   of   the   moeli   entity ,   on   the   one   hand   and   the   management   partner   of   any   of   the   moelis 
 entity   or   any   of   their   affiliate   ( other   than   any   of   the   moeli   entity   and   any   control   affiliate ) ,   on   the   other   hand   be   on   term   and   condition   as 
 favorable   to   each   of   the   moeli   entity   as   would   have   be   obtainable   by   it   in   a   comparable   arm’s - length   transaction   with   an   unrelated   third   party . 

 ( t )   no   guarantee   of   performance .   none   of   the   moeli   entity   or   any   of   their   control   affiliate   have   guarantee   the   future 
 performance   or   result   of ,   or   be   liable   in   connection   with ,   on   behalf   of ,   or   for ,   any   obligation   of   ( i )   any   pool   investment   vehicle ,   open - end 
 investment   company ,   closed - end   investment   company ,   unit   investment   trust   or   business   development   company   or   other   private   or   public   fund 
 ( except ,   general   partner   liability   to   the   extent   impose   by   applicable   law )   or   ( ii )   any   person   to   which   any   of   the   moeli   entity   or   any   of   their 
 control   affiliate   provide   investment   management   or   investment   advisory   service ,   include   any   sub - advisory   service ,   pursuant   to   an 
 investment   advisory   contract . 

 ( u )   effect   of   agreement .   none   of   this   agreement ,   the   subscription   agreement   or   any   other   agreement   enter   into   in   connection 
 therewith   be   subject   to   the   disclosure   right   under ,   or   grant   other   limited   partner   right   pursuant   to ,   section   10.19   of   the   moelis   holding 
 agreement . 

 a-6