exhibit 10.1 
 [ ] text omit for confidential treatment . the redacted information have be exclude because it be both ( i ) not material and ( ii ) would be 
 competitively harmful if publicly disclose . 
 global master supply agreement 
 this global master supply agreement ( " agreement " or " contract " ) be between exxonmobil chemical company , a division of exxon mobil 
 corporation ( " seller"),on behalf of itself and in the interest of the exxonmobil affiliate list on attachment b ( each an " exxonmobil selling 
 affiliate " or " emcc / a " or collectively , " exxonmobil selling affiliate " ) , and west pharmaceutical service , inc . ( " buyer " ) , on behalf of itself and 
 the buyer affiliate list on attachment c ( each a " buyer affiliate " or " west / a " or collectively , " buyer affiliate " ) . 
 product , quantity , price 
 in accordance with the provision of this agreement , exxonmobil selling affiliate agree to sell to buyer affiliate , and buyer affiliate agree to 
 purchase from exxonmobil selling affiliate , the follow product(s ) ( collectively , " product " ): 
 product 
 quantity [ metric ton / year ] 
 container 
 package 
 year 

 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 minimum 
 maximum 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 lease metal crate 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 lease metal crate 
 [ ] 
 not define 
 lease metal crate 
 subject to this agreement 's term and condition , buyer affiliate shall purchase and exxonmobil selling affiliate shall sell the yearly minimum 
 amount of product amount ( in the aggregate ) list above . buyer or buyer affiliate may request to purchase amount over the product maximum 
 amount per year , however , it shall be solely within seller or any exxonmobil sell affiliate ’s discretion whether and under which condition to 
 accommodate buyer 's request . 
 buyer affiliate shall issue a purchase order(s ) , or call off order(s ) when purchase product from exxonmobil selling affiliate in write pursuant 
 to this contract ( " purchase order " ) . such purchase order(s ) shall specify ( a ) the quantity of product , and ( b ) general date of delivery . all purchase 
 order agree to be fill by an exxonmobil selling affiliate shall be deem to be a separate agreement between the relevant exxonmobil sell 
 affiliate and the relevant buyer affiliate , incorporate the term of this contract . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the attachment 
 exxonmobil and the exxonmobil selling affiliate shall not unreasonably reject any purchase order that otherwise comply with the term of this 
 agreement . 
 purchase order(s ) , order acknowledgement and similar form document evidence the purchase or sale of product , include any term and 
 condition contain or reference therein , shall not supersede , add to or amend in any way this contract . in the event of any conflict between the 
 term of this contract and the term of any purchase order , order acknowledgement or similar document the term of this contract shall prevail . 
 [ ] 
 pricing 
 for calendar year 2019 , 2020 , 2021 , 2022 and 2023 , the price of product sell by seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate to buyer / buyer affiliate will 
 comprise the base price , the crude adjustment and the freight cost depend on incoterm . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 base price 
 request delivery date 
 1.1.2019 - 28.2.2019 : 
 all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 1.3.2019 - 31.12.2019 : 
 all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 1.1.2020 - 31.12.2020 : 
 all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 1.1.2021 - 31.12.2021 : 
 all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 1.1.2022 - 31.12.2022 : 
 all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 1.1.2023 - 31.12.2023 : 
 all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] : [ ] /t 
 [ ] 
 base price list above be non - deliver pricing ( i.e. , ex - work designate exxon affiliate location ( see attachment b ) - incoterm 2010 
 ( " exw " ) and do not include freight or insurance . 
 seller and buyer shall meet on or before december 31 , [ ] to assess the requirement for a price and/or volume adjustment in good faith on the 
 price for product sell by seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate to buyer / buyer affiliate for year [ ] and [ ] . 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in attachment a , g and h to this agreement , the party agree that any permit adjustment to the 
 price , freight or payment term for product sell hereunder will be govern by the term of the pricing and payment term section of this 
 agreement . 
 buyer affiliate shall pay exxonmobil 's selling affiliate invoice(s ) not later than the day set forth in attachment e hereto . all invoice shall be 
 pay in full by wire transfer in accordance with the invoice 's instruction . 
 crude trigger clause 
 product price(s ) shall be subject to the average brent crude oil price evolution ( as far detail below ) in order to reflect the cost of energy . 
 should the average brent crude oil price at any moment during the term of this agreement move to a different average brent crude oil price bracket 
 as mention below , seller may increase or decrease the product price by [ ] for every [ ] change in the average brent crude oil price . 
 in no event shall the product price ’s increase or decrease exceed [ ] for every [ ] change in the average brent crude oil price bracket . 
 each average brent crude oil bracket be calculate on a 5 range basis ( e.g. , 30 - 35 , 40 - 45 , 50 - 55 , etc . ) . 
 the average brent crude oil price evolution shall be express as the three - month average spot price per barrel of the brent crude 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 oil ( as publish in the wall street journal ) . this average shall be calculate as the average of the price for the immediate precede three 
 consecutive calendar month , with each month 's price calculate as the average of the daily price . 
 any conversion between united states dollar and euro will be carry out by use the average of the european central bank ’s daily foreign 
 exchange rate as publish in reuter 's screen ecb 37 for the period in question . 
 any product price adjustment shall take effect the month immediately follow seller ’s notification of an increase or decrease in product price . 
 title and risk of loss - exxonmobil chemical company and exxonmobil chemical services americas inc . 
 title to the product(s ) to be sell and deliver hereunder will transfer simultaneously with the risk upon delivery as per the applicable lncoterm 
 ( lncoterm 2010 ) in attachment e with the exception of the following : 
 for product sell and/or source by exxonmobil chemical company or exxonmobil chemical services americas inc . that be ship overseas to a 
 non - u.s . location , title and risk of loss of product shall transfer from exxonmobil chemical company or exxonmobil chemical services americas 
 inc . to buyer affiliate at the first point upon which the deliver marine vessel cross the outer boundary of the united states exclusive 
 economic zone ( eez ) . the eez extend 200 nautical mile beyond the coastal baseline define in the united nations convention on the law of the 
 sea . 
 for product sell by exxonmobil chemical company that be transport by land to mexico , title and risk of loss of product shall transfer from 
 exxonmobil chemical company to buyer affiliate at the frontier between laredo , texas , u.s.a . and mexico ( not unload ) , but prior to the 
 custom border of mexico . 
 location of supply 
 buyer / buyer affiliate that may purchase product from exxonmobil selling affiliate be list in attachment c. other product and location may 
 be add upon mutual agreement in writing . 
 any and all sale of product between exxonmobil chemical company and/or exxonmobil chemical service americas , inc . and buyer affiliate in 
 the u.s . , mexico and brazil shall be subject to the term and condition set forth in attachment a hereto . 
 any and all sale of product between exxonmobil petroleum & chemical and buyer affiliate in france , germany , denmark , serbia , ireland and the 
 united kingdom shall be subject to the term and condition set forth in attachment h hereto . 
 any and all sale of product between exxonmobil chemical asia pacific and buyer affiliate in singapore , china and india shall be subject to the 
 term and condition set forth in attachment g hereto . 
 buyer / buyer affiliate be responsible for the product and returnable crate in their custody at the sale value of the product and the replacement 
 value of the metal crate , respectively . the term relate to the use and return of metal crate be set out in attachment f. 
 affiliate 
 exxonmobil sell affiliate participate in this agreement be list in attachment b. buyer affiliates participate in this agreement be list 
 in attachment c. seller and buyer each represent and warrant that each will cause its respective affiliate , so list , to become bound to the term 
 of this agreement . 
 quality 
 product shall conform to exxonmobil sell affiliate ' standard sale specification as of the date of shipment . 
 seller agree to support the creation of purchase specification for product by buyer and agree to supply product in accordance to those 
 purchasing specification . seller have the right to review each purchase specification and need to accept in writing before such purchasing 
 specification become effective . seller have the right to take exception to term and provision in these purchasing specification if in contradiction 
 with seller ’s sale specification , general term and condition of sale or other seller ’s procedure and policy . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 buyer and seller agree to enter into negotiation on an extended quality assurance agreement . provide that these negotiation will be 
 successful , such agreement shall then be incorporate into this contract as an amendment to it . 
 agreement period 
 effective date : january 1 , 2019 
 termination date : december 31 , 2023 
 payment term 
 buyer / buyer affiliate shall pay for product by electronic fund transfer ( eft ) through the automate clearing house ( ach ) use the 
 corporate trade exchange ( ctx ) format , accord to the payment term describe in attachment e. 
 technical support 
 emcc / a will provide technical expertise in the use of product and will use its technical center to enhance technical communication with west 
 pharmaceutical service affiliate technical center . west / a will share its need with emcc / a and how they relate to west / a activity to help 
 guide exxonmobil chemical affiliate technical effort . 
 the party have create and continue to entertain a research and development governance structure with a steering team , program management 
 team and working team . the charter , role and meet frequency be describe in mutually agree document and will be review periodically as 
 deem appropriate by the party . 
 safety , health & environment 
 safety , health and environment ( she ) professional representative from both party shall endeavor to meet once a year ( face to face or via 
 teleconference ) to exchange and benchmark on good practice . 
 the party agree to notify each other on she relate issue that may arise from the use of product . 
 the party agree to explore the reuse / recycling of article , manufacture trim and scrap buyer produce from product purchase from seller . 
 audit 
 on request of buyer , buyer be allow to carry out on - site manufacturing and quality audits in manufacturing unit where product be produce . 
 the frequency of such audits shall not exceed one audit per site within three year 
 supply security 
 buyer be seek for an increase level of supply security and additional risk mitigation strategy and action in case of short and long term supply 
 disruption of product . 
 seller agree to enter into discussion and negotiation with buyer and to take reasonable effort to enhance such risk mitigation and business 
 continuity strategy . 
 collaboration planning and supply assurance , forecast 
 buyer and seller agree to convene once every calendar year to discuss annual product quantity . buyer have provide seller with an annual non- 
 bind forecast for the respective contract year . 
 as request by the seller , the buyer will provide a quarterly forecast for the subsequent contract year . seller will provide buyer a quarterly 
 overview of the plan production run of each butyl grade purchase for buyer . 
 seller shall acknowledge in write the request delivery and timing of product and volume . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 change control 
 change to the manufacturing process be carefully control and be subject to review and formal approval by emcc / a or other affiliate of 
 exxon mobil corporation prior to implementation . buyer will be inform at least six month in advance of any change determine by emcc / a to 
 result in a significant change to the chemical composition or performance of the product . 
 [ ] 
 credit 
 if seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate ' have reasonable ground for insecurity with respect to the financial responsibility of buyer / buyer affiliate , 
 seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate may require advance cash payment or satisfactory security and may withhold product shipment until receipt of 
 such payment or security . such action by seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate shall not constitute a change of payment term hereunder . if amount 
 due hereunder be place with an outside agency for collection , or if suit be bring for collection , or if collect through probate , bankruptcy or 
 other judicial proceeding , then buyer / buyer affiliate shall pay all cost of collection , include attorney ' fee , in addition to all other amount 
 due . 
 set - off and recovery 
 with respect to any monetary amount and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance due from buyer / buyer affiliate to seller / exxonmobil sell 
 affiliate , seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate may ( i ) set - off such monetary amount and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance against any 
 monetary amount and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance owe to buyer / buyer affiliates; and/or ( ii ) recoup such monetary amount 
 and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance from any amount pay and/or delivery make to buyer / buyer affiliate by seller / exxonmobil 
 selling affiliate . for purpose hereof , any and all write agreement between buyer and seller shall be deem to be part of an integrate 
 agreement set forth herein . 
 economic condition and trend clause 
 it be understand and agree that the basis for this agreement be an extraordinary level of mutual trust and confidence between the party , not only 
 in matter of price , quality , and service relate to the quantity of product purchase and sell hereunder , but also with respect to the 
 accommodation of change that may develop in the business environment or the pursuit of such mutual undertaking as may benefit either or both 
 of the party to this agreement . moreover , the term relate to quantity and price presume the continuation of economic condition and trend 
 now prevail , include but not limit to level of industrial production , tire demand , labor rate , energy cost , and foreign exchange 
 relationship . in the event that , in the view of either party , a significant change of any kind do occur which materially and significantly alter the 
 value receive by either party in this transaction , that party may , upon write notice of its election and reason therefor , request that this 
 agreement be renegotiate and the other party will be obligate to enter into the renegotiation unless the request be formally withdraw . neither 
 party shall unreasonably request such renegotiation 
 failure in performance 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in attachment a , g or h , no liability shall result to either party from delay in performance or non- 
 performance of an obligation hereunder ( include an obligation to make payment ) in whole or in part cause by circumstance reasonably beyond 
 the control of the party affect , include but not limit to , act of god , terrorist activity , transportation failure , breakdown , equipment failure , 
 criminal enterprise , sabotage , diminishment , or failure of power , telecommunication , data system or network , shortage or inability to obtain 
 product or raw material for product , or good - faith compliance with any governmental order or request ( whether valid or invalid ) . notwithstanding 
 any other notice requirement in this agreement , actual notice ( e.g. , phone , email , letter ) to a counterparty of a delay or failure describe in this 
 provision will constitute effective notice for purpose of this provision . regardless , however , of the occurrence or nonoccurrence of any such 
 circumstance , if , supply of product or distribution logistic for , or feedstock for make product , from any of seller' / exxonmobil sell 
 affiliate ' exist source be curtail or be inadequate to meet seller' / exxonmobil selling affiliate ' own requirement and/or its obligation to 
 its customer , seller’s / exxonmobil sell affiliate ' obligation to deliver product during such period shall be reduce to the extent necessary , in 
 seller' / exxonmobil selling affiliate ' reasonable judgment , to apportion fairly among seller' / exxonmobil selling affiliate ’ own requirement and 
 its customer such product as receive and as may be available in the ordinary and usual course of seller' / exxonmobil selling affiliate ' business 
 from any exist source of supply at the location(s ) from which delivery like those cover hereby be normally ship . seller / exxonmobil 
 selling 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 affiliate shall not be obligate to purchase or obtain product , or feedstock to make product , to replace delivery omit or curtail under this 
 paragraph . 
 change in circumstance 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in attachment a , g or h , in connection with any change in circumstance ( as define below ) , and 
 without limit seller's / exxonmobil selling affiliate 's other right under this agreement or applicable law , seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate shall 
 have the right : ( i ) only if require to enable seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate to comply with applicable law and regulation , to terminate this 
 agreement and accelerate all amount due from buyer hereunder , make they immediately payable ( ii ) to modify the payment term hereunder; 
 and/or ( iii ) to require that buyer / buyer affiliate pay in advance for shipment hereunder . 
 promptly after any public announcement regard any propose transaction that would result in a change in circumstance , buyer / buyer 
 affiliate shall notify seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate , in writing , of the nature of such transaction , the party thereto and the propose date of 
 consummation . if seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate elect to exercise any of its right under the precede paragraph , seller / exxonmobil selling 
 affiliate shall so notify buyer / buyer affiliate , in writing , within forty - five ( 45 ) day after receipt of buyer's / buyer affiliate ' notice . 
 as use above , " change in circumstance " mean any of the follow : ( i ) any transaction , or series of transaction , that would result in the 
 transfer of at least twenty - five percent ( 25 ) of the equity interest in buyer / buyer affiliate ( or of at least twenty - five percent ( 25 ) of the equity 
 interest in any business entity that own or control , directly or indirectly , at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the equity interest in buyer / buyer 
 affiliate ( " buyer ’s parent " ) ) to a single transferee or multiple transferee under common control; ( ii ) any transaction that would result in buyer ’s 
 /buyer affiliate ' ( or buyer ’s parent ’s ) merge with one or more other entities; or ( iii ) any transaction not in the ordinary course of buyer’s / buyer 
 affiliate ( or buyer ’s parent ’s ) business that call for the sale , purchase or other transfer of one or more significant asset , include ( without 
 limitation ) manufacturing facility and ownership interest in other business entity . 
 warranty dispute resolution 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in attachment a , g or h , if buyer / buyer affiliate and seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate be unable to 
 agree on the quality or quantity of product deliver and receive follow their internal investigation and good faith effort to resolve the 
 dispute , the party shall cooperate to have the product in dispute analyze by a mutually select independent testing laboratory . the result of 
 such laboratory testing shall be final and bind on the party on the issue of conformance of the product . if the product be determined to be 
 conform , then buyer / buyer affiliate shall bear the cost of such laboratory testing . if the product be determined not to be conform , then 
 seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate shall bear the cost of such laboratory testing . 
 us law and regulation 
 the party represent , warrant and undertake to each other on a continuous basis that they shall comply with all applicable anti - bribery and anti- 
 money launder law , rule , and regulation of any government , include the u.s . foreign corrupt practice act , and the applicable country 
 legislation implement the oecd convention on combat bribery of foreign public official in international business transaction as such 
 law and regulation may be amend or update from time to time . 
 ivacy 
 seller inform buyer that any information relate to an identified or identifiable natural person ( " individual " ) , in particular business contact detail 
 of buyer ’s personnel and contractor , which be communicate by or on behalf of buyer to seller ( " personal datum " ) , will be subject to datum 
 processing by seller . to learn more about the processing of personal datum and about individual ’s right in relation to the processing , read the seller 
 datum privacy notice at http://www.exxonmobil.be/en-be/company/locations/belgium/legal-information-belgium-only buyer shall inform its personnel 
 and contractor and other relevant individual of the seller datum privacy notice . 
 nowledgement 
 in accordance with section 8 of attachment a , the " warranty " section of attachment g and section 14 of attachment h , seller hereby expressly 
 acknowledge that buyer have provide notice so seller that product(s ) purchase hereunder will be use by buyer in connection with only the 
 follow medical application : 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 • 
 elastomeric component for pharmaceutical packaging and containment solution , include stopper , seal , plunger , and syringe 
 component . 
 termination 
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in attachment a , g or h , neither party can suspend its further performance , terminate this agreement or 
 require specific performance of the other party of this agreement in whole or in part as a result of the other party ’s material breach of the term and 
 condition of this agreement without first provide notice to such party in writing and thirty ( 30 ) day ' opportunity to cure the material breach 
 ( and then only if such party fail to cure such breach ) . 
 term and condition 
 the follow attachment be make part of this agreement : 
 attachment a - exxonmobil chemical company and exxonmobil chemical services americas inc . 
 general term and condition of sale 
 attachment b - list of exxonmobil affiliates / division 
 attachment c - list of west pharmaceutical service affiliate 
 attachment d - notices 
 attachment e - payment term 
 attachment f - returnable metal crate 
 attachment g - exxonmobil chemical asia pacific - term and condition of sale 
 attachment h - exxonmobil chemical petroleum & chemical bvba - term and condition of sale 
 governing law 
 this agreement shall be govern and construe in accordance with the law set forth in the exxonmobil sell affiliate 's general term and 
 condition , as applicable . 
 bind effect 
 seller shall not be obligate by this agreement unless buyer execute and return this agreement to seller no later than thirty ( 30 ) day from the 
 date seller sign below . 
 entire agreement 
 this agreement and its attachment constitute the complete and exclusive statement of the term of agreement between seller and buyer and 
 supersede any and all agreement , representation and understanding , oral and write make prior to sign and relate to the subject matter of 
 this agreement . in no event shall either party be responsible for any special , punitive , or consequential damage whatsoever . 
 no modification of this agreement shall be of any force or effect unless such modification be in writing , expressly designate as an amendment 
 hereto and sign by the party ' duly authorize representatives; and no modification shall be effect by the acknowledgment or acceptance of 
 purchase order form contain term or condition at variance with those set forth herein . 
 none of the party shall be legally bind by anything contain in this instrument , or any negotiation pursuant thereto , unless and until the 
 company have agree to all term and this instrument have be sign by authorize representative of each company . 
 order of precedence 
 in the event of conflict between this agreement ( include the failure in performance and change in circumstance clause herein ) and the 
 attachment hereto , this agreement shall prevail , except with respect to the govern law specify in attachment a , g and h , respectively , and 
 as applicable to the appropriate exxonmobil selling affiliate . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 buyer 
 seller 
 accept and agree to by buyer 
 exxonmobil chemical company , a division of 
 date of : 
 exxon mobil corporation 
 january 10 , 2020 
 date : december 11 , 2018 
 /s/ eric m. green 
 /s/ kurt aert 
 by : eric m. green 
 by : kurt aerts 
 title : president and ceo 
 title : vice president , seri 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment a 
 west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company 
 2019 - 2023 global master supply agreement 
 exxonmobil chemical company ( emcc ) & 
 exxonmobil chemical services americas inc . ( emcsa ) 
 standard term and condition of sale and acceptance of order 
 1 . price and quantity; price adjustment 
 except as otherwise provide in this agreement , and without regard to any course of deal between the party : ( 1 ) seller shall not be obligate to 
 sell or deliver any quantity of product(s ) cover hereby ( " product " ) beyond the amount , if any , which in seller 's sole judgment , be available for 
 such purpose as of the propose date of shipment to buyer; ( 2 ) the price of product shall be seller 's price therefor as of the date of shipment; ( 3 ) 
 seller reserve the right to set minimum and/or premium or to reject order for unusual configuration , size and folds; ( 4 ) an overrun or underrun 
 of up to ten percent ( 10 ) shall constitute due performance of any order; ( 5 ) any freight allowance shall be those specify by seller as of the date 
 of shipment; and ( 6 ) buyer shall allow seller a reasonable period for delivery of shipment of product . seller may change any price , freight or 
 payment term hereof upon no less than thirty ( 30 ) day ' prior write notice; provide , however , that seller may at any time institute or remove a 
 temporary voluntary allowance of other similar competitive allowance without prior notice . 
 2 . payment 
 unless otherwise specify in attachment e of the agreement , payment for product shall be make in u.s . dollar and shall be due , in good fund in 
 seller 's account , no later than thirty ( 30 ) day after the date of shipment . with respect to any monetary obligation of buyer or buyer 's affiliate 
 owe to seller , seller may ( i ) set - off such obligation against any sum owe to buyer or buyer 's affiliates; and/or ( ii ) recoup such obligation from 
 any amount pay to buyer or buyer 's affiliate by seller . 
 3 . tax 
 any tax ( except income taxis ) , excise or other governmental charge that now or in the future may be impose , increase or levy upon the 
 production , value add , sale , transportation , storage , handling , delivery , use or disposal of product sell hereunder which seller may be require to 
 pay , shall be pay by buyer to seller in addition to the purchase price . buyer shall provide seller , on request , with properly complete exemption 
 certificate for any tax from which buyer claim exemption . 
 4 . credit 
 if seller have reasonable ground for insecurity with respect to the financial responsibility of buyer , seller may require advance cash payment or 
 satisfactory security and may withhold product shipment until receipt of such payment or security . such action by seller shall not constitute a 
 change of payment term hereunder . if amount due hereunder be place with an outside agency for collection , or if suit be bring for collection , 
 or if collect through probate , bankruptcy or other judicial proceeding , then buyer shall pay all cost of collection , include attorney ' fee , in 
 addition to other amount due . 
 5 . set - off and recovery 
 with respect to any monetary amount and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance due from buyer / buyer affiliate to seller / exxonmobil sell 
 affiliate , seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate may ( i ) set - off such monetary amount and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance against any 
 monetary amount and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance owe to buyer / buyer affiliates; and/or ( ii ) recoup such monetary amount 
 and/or product - exchange delivery imbalance from any amount pay and/or delivery make to buyer / buyer affiliate by seller / exxonmobil sell 
 affiliate . for purpose hereof , any and all agreement between buyer and seller , whether write or oral , shall be deem to be part of an 
 integrate agreement set forth herein . 
 6 . change in circumstance 
 in connection with any change in circumstance ( as define below ) , and without limit seller ’s other right under this agreement or applicable 
 law , seller shall have the right : ( i ) to terminate this agreement and accelerate all amount due from buyer hereunder , make they immediately 
 payable; ( ii ) to modify the payment term hereunder; and/or ( iii ) to require buyer to pay in advance for shipment hereunder . 
 promptly after any public announcement regard any propose transaction that would result in a change in circumstance , buyer shall notify 
 seller , in writing , of the nature of such transaction , the party thereto and the propose date of consummation . if seller elect to exercise any of its 
 right under the precede paragraph , seller shall so notify buyer , in writing , within forty - five ( 45 ) day after receipt of buyer ’s notice . as use 
 above , " change in circumstance " mean any of the follow : ( i ) any transaction , or series of transaction , that would result in the transfer of at 
 least twenty - five percent ( 25 ) of the equity interest 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 in buyer ( or of at least twenty - five percent 25 ) of the equity interest in any business entity that own or control , directly or indirectly , at least 
 fifty percent ( 50 ) of the equity interest in buyer ( " buyer ’s parent " ) to a single transferee or multiple transferee under common control; ( ii ) any 
 transaction that would result in buyer ’s ( or buyer ’s parent ’s ) merge with one or more other entities; or ( iii ) any transaction not in the ordinary 
 course of buyer ’s ( or buyer ’s parent ’s ) business that call for the sale , purchase or other transfer of one or more significant asset , include 
 ( without limitation ) manufacturing facility and ownership interest in other business entity . 
 7 . title; risk of loss 
 title to product and risk of loss shall pass to buyer at seller 's facility upon delivery to a carrier or into buyer 's transport unless otherwise specify 
 in the agreement . 
 8 . limited warranty and medical application 
 there be no warranty which extend beyond the product description herein , and seller make no warranty , 
 express or imply , of fitness for particular use , merchantability or otherwise with respect to product , 
 whether use singly or in combination with other substance or in any process , except that product sell 
 hereunder shall conform to seller 's standard sale specification as of the date of shipment . without limit the 
 foregoing , seller do not recommend nor endorse the use of product(s ) in any medical application and specifically disclaim any representation or 
 warranty , express or imply , of suitability or fitness for use , or otherwise , with respect to product(s ) ' use in any medical application . buyer 
 represent and warrant that no product(s ) purchase hereunder will be use in or resold into any commercial or developmental manner in 
 connection with medical application without seller ’s prior express write acknowledgement . far , buyer agree that it will make no 
 representation , express or imply , to any person to the effect that seller recommend or endorse the use of product(s ) purchase hereunder in 
 any medical application . 
 9 . inspection and limitation of liability 
 buyer shall inspect and test product deliver hereunder for damage , defect or shortage immediately upon receipt at buyer 's plant or such other 
 location as determine by buyer and provide seller notice of any such damage , defect or shortage within ten ( 10 ) day of receipt . any claim for 
 shortage must be support by certify railroad scale ticket ( or similar document if shipment be not by rail ) and seller shall have an 
 opportunity to have an independent weighing . all claim for any cause whatsoever , whether base in contract , negligence or other tort , strict 
 liability , breach of warranty or otherwise , shall be deem waive unconditionally and absolutely unless seller receive write notice of such claim 
 not later than one hundred fifty ( 150 ) day after buyer 's receipt of product as to which such claim be make . defective or nonconforming product 
 shall be replace by seller without additional charge , or in lieu thereof , at seller 's option , seller may refund the purchase price upon return of such 
 product at seller 's expense and such refund or replacement shall constitute buyer ’s sole and exclusive remedy . notwithstanding the above 
 and regardless of the circumstance , seller 's total liability to buyer for any and all claim , loss or 
 damage arise out of any cause whatsoever , whether base in contract , negligence or other tort , strict 
 liability , breach of warranty or otherwise , shall in no event exceed the purchase price of product in respect to 
 which such cause arise . in no event shall seller be liable for special , incidental , consequential or exemplary 
 damage . any cause of action that buyer may have against seller and which may arise in connection with the transaction(s ) specify herein 
 must be commence within two ( 2 ) year after the cause of action have accrue . 
 10 . safety , health and indemnity 
 seller shall furnish to buyer material safety datum sheet , include warning and safety and health information concern product and/or the 
 container therefor . buyer agree to disseminate such information so as to give warning of possible hazard to person who buyer can reasonably 
 foresee may be expose to such hazard , include but not limit to buyer 's employee , agent , contractor or customer . buyer shall instruct its 
 employee , agent , contractor and customer on the safe handling , use , selling , storing , transportation and disposal practice for the product . if 
 buyer fail to disseminate such warning and information , buyer agree to defend and indemnify seller against 
 any and all liability arise out of or in any way connect with such failure , include but not limit to 
 liability for injury , sickness , death and property damage; provide , however , that if seller in this instance have 
 contribute to such liability , buyer 's indemnity to seller shall be reduce by the proportion in which seller 
 contribute to such liability . seller will provide buyer with reasonable notice and opportunity to defend in the event any claim or demand 
 be make on seller as to which such indemnity relate . 
 11 . car , truck and barge 
 buyer shall unload railroad car , truck and barge furnish by seller within the free time specify by tariff or time period on file with applicable 
 regulatory body , or promptly after receipt if no such tariff or time period be on file , and pay any charge 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 result from its failure to do so directly to the common carrier upon receipt of invoice therefor . buyer shall pay seller 's daily charge for trip - lease 
 tank car for tank car hold long than seven ( 7 ) day from constructive placement . buyer assume full responsibility for use and 
 condition of car , truck and barge while in buyer 's possession and agree to ( 1 ) compensate seller for loss or 
 damage to seller 's property and ( 2 ) indemnify and save seller harmless from any loss or damage to property 
 other than seller 's and from any injury to person relate in any way to the use of such car(s ) , truck(s ) and 
 barge(s ) while such be in buyer 's possession . buyer shall report to seller promptly any damage that may be sustain by the car(s ) , 
 truck(s ) or barge(s ) in buyer 's possession . 
 12 . lease track 
 seller may elect to provide rail car of product to buyer on lease track . if seller do so , buyer shall contact seller to receive shipment of 
 product from the lease track and not request such shipment directly from the railroad . 
 13 . failure in performance 
 no liability shall result to either party from delay in performance or non - performance in whole or in part cause by circumstance reasonably 
 beyond the control of the party affect , include but not limit to act of god , terrorist activity , transportation failure , breakdown , equipment 
 failure , criminal enterprise , sabotage , diminishment , or failure of power , telecommunication , data system or network , shortage or inability to 
 obtain product or raw material for product , or good - faith compliance with any governmental order or request ( whether valid or invalid ) . 
 notwithstanding any other notice requirement in this agreement , actual notice ( e.g. , phone , email , letter ) to a counterparty of a delay or failure 
 describe in this provision will constitute effective notice for purpose of this provision . regardless , however , of the occurrence or nonoccurrence 
 of any such circumstance , if for any reason supply of or distribution logistic for product , or feedstock for make product , from any of seller 's 
 exist source be curtail or be inadequate to meet seller 's own requirement and/or its obligation to its customer , seller 's obligation to 
 deliver product during such period shall be reduce to the extent necessary , in seller 's sole judgment , to apportion fairly among seller 's own 
 requirement and its customer ( whether under contract or not ) such product as receive and as may be available in the ordinary and usual course 
 of seller 's business from any exist source of supply at the location(s ) from which delivery like those cover hereby be normally ship . 
 seller shall not be obligate to purchase or obtain product , or feedstock to make product , to replace delivery omit or curtail under this 
 paragraph . 
 14 . intentionally omit 
 15 . export compliance 
 the transaction(s ) specify herein , unless otherwise indicate , constitute domestic sale within the united states . for domestic u.s . sale , where 
 buyer choose to subsequently export the product , buyer shall comply with all applicable law relate to export control and economic sanction , 
 include , but not limit to , those maintain by the us department of the treasury ( office of foreign asset control ) and the us department of 
 commerce ( bureau of industry and security ) . for u.s . domestic sale , if buyer elect to export product , buyer shall constitute the u.s . principal 
 party in interest or exporter for all purpose under applicable law . 
 16 . non - us buyer 
 if buyer be a natural or legal person of any jurisdiction other than the united states and/or a state thereof , any dispute arise with respect to the 
 transaction(s ) specify herein shall be refer to three ( 3 ) arbitrator in accordance with the rule of arbitration of the international chamber of 
 commerce as in effect on the date of such referral . the arbitration shall take place in houston , texas , u.s.a . the proceeding shall be in the english 
 language . the american arbitration association shall act as appoint authority in the event require . monetary award shall be express in 
 u.s . dollar and all award shall be final and bind on the party . judgment upon any award may be enter in any court have jurisdiction . 
 17 . amendment; cancellation 
 no modification of this agreement shall be of any force or effect unless such modification be in writing , expressly designate as an amendment 
 hereto and sign by the party ' duly authorize representatives; and no modification shall be effect by the acknowledgment or acceptance of 
 purchase order form contain term or condition at variance with those set forth herein . except as explicitly set forth in this agreement , this 
 agreement and the transaction(s ) specify herein can be cancel only with both party ' write consent . 
 18 . govern law and dispute resolution 
 the party ' right and obligation hereunder shall be construe and enforce under the law of the state of texas , u.s.a . , without regard to 
 conflict of law principle . incoterm 2010 ( or any subsequent revision thereof ) ( " incoterm " ) shall also apply; provide , however , that incoterm 
 shall apply only to the extent specify in the agreement hereof , and provide , far , that in the event of a conflict between incoterm and the law 
 of the state of texas , u.s.a . , the latter shall govern . the party specifically exclude 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 application of the u.n . convention on contract for the international sale of good . for any dispute regard this agreement , the party agree to 
 exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the district court of harris county , texas , or the united states district court for the southern district of texas 
 ( houston division ) . 
 19 . miscellaneous 
 no waiver by either party of a right , default or breach of any of the term and condition herein shall be effective unless in writing . no such waiver 
 shall be deem a waiver of any subsequent right , default or breach ( whether similar or dissimilar ) except as expressly state therein . 
 20 . assignment 
 this agreement shall not be assign in whole or in part by buyer or seller without the write consent of the other party and any attempt 
 assignment without such consent shall be void and of no effect , except that seller may assign all of its right and obligation hereunder to any 
 entity of which exxon mobil corporation own , directly or indirectly , at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the share or other indicia of equity have the 
 right to elect such entity 's board of director or other govern body . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment b 
 west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company 
 2019 - 2023 global master supply agreement 
 list of exxonmobil affiliate / division 
 at its sole discretion and with prior write notice to buyer , seller may designate a different selling entity from the one list in this attachment . 
 for product purchase make by buyer affiliate in : u.s.a . , brazil , mexico 
 exxonmobil chemical company , a division of exxon mobil corporation ( " emcc " ) and/or exxonmobil chemical service americas , inc . 
 22777 springwood village pkwy 
 spring , tx 77389 
 for product purchase make by buyer affiliate I n : denmark , france , germany , united kingdom , serbia and ireland 
 exxonmobil petroleum & chemical bvba ( empc ) 
 polderdijkweg 
 b - 2030 antwerpen , belgium 
 for product purchase make by buyer affiliate I n : singapore , china , india 
 exxonmobil affiliate : exxonmobil chemical asia pacific , a division of exxonmobil asia pacific pte ltd ( emcap ) 
 1 harbour front place 06 - 00harbourfront tower one singapore 098633 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment c 
 west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company 
 2019 - 2023 global master supply agreement 
 list of west pharmaceutical affiliate 
 buyer may update this list from time to time with write notice to seller . 
 brazil 
 west pharmaceutical services brasil ltda 
 av nossa senhora das gracas , 115 
 diadema , sao paulo , brazil 09980 - 000 
 china 
 west pharmaceutical packaging ( china ) co. , ltd 
 no . 111 tianchen road 
 qingpu , shanghai 201707 china 
 denmark 
 west pharmaceutical service denmark a / s 
 fuglevangsvej 51 
 horsen , denmark 
 france 
 west pharmaceutical service 
 france , s.a . 38 , rue robert degon 
 le nouvion en thierache 02170 
 germany 
 west pharmaceutical services deutschland gmbh & co. kg 
 stalberger str . 21 - 41 
 eschweiler 52249 
 ireland 
 west pharmaceutical product ireland , ltd . 
 carrickpherish road 
 waterford , x91 r9v6 
 india 
 west pharmaceutical packaging india pvt . ltd . 
 900 peepul boulevard - sector 36 - sri city - satyavedu ( p.o ) 
 chittoor district - a.p . - india - 517 546 
 mexico 
 west pharmaceutical services mexico , s.a . de c.v . 
 calle 40 sur no . 706 , 
 esq . 36 este civac , 
 jiutepec morelos - 
 méxicoc . p. 62500 
 serbia 
 west pharmaceutical services beograd d.o.o . kovin 
 crvenka 76 
 kovin 26220 , serbia 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 singapore 
 west pharmaceutical services singapore pte . ltd . 
 15 joo koon circle 
 jurong , singapore 629046 
 u.s.a 
 west pharmaceutical service , inc . 
 530 herman o. west drive 
 exton , pa 19341 - 1147 
 west pharmaceutical service , inc . 
 1028 innovation way 
 kinston , nc 28504 - 7616 
 west pharmaceutical service , inc . 
 923 west railroad street 
 kearney , ne 68845 - 5128 
 west pharmaceutical service of florida , inc . 
 5111 park street north 
 st . petersburg , fl 33709 - 1109 
 west pharmaceutical service , inc . 
 347 oliver street 
 jersey shore , pa 17740 - 1923 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment d 
 west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company 2019 - 2023 global supply master agreement 
 notice 
 for all notice , communication , or question regard this contract , the follow address list below shall be used; provide , however , that 
 seller and buyer can each change any of its address information by provide write notice to the other party . 
 exxonmobil chemical company 
 west pharmaceutical service , inc . 
 22777 springwood village pkwy 
 530 w. herman o. drive 
 spring , tx 77389 
 exton , pa 19341 - 1147 
 attn : gerd merhof 
 attn : oliver steven 
 exxonmobil chemical central europe 
 west pharmaceutical services deutschland gmbh & co. kg 
 I m mediapark 2 
 kiefernweg 5 
 50670 köln 
 52249 eschweiler 
 germany 
 germany 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment e 
 west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company 
 2019 - 2023 global supply master agreement 
 payment term 
 buyer affiliate shall pay exxonmobil sell affiliate ' invoice(s ) in full within the day set forth below : 
 location 
 payment term 
 delivery term - lncoterms 

 brazil 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 china 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 denmark 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 france 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 germany 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 india 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 mexico 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 serbia 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 singapore 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 u.s.a . 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 ireland 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
  for product sell and/or source from the us that be ship overseas to a non - us location , title and risk of loss of product shall transfer from 
 exxonmobil chemical company or any other exxonmobil seller to buyer at the first point upon which the deliver marine vessel cross the outer 
 boundary of the united states exclusive economic zone ( eez ) . the eez extend 200 nautical mile beyond the coastal baseline define in the 
 united nations convention on the law of the sea . 
 for u.s . sale to brazil or mexico , seller shall constitute the u.s . principal party in interest or exporter for all purpose under applicable law . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment f 
 west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company 
 2019 - 2023 global supply master agreement 
 returnable metal crate 
 attachment f documents buyer's / buyer affiliate ' responsibility for returnable metal crate ( " metal crate " ) use in the supply of butyl product 
 from seller / exxonmobil selling affiliate ( " exxonmobil " ) . buyer / buyer affiliate wish to receive butyl in metal crate and exxonmobil be willing 
 to supply butyl in metal crate , subject to the follow agreement . 
 agreement 
 buyer / buyer affiliate be responsible for the metal crate in their custody at the replacement value of the metal crate . buyer 's /buyer affiliate ' 
 custody begin when metal crate be load onto the deliver carrier at the exxonmobil or third party warehouse and end when metal crate 
 be load onto the carrier for return to global pallet service limited ( gps ) usa , inc . 
 buyer / buyer affiliate must implement a system to ensure metal crate be not lose or damage , and be return in undamaged condition ( normal 
 wear and tear excepted ) . buyer / buyer affiliate will supply to exxonmobil upon request copy of any bill of lading need to verify return 
 shipment of metal crate . 
 for each metal crate not receive back at global pallet service limited ( gps ) and where a physical inventory determine that such metal crate be 
 not in the custody of buyer / buyer affiliate , buyer / affiliate will have 30 day from end of the calendar year to reimburse exxonmobil as state 
 below . 
 for the purpose of this agreement , a metal crate be consider to be in undamaged condition if the base and all four side be in working 
 condition . buyer / buyer affiliate agree to pay for all repair for damage to any metal crate , or to pay the replacement charge of [ ] per 
 metal crate for any metal crate that be either permanently lose or damage beyond repair while in the custody of buyer / buyer affiliate , and a 
 replacement charge ( [ ] per door ) for any removable door miss from metal crate collect at buyer 's /buyer affiliate ' location . a metal 
 crate shall be deem to have be damage beyond repair if the document repair cost to restore the damage metal crate to fit - for - fill 
 condition would exceed [ ] . in addition , if any of the charge impose by global pallet service limited ( gps ) under the agreement between 
 the exxonmobil and global pallet service limited ( gps ) for damage to or loss of metal crate , be revise , the aforesaid amount reimbursable by 
 buyer / buyer affiliate shall automatically be revise in similar manner . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment g 
 the west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company / affiliate 
 2019 - 2023 global master supply agreement 
 emcap standard term and condition of sale and acceptance of order 
 acceptance 
 the acceptance of buyer 's order by seller be expressly make conditional upon buyer 's assent to these standard term and condition of sale . 
 term as specify in seller ’s order confirmation ( if any ) and these standard term and condition shall constitute the only bind contract term 
 and condition between the party ( the " agreement " ) in the absence of a write agreement as describe in the clause on write agreement . 
 write agreement 
 if there be an execute write sale contract or agreement in effect between buyer and seller cover buyer ’s order , the term and condition of 
 that contract or agreement shall prevail over any conflicting term in seller ’s order confirmation and/or these standard term and condition and/or 
 buyer ’s purchase order . 
 price adjustment 
 [ ] buyer 's failure to deliver to seller write objection to any such change at least ten ( 10 ) day before its effective date shall constitute 
 acceptance . 
 if buyer do deliver such objection within the deadline , no delivery shall be make until party agree on the new price , freight and/or payment 
 term . 
 [ ] 
 quantity 
 quantity of all shipment shall be determine by seller and shall have a shipping allowance of plus or minus five percent ( + /-5 ) of the quantity 
 indicate in seller ’s order confirmation or separate sale contract , or such other percentage as determine by seller . to allow for standard 
 tolerance of scale , seller will not consider any claim for shortage of less than one half of one percent ( 0.5 ) of the gross weight of any 
 shipment of package product or less than one half of one percent ( 0.5 ) of the net weight of bulk shipment . seller shall have the right at all time 
 to appoint an independent surveyor . 
 taxis 
 all price be exclusive of taxis , duty , or other governmental charge levy on or in respect of the product or delivery thereof . buyer shall pay or 
 reimburse seller for such taxis , duty or charge . 
 risk and title transfer 
 risk of loss of and damage to product shall pass to buyer in accordance with the incoterm specify in seller ’s order confirmation or separate sale 
 contract . without negating seller ’s warranty obligation hereunder , buyer assume all risk and liability for loss , damage , or injury to the person or 
 property of buyer or other party arise out of the use or possession of any product sell hereunder . unless state otherwise in seller ’s order 
 confirmation or separate sale contract , title in product shall pass to buyer simultaneously with risk of loss of and damage to product . however , if 
 the product be ship by seller from the us , such title and risk shall pass to buyer at the first point at which the deliver vessel cross the outer 
 boundary of the us exclusive economic zone ( eez ) . the eez extend 200 nautical mile beyond the coastal baseline define in the united nations 
 convention on the law of the sea or as such term be use in the say convention . 
 warranty 
 there be no warranty which extend beyond the description on the face hereof , and seller make no warranty , express or imply , of satisfactory 
 quality , merchantability , fitness for any particular use or otherwise , except that the product sell hereunder shall meet seller 's applicable standard 
 specification or such other specification as may be notify by seller to buyer from time to time . buyer assume all risk whatsoever as a result of 
 the use of the product purchase , whether use singly or in combination with other substance or in any process . 
 without limit the foregoing , seller do not recommend nor endorse the use of product in any medical application and specifically disclaim any 
 representation or warranty , express or imply , of suitability or fitness for use , or otherwise with respect to product ’s use in any medical application . 
 buyer represent and warrant that no product purchase hereunder will be 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 use or resold for use in any commercial or developmental manner in connection with medical application without seller ’s prior express write 
 acknowledgment . far , buyer agree that it will make no representation , express or imply , to any person to the effect that seller recommend 
 or endorse the use of product purchase hereunder in any medical application . 
 limitation of claim 
 seller 's total liability for all claim arise hereunder or connect with the product sell hereunder , whether base in contract , tort or otherwise , 
 shall be no great than an amount equal to the purchase price of the product to which any such claim relate , or at the seller 's option , and only in 
 the case of claim regard defective or non - conforming product , to replacement of such product , provide that in all case buyer shall be under 
 an obligation to mitigate any loss as far as possible . seller shall not in any event be liable for any special , incidental , exemplary or consequential 
 damage . 
 subject to the clause on quantity , transfer of risk and title transfer , buyer shall inspect and test product deliver hereunder for damage , defect 
 or shortage immediately upon receipt and provide seller notice of any such damage , defect or shortage within ten ( 10 ) day of receipt . any claim 
 must be accompany by document as require by seller , include but not limit to a certify weigh scale ticket or an independent surveyor 
 report , and seller shall have an opportunity to an independent assessment . all claim for any cause whatsoever , whether base in contract , 
 negligence or other tort , strict liability , breach of warranty or otherwise , shall be deem waive unconditionally and absolutely unless seller 
 receive complete write detail of such claim not later than [ ] after buyer 's receipt of product as to which such claim be make . receipt will be 
 deem to have take place for purpose of this subparagraph when the product have be load onto buyer ’s transport , or offload from the 
 vessel or other mean of transport on which delivery have be make when delivery be arrange by seller . 
 laytime and demurrage 
 buyer shall unload tank container , car , truck and barge furnish by seller and clear product from port , or at delivery destination , within the 
 free time specify by tariff or time period on file with applicable body , or promptly after receipt if no such tariff or time period be on file . 
 buyer shall pay charge result from its failure to do to seller or directly to the common carrier upon receipt of invoice . 
 for bulk marine shipment , demurrage charge at load port be for account of seller and at discharge port for buyer ’s account . for sale other than 
 fob sale , laytime allow , demurrage rate and applicable charter party term shall be as specify in seller ’s vessel nomination to buyer fail 
 which , the term in seller ’s contract of affreightment with the vessel owner shall apply and buyer shall pay seller or the carrier the demurrage 
 incur at the discharge port by seller ’s stipulate deadline . subject to the foregoing , for the first discharge terminal , laytime shall commence six 
 ( 6 ) hour after the vessel ’s notice of readiness be tender to buyer ( or its agent ) or upon the vessel be all fast to the discharge terminal , 
 whichever occur first , and for subsequent discharge terminal(s ) , laytime shall commence immediately when the vessel ’s notice of readiness be 
 tender to buyer ( or its agent ) . laytime shall cease upon disconnection of all cargo hose upon completion of discharge . for fob sale , vessel 
 nominate by buyer be subject to seller ’s screening , inspection and acceptance process and seller ’s agreement to loading - date range duration / 
 loading - date range narrow profile / loading - date range communication leadtime and other shipping logistic , and any claim for demurrage by 
 buyer shall be waive unless notice in writing of such claim be receive by seller with full support documentation ( include the invoice and time 
 sheet issue by the vessel ) by seller ’s stipulate deadline . 
 failure in performance 
 failure by seller to deliver on a specific date shall not entitle buyer to repudiate this agreement . buyer shall not be relieve of any obligation to 
 accept or pay for product by reason of any delay in delivery or dispatch . furthermore , no liability shall result to either party for delay in 
 performance or non - performance of an obligation hereunder ( except an obligation to make payment ) in whole or in part cause by circumstance 
 reasonably beyond the control of the party affect , include but not limit to act of god , terrorist activity , transportation failure , breakdown , 
 equipment failure , shortage or inability to obtain product or raw material for product , or good - faith compliance with any governmental order or 
 request ( whether valid or invalid ) . regardless , however , of the occurrence or nonoccurrence of any such circumstance , if for any reason supply 
 of product or feedstock for make product , from any of seller 's exist source be curtail or be inadequate to meet seller 's own requirement 
 and/or its obligation to its customer , seller 's obligation to deliver product during such period shall be reduce to the extent necessary , in seller 's 
 sole judgment , to apportion fairly among seller 's own requirement and its customer ( whether under contract or not ) such product as receive 
 and as may be available in the ordinary and usual course of seller 's business from any exist source of supply at the location(s ) from which 
 delivery like those cover hereby be normally ship . seller shall not be obligate to purchase or obtain product , or feedstock to make product , 
 to replace delivery omit or curtail under this paragraph . 
 modification and amendment 
 there be no oral understanding , representation or warranty between the party that conflict with these standard term and 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 condition or the detail of price , payment , shipment or delivery schedule as communicate by seller . no modification of any standard term and 
 condition shall be of any force or effect unless such modification be in writing and sign by the party to be bind thereby , and no modification 
 of the same shall be effect by the acknowledgement of buyer ’s purchase order or equivalent form contain term and condition at variance 
 with those set forth herein and all such term or condition in buyer ’s purchase order or equivalent form shall be consider null and void . 
 govern law 
 this agreement shall be govern by singapore law , without regard to its conflict of law principle . party agree to exclude the application of the 
 united nations convention on contract for the international sale of good . a party that be not a party to this agreement shall have no right 
 under the contract ( right of third party ) act ( cap 53b ) to enforce any of the term in this agreement . 
 assignment 
 this agreement shall not be assign , in whole or in part , by either party without the prior consent of the other party , but shall be bind upon 
 and shall inure to the benefit of the legal successor of the respective party hereto; except that seller may assign this agreement , in whole or in 
 part , to any affiliate . for purpose of this clause , an " affiliate " of seller mean the ultimate hold company of seller or any corporation of which 
 fifty percent ( 50 ) or more of the outstanding stock be hold directly or indirectly by such ultimate hold company . 
 definition 
 to the extent not inconsistent with the term hereof , incoterm 2010 ( " incoterm " ) shall apply hereto . 
 no waiver 
 no waiver by either party of any breach of these standard term and condition shall be construe as a waiver of any succeed breach of the 
 same . 
 credit clause 
 if buyer fail to make payment when due or if seller reasonably believe the financial status of buyer be impair due to any reason , seller shall 
 have the right , without prejudice to its other right in contract or at law , upon notice to buyer , to withhold further delivery of product , modify or 
 change any term of payment or credit , suspend performance under this agreement , accelerate payment obligation such that all amount owe 
 under prior delivery and not pay shall become immediately due and payable , require buyer to furnish security as deem appropriate by seller 
 and/or exercise right against any collateral and apply the proceed against amount due and owing . seller shall in any event have the right to set- 
 off any claim that seller ( or its affiliate ) may have against buyer ( or its affiliate ) , against any sum which seller may owe to buyer ( or its affiliate ) . 
 in the event seller require a documentary letter of credit or a standby letter of credit , such letter of credit shall be issue by an international bank in 
 form and substance acceptable to seller . a clean letter of credit be to be receive by seller prior to the estimate shipment date or by such date as 
 seller shall agree . seller shall have no obligation to deliver product if the letter of credit be not so receive by seller . 
 without prejudice to seller 's other right in law and contract , it be agree that buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless the seller from and against 
 any dead - freight , vessel and/or port charge and payment , demurrage and/or any damage , loss or expense incur as a result of any delay in 
 loading or non - delivery of any product under this agreement arise from buyer 's failure or delay in provide the letter of credit in accordance 
 with the term of this agreement . 
 business practice 
 ( a ) 
 business standard . each party to this agreement shall establish precaution to prevent its employee or subcontractor from make , 
 receive , provide or offer any substantial gift , extravagant entertainment , payment , loan , or other consideration to the 
 employee of the other party and/or their family and/or third party in connection with this agreement . 
 ( b ) 
 compliance with law . each party agree and will secure agreement by its subcontractor to comply with all applicable law , regulation , 
 decree and judicial order . notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary , no provision shall be interpret or apply so as 
 to require any party to do , or refrain from do , anything which would constitute a violation of , or result in a loss of economic benefit 
 under , united states anti - boycott and other export law and regulation . each party represent to the other party that it shall not make any 
 improper payment of money or anything of value to a government official ( whether appoint , elect , honorary , or a career government 
 employee ) in connection with this agreement , nor shall it make improper payment to a third party knowing or suspect that the third 
 party will give the payment , or a portion of it , to a government official . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 ( c ) 
 notice of non - compliance . each party ( " the relevant party " ) agree to notify the other party promptly upon discovery of any instance 
 where the relevant party fail to comply with this clause . if either party discover or be advise of any error or exception relate to its 
 invoicing under this agreement , both party will together review the nature of the error or exception , and will , if appropriate , promptly 
 take corrective action that be necessary on its part and adjust the relevant invoice or refund overpayment . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 attachment h 
 the west pharmaceutical service and exxonmobil chemical company / affiliate 
 2019 - 2023 global master supply agreement 
 empc standard term and condition of sale 
 ( hereafter refer to as " em " ) 
 1 . agreement(s ) as use herein shall mean any order confirmation issue by em or any other contractual arrangement between em and buyer . 
 these general term and condition shall apply to and form part of all agreement . the agreement constitute the complete and entire 
 understanding and agreement between em and buyer . no other general term and condition will have an effect on the agreement . deviation 
 from the agreement , include these general term and condition , shall be valid only if 
 expressly agree in writing by the party . 
 2 . title to the product shall transfer from em to buyer simultaneously with the transfer of risk as per incoterm . all reference to incoterm shall 
 mean icc incoterm 2010 . 
 3 . em will use reasonable effort to meet the plan delivery date which shall be deem to be only approximate . 
 4 . if buyer be responsible for the transport of product , buyer shall ensure that the mean of transport be clean and dry , suitable for loading and 
 carry the product , and complie with the safety standard of em and with the legal standard for such mean of transport . in case of non- or 
 incomplete compliance with the above requirement , em will be entitle not to load or cause to load this means of transportation , without any 
 obligation to compensation . 
 5 . if delivery take place on reusable pallet ( regardless of whether they be property of em ) , buyer will maintain these pallet in good condition 
 and make they available on request for collection by or on behalf of em . 
 6 . em ’s determination of quantity and quality shall be bind for both party . without prejudice to the foregoing , buyer have the right to have a 
 representative present at say determination , at his own cost . 
 7 . product shall be supply by em at the price valid on the plan delivery date . 
 8 . price be exclusive of taxis ( such as vat ) , duty or other governmental charge . in addition to the price of the product , em shall have the right 
 to charge any taxis , duty or other governmental charge that now or in the future may be levy , in connection with the manufacture , sale , 
 transportation , storage , handling , delivery , use , possession of or disposal of the product or raw material use in it . vat and excise tax exemption 
 grant on request of buyer in accordance with legislation or administrative regulation 
 impose by any lawful authority , shall be the exclusive responsibility of buyer who shall indemnify em in respect of any vat or excise tax liability 
 arise therefrom . 
 9 . em will invoice buyer and buyer will pay the invoice in the currency state on the invoice , without any discount , deduction or set off , so that 
 em ’s designate bank account be credit with the full invoice amount within 30 day from the invoice date . 
 10 . failure by buyer to pay on the due date shall make all sum owe by buyer to em on any account whatsoever immediately and automatically 
 due and payable , without prejudice to em be right to charge automatically and without give any notice the statutory late payment interest rate as 
 define in applicable legislation on combat late payment in commercial transaction . 
 11 . em and any of its affiliate ( as herein define ) may at any time without give notice to or make demand upon buyer , set off and apply any 
 and all sum at any time owe by em and/or by any of its affiliate to buyer or any of buyer ’s affiliate , against any and all sum owe by buyer 
 or any of buyer ’s affiliate to em and/or to any of its affiliate . an affiliate be ( 1 ) for em : exxon mobil corporation or any company in which 
 exxon mobil corporation own or control , directly or indirectly , 50 or more of the voting stock and ( 2 ) for the buyer : any company in which its 
 ultimate hold company own or control , directly or indirectly , 50 or more of the voting stock . 
 12 . if one party have objective reason to conclude that the financial status of the other party become impaired or unsatisfactory , or in case of late 
 payment , it may require the other party to provide adequate security , include cash in advance , for the timely payment of future delivery , 
 absent which it may suspend its supply obligation . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 13 . health and safety information relate to handling and use of product be in the safety data sheet ( sds ) that em have send or will send to 
 buyer . buyer shall notify em if buyer have not receive such information by the delivery date . em will assume that buyer have receive the 
 necessary information absent notification from buyer . buyer shall provide such health and safety information to anyone include without 
 limitation its employee , contractor , agent or customer who may be expose to the 
 product . buyer warrant that it possess the necessary expertise for handle product of the type be supply hereunder and that it will take 
 the step necessary to review and understand that information contain on the sds for each product it purchase . such datum and statement be 
 offer only for buyer 's and its user ' and customer ' consideration , investigation and verification . 
 14 . em give no guarantee or warranty , express or imply , as to the quality , merchantability , fitness for purpose or suitability of the product 
 except that the product sell pursuant to the term of this agreement shall meet the relevant em standard specification in force at the time of 
 loading or such other specification or requirement which may be explicitly agree in writing between the party . without limit the foregoing , em 
 do not recommend nor endorse the use of product(s ) in any medical application and specifically disclaim any representation or warranty , express 
 or imply , of suitability or fitness for use , or otherwise with respect to product(s ) ' use in any medical application . buyer represent and warrant 
 that no product(s ) purchase hereunder will be use in or resold into any commercial or developmental manner in connection with medical 
 application without em ’s prior express write acknowledgement . far , buyer agree that it will make no representation , express or imply , to 
 any person to the effect that em recommend or endorse the use of product(s ) purchase hereunder in any medical application . em 's maximum 
 liability for all claim for any reason be the sale price of the product involve and em shall not be liable for indirect or consequential damage . 
 claim by buyer be waive unless make in writing within 150 day from date of ( non- ) delivery . buyer shall indemnity and hold em harmless in 
 respect of all claim for which buyer be liable . 
 15 . em make no representation or warranty of any kind , express or imply , that the product sell hereunder , or the use of such product , or 
 article make therefrom , either alone or in conjunction with other material , will not infringe any patent or trademark right . buyer agree that it will 
 promptly notify em of any claim or suit involve buyer in which patent or trademark infringement be allege with respect to the product sell 
 hereunder , and that buyer will permit em , at its option and expense , to control completely the defence or settlement of any such allegation of 
 infringement . 
 16 . neither party shall be liable for any delay in performance or non - performance in whole or in part cause by circumstance beyond the 
 reasonable control of the party affect include but not limit to , act of god , fire , flood , war , terrorist activity , or the threat of one of these 
 event , criminal act or sabotage , diminishment or failure of power , telecommunication , data system or network , accident , explosion , equipment 
 breakdown , labour dispute , shortage or inability to obtain energy , utility , equipment , transportation , the product , or the feedstock from which 
 the product be directly or indirectly derived; or good faith compliance with any regulation , direction r request ( whether ultimately determined to be 
 valid or invalid ) make by governmental authority or any person or person purport to act for such an authority . 
 regardless of the occurrence or non - occurrence of any of the circumstance set forth above , if for any reason , supply of or distribution logistic 
 of the product deliverable under this agreement or of the feedstock from which the product be directly or indirectly derive from any of em be then 
 exist source of supply be curtail or cut off , or otherwise inadequate to meet em ’s own requirement and its obligation to its customer , em 
 shall have the option during such period of curtailment , or cessation to apportion fairly among its customer include em ’s affiliate and whether 
 under contract or not , such product as may be receive in the ordinary course of business or manufacture at em then exist source . 
 em shall not be oblige to purchase or otherwise obtain alternative supply of product deliverable under this agreement , or the feedstock from 
 which product directly or indirectly be derive . nor shall em be oblige to settle labour dispute , run down inventory below normal level , adapt 
 or vary its manufacturing plan except at its own sole discretion , or to take any step other than in accordance with good business practice to make 
 up inadequate supply or to replace the supply so curtail or cut off . 
 em shall not be oblige to make up delivery omit or curtail under this agreement . any such deficiency in delivery shall be cancel with 
 no liability to either party , it be agree , however , that a force majeure situation hereunder shall not entitle either party to cancel this agreement . 
 17 . in case of any material breach of the term and condition contain in the agreement by one of the party , the other party may , without give 
 prior write notice in the event the material breach be not cure within such notice period or without undertake any recourse to legal 
 proceeding , suspend its further performance , terminate the agreement or require specific performance by the other party of the agreement in 
 whole or in part , without prejudice to its right to damage for any loss incur subject to article 14 . 
 18 . neither party may assign this agreement without the write consent of the other party save in the case where such assignment be to an em 
 affiliate and prior write notice have be give to the buyer . 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020 
 19 . em inform buyer that any information relate to an identified or identifiable natural person ( " individual " ) , in particular business contact 
 detail of buyer ’s personnel and contractor , which be communicate by or on behalf of buyer to em ( " personal datum " ) , will be subject to datum 
 processing by em . to learn more about the processing of personal datum and about individual ’s right in relation to the processing , read the em 
 datum privacy notice at http://www.exxonmobil.be/enbe/company/locations/belgium/legal-information-belgium-only buyer shall inform its personnel 
 and contractor and other relevant individual of the em datum privacy notice . 
 20 . notwithstanding any other provision in this agreement or any other document , neither this agreement nor any other document shall constitute 
 an agreement by em to take any action or refrain from take any action that be in conflict with , penalize under or compliance with which be 
 prohibit by the law or regulation of the united states , the european union ( eu ) , any eu member state , the united kingdom and/or norway , as 
 applicable . the party furthermore represent , warrant and undertake to each other on a continuous basis that they shall comply with all applicable 
 anti - bribery and anti - money launder law , rule and regulation of any government relevant to the transaction , include the us foreign corrupt 
 practice act and the applicable country legislation implement oecd convention on combat bribery of foreign public official in 
 international business transaction as such law and regulation may be update or amend from time to time . 
 21 . to the extent permit by law , in the event that a party become aware that it will or may undergo a change of control ( " affected party " ) within 
 the follow three ( 3 ) month , the affected party will notify the other party without delay after it become so aware . together with such 
 notification , the affected party will supply the other party with sufficient information to allow that other party to reasonably assess the impact that 
 such change of control may have on it and/or its affiliate , on the affected party ’s creditworthiness , and on the affected party ’s ability to perform 
 its obligation under this agreement . in the event that the other party conclude in its sole discretion that such change of control , if it be 
 implement : 
 a ) may result in it and/or its affiliate be subject to any fact , matter , event , circumstance , condition or change which materially and adversely 
 affect , or could reasonably be expect to materially and adversely affect , individually or in aggregate , the business , operation , asset , liability , 
 condition ( whether financial , trading or otherwise ) , prospect or operating result of it and/or its affiliates; 
 b ) that the affected party ’s creditworthiness may be reduced; and/or 
 c ) that the affected party ’s ability to perform its obligation under the agreement may be negatively affected; 
 then the other party may ( but be not oblige to ) terminate this agreement forthwith upon notice to the affected party . such termination be without 
 prejudice to the right and obligation of the party that have accrue up to and include the date of termination . 
 as use above , " change of control " mean any of the follow : 
 i ) any transaction , or series of transaction , that would result in the transfer of at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the equity interest in a party ( or of at 
 least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the equity interest in any business entity that own or control , directly or indirectly , at least fifty percent ( 50 ) of the 
 equity interest in a party ( " party ’s parent " ) ) to a single transferee or multiple transferee under common control; 
 ii ) any transaction that would result in a party ’s ( or party ’s parent 's ) merge with one or more other entity . 
 22 . this agreement between em and buyer shall be govern by the law of belgium ( exclude its rule on conflict of law ) . neither the uniform 
 law on the international sale of good ( ' uli ' ) , nor the united nations convention on contract for the international sale of good 1980 ( ' cisg ' ) 
 shall apply . 
 I ) if buyer 's registered office be locate within the territory of the european economic area ( ' eea ' ) , any dispute between em and buyer arise out of 
 or in relation to this agreement shall be of the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of antwerp . 
 ii ) if buyer 's registered office be locate outside the territory of the eea , any dispute arise out of or in relation to this agreement shall be finally 
 settle under the cepani rule of arbitration by three ( 3 ) arbitrator appoint in accordance with say rule . the seat of the arbitration shall be 
 brussels . the arbitration shall be conduct in the english language . 
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
  further information on exxonmobil petroleum & chemical bvba be available on : 
 http://www.exxonmobil.be/en-be/company/locations/belgium/legal-information-belgium-only 
 source : west pharmaceutical services inc , 8 - k , 1/16/2020