exhibit 10.18 
 master supply agreement 
 master supply agreement ( the " agreement " ) date november 1 , 2019 ( the " effective date " ) between reynold consumer product 
 llc , a delaware limit liability company with its headquarters at 1900 west field court , lake forest , il 60045 ( " seller " ) , and pactiv llc , a delaware 
 limit liability company with its headquarters at 1900 west field court , lake forest , il 60045 ( " buyer " ) . seller and buyer be refer to individually at 
 time as a " party " and collectively at time as the " party " . 
 background 
 a. seller sell various type of product use in the consumer and food service market . 
 b. buyer sell various type of product , include certain product of the type make by seller , to its customer . 
 c. the party be enter into this agreement to establish the term and condition under which seller may agree to sell specific product to buyer , and 
 buyer may agree to purchase specific product from seller for later resale by buyer to its business customer . 
 agreement 
 1 . term . the " term " of this agreement will commence on the effective date and will end on the early of : ( a ) the first anniversary of the expiration date of 
 the last purchase schedule ( as define in this next section); ( b ) a termination date elect by a party in a write notice deliver to the other party any 
 time after the expiration of the last purchase schedule; or ( c ) a termination date elect by a party in a write notice deliver to the other party as 
 provide in subsection 11(d ) of this agreement . the right and obligation of the party under this agreement will survive the expiration or early 
 termination of this agreement with respect to any ( i ) product purchase and sell under this agreement during the term and product sell after the 
 term for order accept during the term; ( ii ) confidential information ( as define in section 10 of this agreement ) disclose or receive by a party 
 during the term; ( iii ) breach of this agreement by a party; ( iv ) any other statement , decision , act or omission of a party concern or relate to this 
 agreement; ( v ) any dispute ( as define in section 11 of this agreement ) between the party concern or relate to this agreement; ( vi ) product and 
 other material manufacture or maintain by seller in inventory for sale to buyer that buyer be obligate to purchase under a purchase schedule; and 
 ( vii ) any provision that expressly state that it will survive the expiration or early termination of this agreement . 
 2 . scope . this agreement will apply to all product sell by seller to buyer , and all product purchase by buyer from seller , during the term unless the 
 party expressly agree that this agreement will not apply to a particular type of transaction in a separate write document sign by an officer of each 
 party . this agreement will not require seller to sell any type or quantity of a product to buyer , nor will this agreement require buyer to purchase any 
 type or quantity of a product from seller , except as expressly provide by the party in a purchase schedule . the phrase " purchase schedule " will mean a 
 write supplement to this agreement sign by an officer of each party which reference this agreement and which identity , among other term and 
 condition , the specific type and quantity of product that will be purchase and sell by the party on term and condition in the schedule , the 
 specification for the identify product , the duration of the commitment period during which the party will be obligate to purchase and sell the 
 identify product on the term and condition in the schedule , the price of the identify product , any mechanism for adjust the price of the 
 identify product over the commitment period , and the facility at which the identify product will be manufacture , store and deliver by seller . 
 the party may add term and condition to , and amend the term and condition of , this agreement in a purchase schedule , but any additional and 
 amend term and condition in a purchase schedule supplement and modify this agreement will only apply the specific product identify in 
 that purchase schedule for its duration . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 3 . standard operating procedure . over approximately the past eight year , the party have be supply select product to one another for use in 
 the operation of their respective business within the united states of america , canada and mexico . the party develop and be follow certain 
 standard operating procedure in connect with , among other topic , forecasting , production planning , order , deliver and resolve claim on the 
 product supply to one another ( the " current sop " ) . the party will be update their respective business system over the next six month , and the 
 update to these business system will require the party to modify the current sop . once the party have complete the update to the business 
 system and agree on the necessary modification to the current sop , the party will sign a write amendment to this agreement append the 
 update standard operating procedure ( the " update sop " ) . until the party have sign a write amendment append the update sop , the 
 party will continue to follow the current sop . the party will comply with the applicable sop in connection with the purchase and sale of product 
 identify in a purchase schedule . the party may add term and condition to , and amend the term and condition of , the sop in a purchase schedule , 
 but any additional and amend term and condition in a purchase schedule supplement and modify the sop will only apply the specific product 
 identify in that purchase schedule for its duration . 
 4 . order and priority of interpretation . in the event of any conflict , inconsistency or ambiguity between two or more provision in this agreement , 
 include the provision in its exhibit and purchase schedule , the provision in the document will govern , supersede and control over one another in 
 the following order of priority : ( 1st ) a purchase schedule with regard to the purchase and sale of the specific product identify in that purchase 
 schedule for its duration; ( 2nd ) the sop; ( 3rd ) any exhibit to this agreement but only with regard to specific subject matter of the exhibit; and ( 4th ) the 
 main body of this agreement prior to the signature page . 
 5 . general representation , warranty and covenant . a party represent , warrant and covenant on the effective date and at all time during the term 
 that : 
 a. 
 the party be form , register , license and operate its business in compliance with the law of the united states of america , its state 
 and territory , and any district , municipality and other political subdivision of the foregoing ( " applicable law " ) . 
 b. 
 the party be operate its business in compliance with a commercially reasonable code of ethic adopt by such party . 
 c. 
 the party may enter into and perform its obligation under this agreement without be in conflict with , or in breach of , any other 
 agreement of the party . 
 d. 
 the party be solvent , be capable of pay its debt as and when they become due and be pay its debt as and when due . 
 e. 
 the party be not the subject of a criminal investigation nor a defendant in any criminal indictment , petition , complaint or proceed that 
 carry a potential sentence involve incarceration in excess of one year for any director or executive officer of the party involve in the 
 allege criminal misconduct or a fine in excess of 100,000 usd . 
 a party will promptly notify the other party of any change in circumstance during the term in which the party be no long in compliance with the 
 foregoing general representation , warranty and covenant . an incident of actual , alleged or suspect non - compliance by a party with a warranty 
 under this section be investigate , contest or correct in good faith by the party and which , regardless of outcome , will have no material adverse 
 effect on the party or its performance under this agreement or on the other party , will not be consider a breach of this clause . an incident of actual , 
 allege or suspect non - compliance by a party of this section or any other section of this agreement will be ground for the other party to demand 
 adequate assurance of performance as provide by section 2 - 609 of the illinois uniform commercial code . a party will have ten ( 10 ) day to provide 
 adequate assurance of performance to the other party in a form acceptable to the other party in its good faith discretion . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 6 . specific product warranty . seller represent and warrant to buyer that each product sell under this agreement will at the time of delivery to 
 buyer : 
 a. 
 be in new , undamaged and unadulterated condition free of any defect in design , material and manufacture . seller be not make any 
 representation or warranty under this clause with regard to the design of a product to the extent the design constitute , incorporate or 
 otherwise embody intellectual property that buyer have represent and warrant to seller be own by buyer and which buyer have 
 license to seller to manufacture the product for buyer . 
 b. 
 have be manufacture and store by seller at a plant ( and , if applicable under a purchase schedule , a warehouse ) of seller approve in 
 the applicable purchase schedule prior to its delivery to buyer . 
 c. 
 have be manufacture , package , label , sell and deliver by seller , and may be sell by buyer in interstate commerce , in compliance 
 with applicable law , include without limitation with food safety regulation issue by the united states food and drug administration 
 that be applicable to the product . seller will not be in breach of this warranty because an applicable law prohibit , restrict or impose a 
 charge on a product in a district , municipality or other political subdivision of the united states of america or its state or territory . 
 d. 
 comply with the write specification for the product identify in the applicable purchase schedule . 
 e. 
 be fit for the purpose of packaging , selling or use in consume food subject to qualification and instruction on the use of the product in 
 the write specification for the product identify in the applicable purchase schedule . 
 f. 
 be convey by seller to buyer with good and marketable title free and clear of all lien , encumbrance and claim arise by , through or 
 under seller . 
 g. 
 not infringe on any patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other the intellectual property of any third - party register or otherwise 
 recognize and enforceable under applicable law . seller be not make any representation or warranty under this clause with regard to the 
 design of a product to the extent the design constitute , incorporate or otherwise embody intellectual property that buyer have 
 represent and warrant to seller be own by buyer and which buyer have license to seller to manufacture the product for buyer . 
 h. 
 comply with any additional representation and warranty of seller regard the product in the applicable purchase schedule . 
 if a buyer receive a product that fail to conform to these representation and warranty , the sole remedy of buyer for the breach of warranty will be 
 to : ( 1 ) reject and return the non - conforming product to seller for a refund or credit , or a replacement conform product , in the manner and time period 
 provide in the sop; ( 2 ) obtain reimbursement from seller for actual , reasonable , substantiate out - of - pocket expense incur by buyer in the recovery , 
 return or disposal of a non - conforming product that be the subject of a mandatory product recall require under applicable law or a voluntary 
 withdrawal declare by seller or approve by seller ( such approval not to be unreasonably withhold , condition or delayed); and ( 3 ) obtain 
 indemnification from seller for any indemnified claim arise from or relate to the non - conforming product as provide in section 7 . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 7 . indemnification . 
 a. 
 a claim that a party ( refer to at time in this section as an " indemnifying party " ) be require to defend and indemnify the other party 
 ( refer to at time in this section as an " indemnified party " ) under this agreement be refer to at time in this section as an " indemnify 
 claim " . defense and indemnification under this section will include , without limitation , ( 1 ) pay or reimburse the actual , reasonable , 
 substantiate out - of - pocket expense incur in connection with the investigation , defense and settlement of any civil , criminal or 
 administrative action , suit , arbitration , mediation , hearing , audit , investigation or other proceeding threaten or commence against an 
 indemnify party on an indemnified claim ( e.g. , fee and expense of attorney , accountant , auditor , investigator , consult expert , 
 testify expert and other consultants; fee and expense of an arbitrator or mediator; filing fee and cost impose by any court , 
 administrative agency or other tribunal; etc . ) , and ( 2 ) satisfy any judgment , award , order , lien , levy , fine , penalty or other sanction 
 impose against an indemnified party on an indemnified claim . 
 b. 
 seller will defend and indemnify buyer against : ( 1 ) any third - party claim for personal injury , damage to tangible property or other loss to the 
 extent cause by any actual or allege breach of this agreement by seller , include , without limitation , any product supply by seller 
 which fail to conform to the representation and warranty in this agreement; ( 2 ) any third - party claim for personal injury , damage to 
 tangible property or other loss to the extent cause by any actual or alleged negligence or other legally culpable misconduct of seller in the 
 design , manufacture , storage , sale or delivery of any product sell by seller under this agreement or in the performance of other obligation 
 of seller under this agreement; ( 3 ) any third - party claim for actual or alleged infringement of a product sell by seller under this agreement 
 or its design , manufacture , storage , packaging , sale or delivery by seller under this agreement or in the performance of any other obligation 
 of seller under this agreement ( except to the extent that the infringement be base on intellectual property that that buyer have represent 
 and warrant to seller that buyer own and that buyer have license to seller and that seller have use in compliance with the license term 
 in supply the product); ( 4 ) the threat or imposition of any fine , penalty or other sanction by a governmental authority on buyer to the 
 extent cause by any actual or alleged violation by seller of applicable law; or ( 5 ) any other matter that seller have agree to defend and 
 indemnify buyer against under a purchase schedule . 
 c. 
 buyer will defend and indemnify seller against : ( 1 ) any third - party claim for personal injury , damage to tangible property or other loss to the 
 extent cause by any actual or allege breach of this agreement by buyer; ( 2 ) any third - party claim for personal injury , damage to tangible 
 property or other loss to the extent cause by any actual or alleged negligence or other legally culpable misconduct of buyer in the 
 purchase , storage , repackaging , resale or delivery of any product purchase from seller under this agreement or in the performance of other 
 obligation of buyer under this agreement; ( 3 ) any third - party claim for actual or alleged infringement of a product sell by seller under this 
 agreement or its design , manufacture , storage , sale or delivery by seller under this agreement or in the performance of any other obligation 
 of seller under this agreement to the extent base on intellectual property that that buyer have represent and warrant to seller that 
 buyer own and that buyer have license to seller and that seller have use in compliance with the license term in supply the product; ( 4 ) 
 the threat or imposition of any fine , penalty or other sanction by governmental authority on seller to the extent cause by any actual or 
 allege violation by buyer of applicable law; or ( 5 ) any other matter that buyer have agree to defend and indemnify seller against under a 
 purchase schedule . 
 d. 
 as a condition of receive defense and indemnification under this section for an indemnified claim , the indemnified party must : 
 ( 1 ) 
 notify and tender the defense of an indemnified claim to the indemnify party promptly after the indemnified party learn of 
 the indemnified claim; and 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 ( 2 ) 
 provide information and cooperation reasonably request by the indemnify party in the investigation , defense , settlement 
 and satisfaction of the indemnified claim . an indemnify party will reimburse the indemnified party of any reasonable , 
 actual , substantiate out - of - pocket expense incur in provide the request information or cooperation . 
 e. 
 if the indemnify party accept the tender of defense of an indemnified claim , with or without reservation , the indemnify party will : 
 ( 1 ) 
 promptly notify the indemnified party of the acceptance of the tender of defense of the indemnified claim . 
 ( 2 ) 
 control the investigation , defense , settlement and satisfaction of the indemnified claim , include , without limitation , the 
 selection of licensed , qualified and reputable attorney and expert witness and all decision over settlement and litigation 
 strategy . the indemnify party must act in good faith in exercise control over the investigation , defense , settlement and 
 satisfaction of the indemnified claim . 
 ( 3 ) 
 provide information reasonably request by the indemnified party regard the investigation , defense , settlement and 
 satisfaction of the indemnified claim 
 f. 
 an indemnifying party , act in good faith , may settle an indemnified claim for which it be responsible under this agreement involve 
 infringement on the intellectual property of a third - party by : ( 1 ) obtain a license from the third - party allow the require use of its 
 intellectual property; ( 2 ) modify a product , equipment or process in a manner which avoid infringe on the intellectual property of the 
 third - party; or ( 3 ) voluntarily withdraw the infringe product from the market and either refund the amount pay by the indemnified 
 party for the infringe product or replace the infringe product with a non - infringing product . 
 g. 
 the party may disagree on whether a claim be an indemnified claim under this agreement , which party should be consider the 
 indemnify party and indemnify party for an indemnified claim or whether each party be partially liable for an indemnified claim and how 
 liability for such an indemnified claim should be allocate between they . in these and other circumstance in which an actual or potential 
 conflict of interest exist or arise between the party with regard to an alleged or agree upon indemnify claim that would preclude their 
 joint representation by a single defense counsel , the party will endeavor in good faith to attempt to resolve the conflict . if the party be 
 able to resolve the actual or potential conflict of interest , the party will memorialize the agree upon resolution in a write joint defense 
 agreement sign by officer of each party and their joint defense counsel . if the party be unable to resolve the actual or potential conflict 
 of interest , each party may independently and separately investigate , defend , settle and satisfy the claim subject to their right to pursue 
 payment or reimbursement for cost incur in do so from the other party as provide in this agreement . 
 8 . insurance . during the term of this agreement , each party will maintain the following minimum type and amount of insurance coverage during the 
 term of this agreement : 
 a. 
 commercial general liability insurance . occurrence base coverage with a combine single limit of at least 10,000,000 per occurrence 
 and in the aggregate for premise and operations; product and complete operations; contractual liability coverage for indemnity of a 
 party contain within this agreement; broad form property damage ( include complete operations); explosion , collapse and 
 underground hazards; and personal injury . require additional insure endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 b. 
 automobile liability insurance . occurrence base coverage with a combine single limit of at least 10,000,000 per occurrence and in the 
 aggregate for own , non - own , and hire automotive equipment of the party . require additional insure endorsement and waiver of 
 subrogation endorsement . 
 c. 
 worker ’ compensation liability insurance . occurrence base coverage provide benefit in the minimal amount require by applicable 
 law for workplace and work relate injury and illnesse to the employee of a party , include , without limitation , worker compensation 
 act of applicable u.s . states , the u.s . longshoreman ’s and harbor worker compensation act and the u.s . jones act . require alternate 
 employer endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement . 
 d. 
 employer ' liability insurance . occurrence base coverage with a limit of at least 10,000,000 per occurrence or any great limit set by 
 applicable law workplace and work relate injury and illnesse to the employee of a party . require waiver of alternate employer 
 endorsement . 
 e. 
 property insurance . coverage provide " all risk " property insurance at the replacement value of the machinery , equipment , fixture , tool , 
 material and other property of the party . " all risk " coverage will include , by way of example and not limitation , loss or damage result 
 from earthquake , flood , wind , fire or other natural or weather - relate phenomenon . require waiver of subrogation endorsement . 
 all insurer of a party on such policy must have at all time an a.m. good financial rating of at least " a - minus vii " . an insuring party may satisfy the 
 require minimum amount of insurance through a primary policy and one or more excess policy . all insurance of an insure party must be " primary 
 and non - contributory " with respect to any insurance that the other party may maintain , but only with respect to the negligence or other legal liability of 
 the insure party . 
 an insure party must deliver the follow write evidence of the require insurance coverage to the other party ( attention : risk management ) , or its 
 designate insurance monitoring service , within ten ( 10 ) of write request and at least thirty ( 30 ) day in advance of the expiration of a then current 
 policy term ( if a declaration or endorsement be not available from an insurer at the time request or require , an insure party will provide they as soon 
 as the declaration or endorsement be available from the insurer ): 
 i. 
 certificate of insurance confirm that the require insurance coverage and minimal limit be meet for the extend , renew or replacement 
 policy term . 
 ii . 
 declaration page of insurance policy ( or a copy of the binder until the declaration page be available ) confirm that the require 
 insurance coverage and minimal limit be meet for the extend , renew or replacement policy term . 
 iii . 
 copy of additional insured endorsement require for applicable policy in the name and for the benefit of : " [ name of other party ] , 
 its parent , subsidiary and affiliates; any lessor of the foregoing and any mortgagee , deed of trust beneficiary and secured creditor of 
 such lessors; and any successor and assignee of all of the foregoing . " 
 iv . 
 copy of alternate employer endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement require for applicable policy in the name and for the 
 benefit of : " " [ name of other party ] , its parent , subsidiary and affiliates; any lessor of the foregoing and any mortgagee , deed of 
 trust beneficiary and secured creditor of such lessors; and any successor and assignee of all of the foregoing . " 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 a party may maintain any level of deductible on require insurance coverage allow by applicable law . a party may also self - insure any of the require 
 insurance coverage , in whole or in part , if allow by applicable law during any period that the party maintain a tangible net worth in excess of 100 
 million usd and maintain a professionally manage and adequately reserve for and fund self - insurance program . 
 9 . limitation on liability . 
 a. 
 disclaimer of representation and warranty . each party : ( 1 ) disclaim all representation and warranty regard its product , 
 performance , supply information or business , whether oral or write , express or imply , arise by operation of law or otherwise , 
 include , without limitation , the imply warranty of merchantability and the imply warranty of fitness for a particular purpose , other than 
 those express representation and warranty of the party in this agreement; ( 2 ) acknowledge that the party have not rely on , and will not 
 rely on , any representation and warranty of the other party regard its product , performance , supply information or business , 
 whether oral or write , express or imply , arise by operation of law or otherwise , other than those express representation and warranty 
 of the other party in this agreement; and ( 3 ) waive any claim that the party may have base , in whole or in part , on any representation 
 and warranty of the other party regard its product , performance , supply information or business , whether oral or write , express or 
 imply , arise by operation of law or otherwise , other than those express representation and warranty of the other party in this 
 agreement . notwithstanding the foregoing , buyer be entitle to rely on ( i ) the descriptive information in transaction document issue by 
 either party in the ordinary course of business during the term identify the order product ( e.g. , the type and quantity of order 
 product and schedule date and location for delivery ) and ( ii ) fda guaranty letter and other similar write assurance in seller ’s 
 standard form certify that a product complie with applicable law issue by seller to buyer and other u.s . customer in the 
 ordinance course of business during the term . 
 b. 
 exclusion of indirect damages; waiver of claim for insured damage or loss . a party that breach this agreement will only be liable to 
 the other party for direct damage arise from the breach . each party waive any right to recover consequential , incidental , indirect , 
 exemplary , punitive or any other type of indirect damage from the other party for a breach of this agreement . notwithstanding the 
 precede sentence , this subsection will not limit the liability of a party for any amount or type of damage for : ( 1 ) the defense and 
 indemnification of an indemnified claim on which the party be the indemnify party; ( 2 ) infringement by the party on the intellectual 
 property of the other party; ( 3 ) the unauthorized disclosure or use by the party of the confidential information of the other party; ( 4 ) 
 payment or reimbursement of any amount expressly require to be pay or reimburse by the party under a provision of this agreement; or 
 ( 5 ) the intentional misconduct of the party in violation of applicable law . 
 c. 
 force majeure . a party will not be consider in breach of this agreement or liable to the other party for any interruption or delay in 
 performance under this agreement to the extent cause by an event outside of the ability of the perform party to foresee and avoid with 
 the exercise of commercially reasonable effort ( such an event be refer to at time as an event of " force majeure " ) . example of event of 
 force majeure include , without limitation : natural disasters; war; act of terrorism; government action; accident; strike , slowdown and 
 other labor disputes; shortage in or inability to obtain material , equipment , transportation or labor; any breach , negligence , criminal 
 misconduct or other act or omission of any third - party; fire or other insured or uninsured casualty . a party whose performance be 
 interrupt or delay by an event of force majeure will be excuse from the interruption or delay in performance during the event of force 
 majeure and for a commercially reasonable period of additional time after the event of force majeure that the party need to recover from 
 the event of force majeure and restore performance . notwithstanding the foregoing , a party will only be excuse for an interruption or 
 delay in performance under this subsection for an event of force majeure only if the party ( 1 ) promptly notify the other party of the event 
 of force majeure and provide information reasonably request by the other party regard the event of force majeure , the effort 
 undertake by the 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 party to foresee and avoid interruption or delay in its performance before the occurrence of the event , to mitigate interruption or delay in 
 performance during the event , and to recover from and restore performance follow the event; and ( 2 ) the party exercise commercially 
 reasonable effort to mitigate , recover from and restore performance follow the event of force majeure . during , and while recover 
 from and restore performance follow , an event of force majeure , seller will act in good faith in allocate its available manufacturing 
 capacity to supply product to buyer under this agreement and any product to other customer of seller . if an event of force majeure 
 interrupt or delay seller from supply a product to buyer under this agreement in the quantity and timetable require by buyer , buyer 
 may cancel any unfilled order for the product with seller and procure the require quantity of the product from one or more other source 
 until seller have recover from and restore its ability to perform follow the event of force majeure . if the interruption or delay in the 
 supply of a product to buyer under this agreement cause by an event of force majeure have exceed , or be reasonably likely to exceed , 
 thirty ( 30 ) day , buyer may enter into long term supply agreement or make other arrangement to procure the require quantity of the 
 product from one or more other source for a duration and on term acceptable to buyer in its good faith discretion . in such a circumstance , 
 buyer will not have to resume purchase the product from seller under this agreement until seller have recover from and restore its 
 ability to perform follow the event of force majeure and the long term agreement or other arrangement have expire or buyer be able 
 to end they without liability . this subsection will not excuse nor extend a deadline by which a party must pay an amount owe under this 
 agreement or applicable law or by which a party must exercise any right or remedy under this agreement or applicable law . 
 10 . confidential information and other intellectual property . 
 a. 
 the party anticipate exchange confidential information ( as define in in the next subsection ) over the term of this agreement for the 
 purpose of negotiate and enter into purchase schedule and amendment to this agreement , transact business with one in 
 accordance with this agreement and exercise their right and perform their obligation under this agreement ( collectively refer to 
 as the " authorize purpose " ) . 
 b. 
 the phrase " confidential information " mean information meeting all of the following criterion : 
 1 ) 
 the information be a trade secret or other non - public , proprietary information own by a party or its direct and indirect 
 subsidiary under applicable law ( this party be refer to at time in this section as the " disclose party”); and 
 2 ) 
 the other party ( refer to at time in this section as the " receive party " ) request such information from the disclosing 
 party for the authorize purpose during the term ( i.e. , neither party wants unsolicited confidential information from the other 
 party); and 
 3 ) 
 the disclosing party disclose such request information to the receive party during the term either label as 
 " confidential " or word of similar intent , or describe the disclose information in reasonable detail in a write notice to the 
 receive party deliver , either at the time of disclosure or within five ( 5 ) day of disclosure . if a disclosing party neglect to 
 label or deliver timely write notice to the receive party identify the disclose information as confidential in nature , the 
 disclose information will only be treat as confidential information under this agreement if the disclosing party be able to 
 demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that the receive party know that the disclose information be a trade secret 
 or other non - public , proprietary information of the disclosing party at the time of disclosure . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 the criterion in clause ( 2 ) and clause ( 3 ) will not apply to confidential information of a disclosing party observe or hear by a receiving 
 party in a plant , warehouse , facility or system of the disclosing party . the existence and term of this agreement , and the existence , nature 
 and extent of the business relationship between the party , will be consider the confidential information of each party . 
 c. 
 the phrase " confidential information " also mean the know - how of a disclosing party and its direct and indirect subsidiary that a 
 receive party and its direct and indirect subsidiary learn of , acquire or otherwise use prior to the effective date . the phrase 
 " know - how " mean trade secret and other confidential , proprietary information of a party or its affiliate concern the manufacture , 
 storage , packaging , marketing , sale and delivery of its product . example of know - how may be in the form of drawing , equipment 
 specification , formulae , formulation , guideline , manual , method , plan , policy , procedure , process , property and application of 
 raw material and product , tool , die and mold . a receive party and its direct and indirect subsidiary may continue to use the know- 
 how of the disclosing party and its direct and indirect subsidiary in the possession of the receive party and its direct and indirect 
 subsidiary as of the effective date for the authorize purpose and in connection with the operation of the business of the receive party 
 and its direct and indirect subsidiary . nothing in this subsection or any other provision of this agreement will obligate a party to 
 disclose or license the use of its know - how of any kind and in any form arise , discover , acquire or develop after the effective date 
 to the other party . 
 d. 
 the phrase " confidential information " do not include , and there will not be any duty of confidentiality or other restriction under this 
 agreement for , the follow type of information : 
 ( 1 ) 
 information which be or become available as part of the public domain through any mean other than as a result of a breach 
 of this agreement by the receive party; or 
 ( 2 ) 
 information , other than know - how receive prior the effective date , which be know to the receive party before the 
 disclosure of the same information by the disclosing party; or 
 ( 3 ) 
 information which be or become available to the receive party from a third - party who be not under any duty to preserve the 
 confidentiality of such information; or 
 ( 4 ) 
 information which be furnish by the disclosing party to a third - party without impose any duty on the third - party to 
 preserve the confidentiality of such information; or 
 ( 5 ) 
 information which be independently develop by the receive party without the use of or reliance on any trade secret or 
 other non - public , proprietary information provide by the disclosing party as confidential information under this agreement 
 or under any prior agreement between the parties; or 
 ( 6 ) 
 information that cease to be a trade secret or other non - public , proprietary information of the disclosing party under 
 applicable law through any mean other than those enumerate above that do not involve nor result from a breach of this 
 agreement by the receive party . 
 e. 
 a party may request and disclose confidential information in any form or medium . confidential information may include , without limitation , 
 information concern the asset , liability , financing , financial statement , ownership , good , service , customer , supplier , marketing , 
 manufacturing , equipment , software , technology , supply chain , business strategy , plan , model , policy , method , process , formulae , 
 specification , drawing , schematic , software and technical know - how of a disclosing party . a receive party will take all commercially 
 reasonable action require to safeguard the confidential information of a disclosing party in the possession of such receive party 
 against the unauthorized disclosure or use of the confidential information by other person . a receive party will promptly notify the 
 disclose party if the receive party learn of any unauthorized disclosure or use of the confidential information of the disclosing party 
 by any 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 person . a receive party will cooperate in good faith with the disclosing party to prevent any unauthorized disclosure or use of the 
 confidential information of the disclosing party by any person . 
 f. 
 a receive party will not disclose nor use the confidential information of a disclosing party except as follow : 
 ( 1 ) 
 a receive party may disclose confidential information of a disclosing party on a " need to know " basis to the 
 representative of the receive party who require such information for the authorize purpose and in order for the 
 receive party and its affiliate to comply with applicable law , accounting standard and security exchange 
 requirement . before make such a disclosure , the receive party will advise the representative of the confidential nature 
 of the information be share and ensure that duty and restriction be , or have be , impose on the representative 
 receive the confidential information similar to those impose on the receive party under this agreement . a receiving 
 party will be liable for any breach of this agreement by its representative . an " affiliate " of a party mean a legal entity that 
 own and control , or be own and control by , or be under common ownership and control with , a party ( other than the 
 other party or any of its direct and indirect subsidiary ) , with ownership and control of a legal entity be determine by the 
 ownership of the majority voting interest in the legal entity . a " representative " mean the affiliate of a party and the 
 director , officer , manager , employee , accountant , attorney , auditor and other agent and consultant of a party and its 
 affiliate . 
 ( 2 ) 
 a receive party may disclose confidential information of a disclosing party to a court , governmental entity or any other 
 person in order for the receive party and its affiliate to comply with applicable law , accounting standard and security 
 exchange requirement . if legally permissible and reasonably possible , a receive party will notify the disclosing party prior 
 to disclose its confidential information pursuant to this section and cooperate in good faith with any lawful effort by the 
 disclose party to avoid or limit the disclosure of its confidential information . a receive party will not be obligate to 
 incur any liability , expense or risk in extend such cooperation to a disclosing party . base on legal advice of its attorney , a 
 receive party may disclose the confidential information of the disclosing party by any deadline establish under an 
 applicable law , accounting standard and security exchange requirement . 
 ( 3 ) 
 a receive party may disclose and use the confidential information of a disclosing party to enforce or interpret this 
 agreement or any other agreement with the disclosing party in any arbitration , court or other legal proceeding . a receiving 
 party may disclose and use this confidential information of a disclosing party to defend the receive party or its affiliate 
 or their respective representative in any arbitration , court or other legal proceeding . in either circumstance , the receiving 
 party will ensure that a protective order , agreement or other mechanism be in place to preserve the confidentiality of the 
 confidential information . 
 ( 4 ) 
 a receive party and its representative may disclose and use the confidential information for any other purpose 
 consent to by a disclosing party in a write notice sign by an officer of the disclosing party deliver to the receiving 
 party . 
 g. 
 in disclose its confidential information to a receive party , a disclosing party represent , warrant and covenant to the receive party 
 that : 
 ( 1 ) 
 the disclosing party own and have the right to disclose and authorize the use of confidential information as provide in this 
 agreement . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 ( 2 ) 
 the receive party and its representative may use the confidential information of the disclosing party for the authorize 
 purpose and other limited purpose provide in this agreement . 
 ( 3 ) 
 the disclosing party will indemnify , defend and hold harmless the receive party and its representative against any claim 
 of a third - party that the disclosure and use of the confidential information of the disclosing party as provide in this 
 agreement infringe on a patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other intellectual property of the third - party register 
 in or otherwise recognize and enforceable under applicable law . 
 except for the limited representation and warranty in this section , a disclosing party disclaim all other representation and warranty of 
 any kind relate to its confidential information , whether express , imply or arise by operation of law , include the disclaimer , without 
 limitation , of any representation and warranty concern merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , truth , accuracy or 
 completeness . 
 h. 
 the right and obligation of the party under this section with regard to disclose confidential information will continue : 
 ( 1 ) 
 until the early of ( i ) sixty ( 60 ) month from the date of disclosure to a receive party or ( ii ) the date such information cease 
 to be consider confidential information under this agreement , for confidential information that be not a trade secret of a 
 disclose party under applicable law; and 
 ( 2 ) 
 until confidential information that be a trade secret of a disclosing party under applicable law cease to be a trade secret of 
 the disclosing party under applicable law . 
 i. 
 a receive party will return or destroy all form of confidential information of the disclosing party in the custody of the receive party 
 and its representative within ten ( 10 ) day of receipt of a write request from the disclosing party and after the expiration or early 
 termination of this agreement . this will include , without limitation , all copy , record , document and other information represent , 
 comprising , contain , reference or create base on confidential information of the disclosing party . notwithstanding the foregoing , a 
 receive party and its representative may retain copy of confidential information of the disclosing party which ( x ) the receive party 
 and its representative be require to retain to comply with applicable law , accounting standard and security exchange requirement 
 ( but only for the duration and in the manner so require for this limited purpose); or ( y ) have be archive in electronic form by the 
 receive party and its representative and which would be unduly burdensome for the receive party and its representative to have to 
 search for and delete the confidential information of the disclosing party . 
 j. 
 except for the limited right to disclose and use confidential information of a disclosing party for the authorize purpose and other 
 purpose provide in the this section and except for any license of intellectual property grant by a disclosing party to the receiving 
 party in a purchase schedule , this agreement do not grant a receive party or its representative any right , title , interest or ownership 
 in the confidential information of the disclosing party nor in any patent , trademark , copyright or other intellectual property of the 
 disclosing party . as between the party during the term , to be effective , the grant of any right , title , interest and ownership in and to any 
 confidential information of party or in an patent , trademark , copyright and other intellectual property of the party must be in writing and 
 sign by the chief executive officer of the party . during the term , a party will not develop intellectual property for , on behalf of , or in 
 collaboration with , the other party unless the party have enter into a purchase schedule or other separate write agreement sign by 
 an officer of each party . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 11 . dispute resolution . 
 a. 
 negotiation . if a party believe that the other party have breach this agreement or if there be a dispute between the party over the 
 interpretation of this agreement ( a " dispute " ) , the party will endeavor to resolve the dispute through good faith negotiation for a period 
 of thirty ( 30 ) day after a party notifie the other party of the dispute and before either party request mediation or file litigation to resolve 
 the dispute . 
 b. 
 mediation . if the party have be unable to resolve a dispute through good faith negotiation as provide in the prior subsection , a party 
 may request that the party attempt to resolve the dispute through mediation by notify the other party with a copy to jam . the 
 party will attempt to select a mutually acceptable jam mediator within ten ( 10 ) day of the notice request mediation . the mediation 
 will be hold in lake county or cook county , illinois within thirty ( 30 ) day of the notice request mediation before a jam mediator and 
 in compliance with jam mediation guideline . each party will bear its own cost in prepare for and participate in the mediation and 
 one - half of the fee and expense charge by jam for conduct the mediation . 
 c. 
 litigation . if the party have be unable to resolve a dispute through mediation as provide in the prior subsection , a party may file 
 litigation against the other party in a court of competent jurisdiction in the united states of america . with respect to litigation involve 
 only the party or their affiliate , the party irrevocably consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the u.s . federal and 
 illinois state court of competent subject matter jurisdiction locate in lake county , illinois or cook county , illinois and their respective 
 high court of appeal for the limited purpose of resolve a dispute , and the party waive , to the full extent permit by law , any 
 defense of inconvenient forum . the party waive any right to trial by jury as to any dispute resolve through litigation . notwithstanding 
 the foregoing , a party may file litigation to resolve a dispute without undergo either negotiation or mediation as provide in the prior 
 subsection for any dispute involve : ( i ) infringement on intellectual property; ( ii ) the unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential 
 information; or ( iii ) a request for a temporary restraining order , a preliminary or permanent injunction or any other type of equitable relief . 
 d. 
 remedy . except as expressly limit in the precede subsection and the other provision in this agreement , a party may immediately 
 exercise any right and remedy available to the party under applicable law upon a breach of this agreement by the other party . a party 
 will not suspend performance under or terminate this agreement or any accept purchase order for a product be purchase and sell 
 under this agreement unless : ( 1 ) the other party be in material breach of this agreement and have either refuse to cure the material breach or 
 have fail to cure the material breach within thirty ( 30 ) day of its receipt of write notice of the failure; and ( 2 ) the party have be unable 
 to resolve the dispute relate to the material breach through negotiation or mediation , or the breach party have refuse or fail to 
 attempt to resolve the dispute through negotiation or mediation , as provide in this section . notwithstanding the foregoing , a party may 
 suspend performance or terminate this agreement or any accept purchase order for a product be purchase and sell under this 
 agreement immediately on write notice to the other party , and without provide the other party an opportunity to cure the material 
 breach or attempt to resolve a dispute over the material breach by negotiation or mediation as provide in this section , for a material 
 breach by the other party involve substantial harm to the reputation , goodwill and business of the non - breaching party that can not 
 reasonably be avoid or fully redress by provide the other party an opportunity to cure the material breach . 
 e. 
 late fee and collection cost . if buyer fail to pay seller an amount owe under this agreement by the invoice due date , then buyer will 
 owe seller : ( i ) the delinquent amount; and ( ii ) a late payment fee equal to two percent ( 2 ) of the delinquent amount for each full or partial 
 calendar month past the invoice due date that the delinquent amount remain unpaid . in addition , if seller have to file 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 litigation to collect the amount owe and seller prevail in the litigation , buyer will reimburse seller for actual , reasonable , substantiate 
 out - of - pocket expense incur by seller in collect the delinquent amount and accrue late payment fee on the delinquent amount . 
 under no circumstance will the late payment fee payable to seller exceed the amount that a creditor may lawfully impose on a debtor on a 
 delinquent amount under applicable law . 
 12 . miscellaneous . 
 a. 
 entire agreement . this agreement , include its appended exhibit and purchase schedule enter into during the term , constitute the 
 entire agreement between the party with respect to the sale of product by seller to buyer and the purchase of product by buyer from 
 seller . this agreement supersede all prior and simultaneous representation , discussion , negotiation , letter , proposal , agreement and 
 understanding , whether written or oral , with respect to this subject matter . this agreement will not be bind on either party unless and 
 until sign by the chief executive officer of each party . no handwritten or other addition , deletion or other modification to the print 
 portion of this agreement will be bind upon either party to this agreement . 
 b. 
 amendment . a party may not amend nor supplement the term and condition in this agreement through the inclusion of additional or 
 different term and condition in any quotation , purchase order , invoice , bill of lading , letter , email or other document or communication . 
 this section do not prevent the reliance on the descriptive information in transaction document identify the order product ( e.g. , 
 the type and quantity of order product and schedule date and location for delivery ) . no amendment of this agreement will be valid or 
 effective unless make in writing and sign and exchange by the chief executive officer of the party . a party may approve or reject a 
 request for an amendment in its sole and absolute discretion . 
 c. 
 waiver . the failure of either party to insist in any one or more instance upon strict performance of any of the provision of this agreement 
 or to take advantage of any of its right shall not operate as a continue waiver of such right . no right or obligation under this agreement 
 will be consider to have be waive by a party unless such waiver be in writing and be sign by an officer of the waive party and 
 deliver to the other party . no consent to or waiver of a breach by either party will constitute a consent to , waiver of , or excuse for any 
 other , different , or subsequent breach by such party . 
 d. 
 governing law . this agreement and all claim or cause of action arise out of or relate to this agreement shall be govern in all 
 respect , include as to validity , interpretation and effect , by the law of the state of illinois and the united states of america , without 
 give effect to its principle or rule of conflict of law . the united nations convention on contract for the international sale of good 
 will not govern or otherwise be applicable to this agreement . 
 e. 
 severability . if any term of provision of this agreement , or the application thereof shall be find invalid , void or unenforceable by any 
 government or governmental organization have jurisdiction over the subject matter , the remain provision , and any application thereof , 
 shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect . 
 f. 
 assignment . this agreement , its right and obligation , be not assignable or transferable by either party , in whole or in part , except with the 
 prior write consent of the other party , which consent will not be unreasonably withhold , condition or delay . notwithstanding the 
 foregoing , either party may transfer and assign this agreement to any of its affiliate or in connection with any merger , consolidation or sale 
 of asset without the other party ’s prior consent provide ( a ) that any such assignment will not result in the assign party be release 
 or discharge from any liability under this agreement , and ( b ) the purchaser / assignee will expressly assume all obligation of the assign 
 party under this agreement . the assign party will provide the other party with write 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 notice of such assignment prior to or promptly follow the effective date of such assignment . a change of control shall be deem an 
 assignment require consent hereunder provide that any transfer or assignment that result in seller ’s and buyer ’s current common 
 parent , reynolds group holdings limit , cease to control either party shall not require consent of the other party . the restriction in this 
 section will not preclude a party for authorize an affiliate to purchase or sell a product on behalf of a party under this agreement . subject 
 to the foregoing , all of the term , condition and provision of this agreement shall be bind upon and shall inure to the benefit of the 
 successor and assignee of the respective party . 
 g. 
 third party beneficiary . except as otherwise provide in a purchase schedule , there be no intended third - party beneficiary of this 
 agreement . 
 h. 
 good faith and cooperation . except where this agreement state that a party may expressly exercise a right or render a decision in its 
 " sole and absolute discretion " , a party will exercise its right under this agreement in its good faith business judgment . a party will perform 
 its obligation under this agreement in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with industry practice and in compliance with 
 applicable law . a party will promptly take such action , provide such information and sign such document as the other party may 
 reasonably request to obtain the benefit and exercise the right grant , and to perform the obligation impose , under this agreement . 
 i. 
 notice . any notice require or permit to be provide by a party under this agreement will be make to the notice address of the 
 receive party set forth below or to an alternate notice address later designate by the receive party in accordance with this subsection . 
 notice will be effective upon actual receipt by the receive party . an emailed notice will be effective against a receive party only if the 
 receive party acknowledge receipt of the emailed notice in a return notice to the notify party . a receive party agree to acknowledge 
 receipt of an email notice in good faith promptly follow receipt . a party may change its address for notice by give notice to the other 
 party pursuant to this subsection . 
 address for notice to buyer : 
 pactiv llc 
 1900 west field court 
 lake forest , il 60045 
 attn : john mcgrath , chief executive officer 
 email : jmcgrathpactiv.com 
 for any notice concern default or termination , with a copy to : 
 pactiv llc 
 1900 west field court 
 lake forest , il 60045 
 attn : steven r. karl , general counsel 
 email : skarlpactiv.com 
 address for notice to seller : 
 reynold consumer product llc 
 1900 w. field court 
 lake forest , il 60045 
 attention : lance mitchell , chief executive officer 
 email : lance.mitchellreynoldsbrands.com 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 for any notice concern default or termination , with a copy to : 
 reynold consumer product llc 
 1900 w. field court 
 lake forest , il 60045 
 attention : david watson , general counsel 
 email : david.watsonreynoldsbrands.com 
 j. 
 independent contractor . the relationship of the party establish by this agreement be that of independent contractor , and nothing 
 contain in this agreement shall be construe to : ( a ) give either party the power to direct and control the day - to - day activity of the other 
 party , ( b ) establish the party as partner , joint venture , co - owner or otherwise as participant in a joint or common undertaking , or ( c ) 
 allow a party to bind the other party in any manner or otherwise create or assume any obligation on behalf of the other party for any 
 purpose whatsoever . a party will not be consider an agent of the other party . 
 k. 
 non - exclusive supply relationship . except as may be provide in a purchase schedule , the agreement be not evidence of , nor do it 
 create , any form of exclusive supply relationship between the party concern the purchase and sale of product . except as may be 
 provide in a purchase schedule and for the type and quantity of product in an accept purchase order , nothing in the agreement 
 obligate a party to sell or purchase any specify volume , market share or other minimum level of product during the term . 
 l. 
 construction . unless the context otherwise require , the follow rule of construction will be apply to in the interpretation of the 
 agreement : ( 1 ) heading be for convenience only and do not affect interpretation; ( 2 ) singular include the plural and vice - versa; ( 3 ) 
 gender include all genders; ( 4 ) if a word or phrase be define , its other grammatical form have a correspond meaning; ( 5 ) the meaning 
 of general word be not limit by specific example introduce by " include " , " include " or " for example " or similar expressions; ( 6 ) the 
 word " person " include an individual , corporation , company , trust , partnership , limited partnership , unincorporated body , joint venture , 
 consortium or other legal entity; ( 7 ) a reference in any purchase schedule or exhibit to an article , section , subsection or clause be a 
 reference to an article , section , subsection or clause in that purchase schedule or exhibit unless otherwise identified; ( 8) reference to a 
 purchase schedule or exhibit be a reference to a schedule , exhibit describe , append or otherwise identify in this agreement; ( 9 ) a 
 reference to conduct include , without limitation , an omission , statement or undertaking , whether or not in writing; ( 10 ) a reference to a 
 third - party be a reference to a person who be not a party to this agreement; ( 11 ) where a period of time be specify for the performance of 
 any act and date from a give day or the day of an act or event , the period shall be exclusive of that date; and ( 12 ) the party agree that the 
 agreement be the product of negotiation between sophisticated party and individual , all of whom be or have be give the 
 opportunity to be represent by counsel , and each of whom have an opportunity to participate in , and do participate in , negotiation of the 
 term hereof . accordingly , the party acknowledge and agree that the agreement be not a contract of adhesion and that ambiguity in the 
 agreement , if any , shall not be construe strictly or in favor of or against either party , but rather shall be give a fair and reasonable 
 construction . 
 m. 
 execution . this agreement may be execute in any number of counterpart , each of which shall be deem an original as against the party 
 whose signature appear thereon , but all of which take together shall constitute but one and the same instrument . acceptance of this 
 agreement may be make by e - mail , mail or other commercially reasonable mean show the signature of the chief executive officer of 
 the party . 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019 
 in witness whereof , seller and buyer have execute this master supply agreement as of the effective date . 
 reynold consumer product llc , as seller 
 by : //s// lance mitchell 
 lance mitchell 
 chief executive officer 
 pactiv llc , as buyer 
 by : //s// john mcgrath 
 john mcgrath 
 chief executive officer 
 source : reynold consumer products inc . , s-1 , 11/15/2019