exhibit   10.5 
 execution   version 
 transportation   service   agreement 
 this   transportation   service   agreement   ( this   " agreement " )   be   make   and   enter   into   this   14th   day   of   april ,   2015   ( the   " effective   date " ) ,   by 
 and   between   penntex   north   louisiana   operating ,   llc ,   a   delaware   limit   liability   company   ( " carrier " ) ,   and   mrd   operating   llc ,   a   delaware 
 limit   liability   company   ( " shipper " ) .   shipper   and   carrier   may   be   refer   to   individually   as   a   " party , "   or   collectively   as   the   " party . " 
 witnesseth : 
 whereas ,   shipper   have   title   to   or   the   right   to   transport   and/or   sell   shipper   product   ( as   define   below);   and 
 whereas ,   shipper   desire   for   carrier   to   ( i )   design ,   engineer   and   construct   the   system   ( as   define   below )   to   enable   carrier   to   be   able   to 
 provide   transportation   and   relate   service   for   shipper   product   and   ( ii )   transport   shipper   product   on   the   system;   and 
 whereas ,   carrier   desire   to   ( i )   design ,   engineer   and   construct   the   system   and   ( ii )   transport   shipper   product   on   the   system . 
 now   therefore ,   in   consideration   of   the   mutual   promise ,   covenant   and   agreement   herein   contain ,   the   party   hereby   covenant   and 
 agree   as   follow : 
 article   I 
 certain   definition 
 unless   otherwise   require   by   the   content ,   the   term   define   in   this   article   I   shall   have ,   for   all   purpose   of   this   agreement ,   the   respective 
 meaning   set   forth   in   this   article   I : 
 " affiliate "   shall   mean ,   when   use   with   respect   to   any   person ,   any   other   person   that ,   directly   or   indirectly ,   through   one   or   more 
 intermediary ,   control ,   be   control   by ,   or   be   under   common   control   with   such   person .   for   this   purpose ,   " control "   of   any   person   shall   mean   the 
 possession ,   directly   or   indirectly ,   of   the   power   to   direct   or   cause   the   direction   of   the   management   and   policy   of   such   person ,   by   ownership   of 
 voting   interest ,   by   contract   or   otherwise .   for   the   purpose   of   this   agreement ,   ( i )   with   respect   to   penntex   midstream   partner ,   llc   and   its 
 subsidiary ,   the   term   " affiliate "   shall   exclude   memorial   resource   development   corp .   and   each   of   its   subsidiary   and   ( ii )   with   respect   to   memorial 
 resource   development   corp .   and   its   subsidiary ,   the   term   " affiliate "   shall   exclude   penntex   midstream   partner ,   llc   and   each   of   its   subsidiary . 
 " ami / mea   agreement "   shall   mean   that   certain   amend   and   restate   area   of   mutual   interest   and   midstream   exclusivity   agreement 
 date   april   14 ,   2015   among   penntex   north   louisiana ,   llc ,   shipper ,   penntex   nla   holding ,   llc   and   mrd   whr   la   midstream   llc ,   as   such 
 agreement   may   be   amend ,   supplement   or   otherwise   modify   from   time   to   time . 
 " agreement "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   preamble   of   this   agreement . 
 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 " applicable   law "   shall   mean   all   applicable   law ,   statute ,   directive ,   code ,   ordinance ,   rule ,   regulation ,   municipal   by - law ,   judicial , 
 arbitral ,   administrative ,   ministerial ,   departmental   or   regulatory   judgment ,   order ,   decision ,   ruling   or   award ,   consent   order ,   consent   decree   and 
 policy   of   any   governmental   authority . 
 " business   day "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   tariff . 
 " carrier "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   preamble   of   this   agreement . 
 " carrier   default "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   8.3   of   this   agreement . 
 " carrier   default   notice "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   8.4   of   this   agreement . 
 " carrier   force   majeure "   shall   mean   an   event   of   force   majeure   that   prevent   carrier   from   provide   all   or   part   of   the   service   and   shall   not 
 include   a   force   majeure   that   prevent   shipper   from   deliver   shipper   product   hereunder . 
 " central   clock   time "   shall   mean   central   standard   time ,   as   adjust   for   central   daylight   time . 
 " claim "   shall   mean   any   and   all   claim ,   demand   and   cause   of   action   of   any   kind   and   all   loss ,   damage ,   liability ,   cost   and   expense   of 
 whatever   nature   ( include   court   cost   and   reasonable   attorney '   fee ) . 
 " commencement   date "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   2.2   of   this   agreement . 
 " commencement   date   facility "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   7.2   of   this   agreement . 
 " contract   year "   shall   mean   a   period   commencing   at   9:00   a.m. ,   central   clock   time ,   on   the   commencement   date   and   end   at   9:00   a.m. ,   central 
 clock   time   on   the   same   day   and   calendar   month   of   the   follow   calendar   year   and   thereafter   for   succeed   period   of   twelve   ( 12 )   consecutive 
 month   each . 
 " day "   or   " daily "   shall   mean   a   period   of   hour   commencing   at   9:00   a.m. ,   central   clock   time ,   on   a   calendar   day   and   end   at   9:00   a.m. ,   central 
 clock   time ,   on   the   next   succeed   calendar   day . 
 " dedicate   rate "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   tariff . 
 " dedication "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   7.1   of   this   agreement 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 " delivery   point "   shall   mean   the   delivery   point   at   the   interconnection   of   the   system   with   dcp ’s   6 "   black   lake   natural   gas   liquid   pipeline   and 
 other   mutually   agreeable   delivery   point   near   ada ,   bienville   parish ,   louisiana   as   provide   in   the   tariff . 
 " dispute "   shall   mean   any   controversy   or   claim ,   whether   base   on   contract ,   tort ,   statute   or   other   legal   or   equitable   theory   ( include ,   but   not 
 limit   to ,   any   claim   of   fraud ,   misrepresentation   or   fraudulent   inducement   or   any   question   of   validity   or   effect   of   this   agreement   include   this 
 clause )   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   this   agreement   ( include   any   amendment   or   extension ) ,   or   breach   or   termination   thereof . 
 " dispute   notice "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   12.2   of   this   agreement . 
 " effective   date "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   preamble   to   this   agreement . 
 " ferc "   shall   mean   the   united   state   federal   energy   regulatory   commission   and   any   lawful   successor   agency   thereto . 
 " financial   assurance "   shall   mean   any   guarantee ,   letter   of   credit ,   amendment   or   supplement   thereto   or   other   credit   enhancement   provide 
 for   in   article   xiii   of   this   agreement . 
 " force   majeure "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   11.2   of   this   agreement . 
 " gallon "   mean   one   ( 1 )   u.s .   gallon . 
 " gas "   shall   mean   any   mixture   of   gaseous   hydrocarbon ,   consist   essentially   of   methane   and   heavy   hydrocarbon   and   inert   and 
 noncombustible   gas   that   be   extract   from   the   subsurface   of   the   earth . 
 " governmental   authority "   shall   mean   ( i )   the   united   state   of   america ,   ( ii )   any   state ,   county ,   parish ,   municipality   or   other   governmental 
 subdivision   within   the   united   state   of   america ,   and   ( iii )   any   court   or   any   governmental   department ,   commission ,   board ,   bureau ,   agency   or   other 
 instrumentality   of   the   united   state   of   america   or   of   any   state ,   county ,   municipality   or   other   governmental   subdivision   within   the   united   state   of 
 america . 
 " guarantee "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   13.1   of   this   agreement . 
 " interest "   shall   mean   any   right ,   title ,   or   interest   in   land ,   well ,   or   lease   and   the   right   to   produce   oil   and/or   natural   gas   therefrom   whether 
 arise   from   fee   ownership ,   work   interest   ownership ,   mineral   ownership ,   leasehold   ownership ,   farm - out   or   arise   from   any   pooling ,   unitization 
 or   communitization   of   any   of   the   forego   right . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 " lincoln   parish   plant "   shall   mean   that   certain   natural   gas   processing   plant   to   be   construct   by   carrier   or   one   of   its   affiliate   and   locate   in 
 arcadia ,   lincoln   parish ,   louisiana . 
 " loss "   shall   mean   any   actual   loss ,   cost ,   expense ,   liability ,   damage ,   demand ,   suit ,   sanction ,   claim ,   judgment ,   lien ,   fine   or   penalty ,   include 
 attorney '   fee ,   assert   by   a   third   party   not   affiliate   with   the   party   incur   such ,   and   which   be   incur   by   the   applicable   indemnify   person 
 on   account   of   injury   ( include   death )   to   any   person   or   damage   to   or   destruction   of   any   property ,   sustain   or   allege   to   have   be   sustain   in 
 connection   with   or   arise   out   of   the   matter   for   which   the   indemnify   party   have   indemnify   the   applicable   indemnify   person . 
 " month "   shall   mean   a   period   of   time   begin   at   9:00   a.m. ,   central   clock   time   on   the   first   day   of   a   calendar   month   and   end   at   9:00   a.m. , 
 central   clock   time   on   the   first   day   of   the   next   succeed   calendar   month . 
 " mount   olive   plant "   shall   mean   that   certain   natural   gas   processing   plant   to   be   construct   by   carrier   or   one   of   its   affiliate   and   locate   in 
 ruston ,   lincoln   parish ,   louisiana . 
 " new   facility "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   7.3   of   this   agreement . 
 " nomination "   ( include   " nominates "   and   the   syntactical   variant   thereof )   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   tariff . 
 " party "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   preamble   of   this   agreement . 
 " party "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   preamble   of   this   agreement . 
 " person "   shall   mean   any   individual ,   firm ,   corporation ,   trust ,   partnership ,   limit   liability   company ,   association ,   joint   venture ,   other   business 
 enterprise   or   governmental   authority . 
 " plant "   shall   mean   ( i )   the   lincoln   parish   plant ,   ( ii )   the   mount   olive   plant   and   ( iii )   any   other   gas   processing   plant   own   by   carrier   or   its 
 affiliate   that   be   capable   of   extract   shipper   product   and   transporting   such   shipper   product   from   the   tailgate   of   such   plant   to   the   system .   " plant " 
 shall   mean   any   of   such   plant . 
 " product "   shall   mean   a   demethanize   mixture   of   natural   gas   liquid   comprise   primarily   of   ethane ,   propane ,   iso - butane ,   normal   butane ,   iso- 
 pentane ,   normal   pentane ,   hexane   and   heavy   hydrocarbon ,   incidental   volume   of   methane ,   as   well   as   other   non - hydrocarbon   compound . 
 " receipt   point "   shall   mean   the   receipt   point   provide   for   in   the   tariff   at   the   tailgate   of   the   plant   where   carrier   accept   product   for 
 transport   on   the   system . 
 " service "   shall   mean   receipt   and   transportation   on   the   system   of   product   for   shipper ’s   account   from   the   receipt   point   and   delivery   to   the 
 destination   point   specify   in   shipper ’s   nomination . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 " shipper "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   preamble   of   this   agreement . 
 " shipper   default "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   8.1   of   this   agreement . 
 " shipper   default   notice "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   8.2(a )   of   this   agreement . 
 " shipper   product "   shall   mean   product   that   be   attributable   to   gas   that   be   deliver   by   customer   or   its   designee   to ,   and   process   at ,   a   plant . 
 " shipper ’s   dedicate   rate "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   6.1   of   this   agreement . 
 " system "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   the   tariff . 
 " tariff "   shall   mean   carrier ’s   rate ,   rule   and   regulation   tariff   for   the   system   on   file   and   in   effect   with   the   ferc   or   other   governmental 
 authority ,   as   such   tariff   may   be   amend   or   supplement   by   carrier   from   time   to   time   in   accordance   with   this   agreement ,   a   pro   forma   copy   of 
 which ,   materially   in   the   form   expect   to   be   file   by   carrier   with   the   ferc ,   be   attach   hereto   as   exhibit   a. 
 " tariff   rate   revision   proceeding "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   14.3 . 
 " taxis "   shall   mean   any   or   all   current   or   future   taxis ,   fee ,   levy ,   charge ,   assessment   and/or   other   imposition   levy ,   charge ,   impose , 
 assess   or   collect   by   any   governmental   authority   have   jurisdiction . 
 " term "   shall   have   the   meaning   give   to   such   term   in   section   2.1   of   this   agreement . 
 " third   party   operator "   mean   an   operator   of   a   pipeline   or   other   facility   upstream   or   downstream   of   the   system ,   other   than   carrier   or   its 
 affiliate . 
 article   ii 
 term 
 2.1   term .   this   agreement   shall   commence   on   the   effective   date   and   continue   in   full   force   and   effect   until   the   end   of   the   fifteenth   ( 15th ) 
 contract   year ,   and   shall   continue   in   full   force   and   effect   thereafter   until   terminate   by   either   party   by   provide   thirty   ( 30 )   calendar   day '   prior 
 write   notice   of   termination   to   the   other   party   ( such   fifteen   ( 15 )   contract   year   period ,   as   may   be   far   extend   as   provide   herein   be   refer   to 
 as   the   " term " ) . 
 2.2   commencement   date .   the   " commencement   date "   under   this   agreement   shall   be   the   first   day   of   the   month   follow   the   date   carrier 
 notifie   shipper   that   ( i )   carrier   have   obtain   all   require   operating   permit   and/or   approval   of   regulatory   authority   necessary   to   operate   the 
 system ,   ( ii )   the   system   be   operational   to   the   extent   necessary   to   commence   the 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 service   hereunder ,   and   ( iii )   the   delivery   point   list   on   schedule   a   be   operational   and   all   necessary   interconnect   agreement   with   interconnect 
 pipeline   necessary   to   deliver   shipper   product   to   such   delivery   point   be   in   effect   to   the   extent   necessary   to   commence   commercial   service   with 
 respect   to   the   delivery   ( but ,   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   not   the   further   downstream   transportation )   of   shipper   product .   carrier   will   not   be 
 responsible   for   delay   to   the   commencement   date   due   to   the   action   or   inaction   of   shipper   or   third   party   operator . 
 article   iii 
 [ reserve ] 
 article   iv 
 carrier   right   and   obligation 
 4.1   provision   of   service .   subject   to   the   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement ,   carrier   shall ,   commence   on   the   commencement   date   and 
 continue   through   the   remainder   of   the   term   of   this   agreement ,   provide   service   for   shipper   product   in   accordance   with ,   and   subject   to ,   this 
 agreement ,   include   the   tariff ,   which   be   incorporate   herein   by   reference   and   constitute   part   of   this   agreement ,   expressly   include   provision   in 
 the   tariff   relate   to   the   charge   and   rule   and   regulation   applicable   to   shipper   as   a   party   to   this   agreement .   this   section   4.1   shall   not   apply   to 
 carrier   during   any   period   when   shipper   be   in   breach   of   its   obligation   to   carrier   under   this   agreement   or   the   tariff .   the   service   do   not   include   any 
 terminaling ,   tankage   or   storage . 
 article   v 
 shipper   right   and   obligation 
 5.1   tariff .   shipper ’s   nomination   and   tender   of   product   for   shipment ,   and   carrier ’s   scheduling ,   acceptance ,   transporting ,   measure   and 
 deliver   of   product ,   shall ,   at   all   time ,   be   subject   to ,   and   implement   in   accordance   with   the   tariff .   shipper   shall   comply   with   the   tariff   at   all 
 time .   the   tariff   be   subject   to   amendment   by   carrier   in   accordance   with   section   15.1 . 
 5.2   shipper   reliance   on   carrier   performance .   all   shipper   product   receive   at   the   receipt   point   for   service   hereunder   be   deem   to   be   in 
 compliance   with   all   product   specification   set   forth   in   the   tariff   or   carrier   shall   waive   such   specification   to   accept   shipper   product   and   all   shipper 
 product   deliver   to   the   delivery   point   hereunder   shall   be   in   compliance   with   all   product   specification   set   forth   in   the   tariff . 
 article   vi 
 fee 
 6.1   transportation   rate .   shipper   shall   pay   rate   for   shipper   product   transport   on   the   system   in   accordance   with   the   tariff ,   which   shall ,   to 
 the   extent   permit   by   applicable   law ,   provide   for   the   following : 

 ( a ) 
 for   all   shipper   product   transport   on   the   system   and   deliver   to   a   delivery   point   each   month ,   shipper   shall   pay   carrier   a 
 transportation   fee   for   such   month 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 

 equal   to   the   applicable   dedicate   rate ,   which   shall   initially   be   the   rate(s )   set   forth   in   schedule   a   attach   hereto ,   and   which 
 shall   be   increase   by   carrier   annually ,   effective   july   1   of   each   year   follow   the   commencement   date ,   as   provide   in   the   tariff 
 ( " shipper ’s   dedicate   rate " ) . 
 6.2   regulation   change .   notwithstanding   anything   herein   to   the   contrary ,   in   the   event   that ,   after   the   effective   date ,   any   governmental 
 authority   promulgate ,   issue   or   change   any   rule ,   regulation   or   other   mandate   that   impose   any   material   fee ,   charge   or   cost   upon   carrier   in 
 connection   with   the   performance   of   the   service   perform   hereunder ,   exclude   normal   fee ,   charge   or   cost   that   be   incur   by   carrier 
 irrespective   of   whether   carrier   provide   the   service   on   behalf   of   shipper   and   exclude   taxis   address   in   article   xvii ,   then   carrier   may   increase 
 the   then - effective   shipper ’s   dedicate   rate   by   up   to   ten   percent   ( 10 )   to   account   for   such   fee ,   charge   or   cost   ( to   the   extent   such   fee ,   charge 
 or   cost   be   attributable   to   shipper   product);   provide ,   however ,   the   cumulative   effect   of   all   such   increase   pursuant   to   this   section   6.2   may   not 
 exceed   thirty   percent   ( 30 )   of   the   initial   shipper ’s   dedicate   rate   ( as   the   same   may   be   adjust   pursuant   to   the   tariff   from   time   to   time ) .   if ,   in 
 carrier ’s   reasonable   judgment ,   an   increase   in   shipper ’s   dedicate   rate   of   more   than   ten   percent   ( 10 )   would   be   require   to   place   carrier   in 
 substantially   the   same   economic   position   as   it   be   in   prior   to   the   imposition   or   assessment   of   such   fee ,   charge   or   cost ,   carrier   may   call   for   a 
 meeting   among   the   party '   senior   management   to   take   place   within   thirty   ( 30 )   day   of   write   notice   to   shipper ,   and   the   party   shall   negotiate   in 
 good   faith   to   amend   the   provision   of   this   agreement   such   that   the   party   be   in   substantially   the   same   relative   economic   position   as   they   be   in 
 prior   to   the   imposition   or   assessment   of   such   fee ,   charge   or   cost .   if   the   party   be   unable   to   agree   on   an   economic   adjustment   within   sixty   ( 60 ) 
 day   of   the   senior   management   meeting ,   then   carrier   may ,   in   its   sole   discretion ,   terminate   this   agreement   without   penalty   by   deliver   shipper 
 write   notice   of   carrier ’s   intent   to   terminate .   such   termination   shall   be   effective ,   at   the   option   of   shipper ,   ( i )   as   of   9:00   a.m.   on   the   first   day   of   the 
 month   which   follow   the   month   that   carrier   deliver   its   notice   of   intent   to   terminate ,   or   ( ii )   as   of   9:00   a.m.   on   the   first   day   of   the   month   which   be 
 twelve   ( 12 )   month   after   such   date ,   provide   that   shipper ’s   dedicate   rate   for   such   twelve   ( 12 )   month   period   before   such   termination   shall   be 
 increase   to   place   carrier   in   substantially   the   same   economic   position   as   it   be   in   prior   to   the   imposition   or   assessment   of   such   fee ,   charge ,   or 
 cost .   shipper   shall   exercise   such   option   by   delivery   of   write   notice   to   carrier   of   shipper ’s   election   within   ten   ( 10 )   business   day   of   receipt   of 
 carrier ’s   notice   to   terminate ,   provide   that   if   shipper   have   not   respond   to   carrier   by   the   time   describe   in   clause   ( i )   above ,   the   agreement   shall 
 continue   pursuant   to   clause   ( ii )   above . 
 shipper   shall   be   entitle   to   audit   carrier ’s   applicable   book   and   record   for   the   limit   purpose   of   determine   if   the   amount   of   any   increase 
 pursuant   to   this   section   6.2   be   justify   by   the   actually - incur   and   reasonable   amount   of   the   aggregate   cost   and/or   expense   relate   to   the 
 system;   provide ,   however ,   such   audit   shall   not   require   carrier   to   disclose   confidential   information   of   any   person   other   than   shipper   who   be   a 
 shipper   on   the   system .   if   such   audit   shall   reflect   that   such   increase   be   not   justifiable   in   accordance   with   the   foregoing ,   carrier   shall   promptly 
 credit   the   amount   of   such   discrepancy   to   shipper ,   unless   carrier   disagree   with   the   result   of   such   audit ,   in   which   case   the   matter   shall   be   resolve 
 pursuant   to   the   dispute   resolution   provision   set   forth   in   article   xii   hereof . 
 6.3   governmental   modification .   notwithstanding   anything   herein   to   the   contrary ,   the   party   acknowledge   that   the   tariff   rate   payable   for   all 
 service   be   subject   to   the   approval   of   and   modification   by   the   ferc   or   any   other   governmental   authority   have   jurisdiction . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 article   vii 
 dedication   &   facility 
 7.1   dedication .   during   the   term ,   subject   to   the   term   of   the   ami / mea   agreement ,   shipper   dedicate   and   commit   to   this   agreement ,   and 
 shall   deliver   or   cause   to   be   deliver   to   the   system   for   transportation   hereunder ,   all   shipper   product   ( the   " dedication”);   provide ,   however ,   if 
 carrier   be   unable   to   provide   service   with   respect   to   all   or   any   volume   of   shipper   product ,   then   such   volume   will   be   temporarily   release   from   the 
 dedication   until   carrier   provide   shipper   write   notice   that   carrier   will   be   able   to   resume   receive   such   volume   hereunder .   notwithstanding 
 anything   in   this   agreement   to   the   contrary ,   it   be   acknowledge   and   agree   that   there   be   no   minimum   amount   of   shipper ’s   product   that   must   be 
 deliver   to   the   system   hereunder;   accordingly ,   shipper   shall   not   have   any   liability   ( financial   or   otherwise )   for   failure   to   deliver   any   particular 
 quantity   of   product   to   carrier;   provide ,   however ,   the   forego   sentence   shall   not   reduce   or   eliminate   shipper ’s   obligation   to   pay   the   fee 
 provide   herein   to   the   extent   service   be   provide   hereunder . 
 7.2   commencement   date   facility .   carrier   shall   design ,   engineer ,   modify ,   construct   and   equip ,   or   cause   to   be   design ,   engineer , 
 modify ,   construct   and   equip ,   carrier ’s   system ,   include ,   without   limitation ,   the   facility   and   equipment   describe   on   exhibit   b   attach 
 hereto   ( the   facility   and   equipment   describe   on   exhibit   b   be   collectively   refer   to   as   the   " commencement   date   facility " ) . 
 7.3   post - commencement   date   facility . 
 ( a )   after   the   commencement   date ,   in   connection   with   the   construction   of   the   mount   olive   plant ,   carrier   will   construct   13   mile   of   8 "   pipeline 
 between   the   mount   olive   plant   and   the   lincoln   parish   plant ,   and   a   receipt   point   at   the   mount   olive   plant . 
 ( b )   if   after   the   commencement   date ,   shipper   require   an   addition ,   modification ,   alteration ,   replacement ,   or   expansion   of   the   system ,   other 
 than   as   note   in   section   7.3(a )   above   ( a   " new   facility " ) ,   shipper   will   provide   carrier   a   write   notification   of   such   request   new   facility 
 contain   sufficient   information   for   carrier   to   estimate   the   cost   to   provide   such   new   facility .   although   carrier   shall   have   no   obligation   to   provide 
 a   request   new   facility ,   carrier   may ,   in   its   sole   discretion ,   agree   to   construct   or   acquire   such   new   facility .   the   commercial   term   applicable   the 
 construction   or   acquisition   of   any   new   facility   will   be   determine   in   accordance   with   the   ami / mea   agreement .   the   party   agree   to   make   any 
 revision   to   this   agreement   ( include   the   exhibit   hereto )   that   be   necessary   to   reflect   any   new   facility . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 article   viii 
 default   and   remedy 
 8.1   shipper   default .   subject   to   section   11.1   hereof ,   the   follow   event   shall   be   a   " shipper   default " : 
 ( a )   the   occurrence   and   continuation   of   a   material   breach   by   shipper   of   any   of   its   obligation   under   this   agreement   or   the   tariff , 
 unless   such   material   breach   occur   as   a   result   of   a   breach   or   default   by   carrier   of   its   obligation   under   this   agreement   or   the   tariff;   or 
 ( b )   the   occurrence   and   continuation   of   a   breach   under   article   xiii ,   financial   assurance . 
 8.2   remedy   on   shipper   default . 
 ( a )   upon   become   aware   of   the   occurrence   of   a   shipper   default   with   respect   to   shipper ’s   obligation   under   this   agreement   or 
 the   tariff ,   carrier   may   provide   write   notice   to   shipper   describe   the   shipper   default   in   reasonable   detail   and   require   shipper   to   cure   the 
 shipper   default   ( the   " shipper   default   notice " ) .   if   ( i )   a   shipper   default   as   describe   in   section   8.1(a )   have   not   be   cure   within   ten   ( 10 )   business 
 day   follow   receipt   by   shipper   of   a   shipper   default   notice ,   or   ( ii )   the   shipper   default   comprise   a   default   describe   in   section   8.1(b ) ,   then ,   in 
 any   such   case ,   and   in   addition   to   carrier ’s   right   to   enforce   the   financial   assurance   and   carrier ’s   other   right   and   remedy   provide   for   in   this 
 agreement ,   in   the   tariff   or   under   applicable   law ,   carrier   shall   not   be   obligate   to   transport   shipper   product   and   may   suspend   the   provision   of 
 other   service   to   shipper . 
 ( b )   if   the   shipper   default   continue   for   a   period   of   ninety   ( 90 )   or   more   day ,   or ,   if   such   failure   be   not   reasonably   capable   of   be 
 cure   within   a   ninety   ( 90 )   day   period ,   but   shipper   expeditiously   commence   to   cure   the   same   follow   its   receipt   of   a   shipper   default   notice   and 
 diligently   proceed   with   such   cure ,   within   such   long   period   of   time   as   shall   be   reasonably   necessary   to   cure   such   failure ,   carrier   shall   be   entitle , 
 by   notice   in   writing   to   shipper ,   to : 
 ( 1 )   terminate   this   agreement ,   any   such   termination   to   be   effective   upon   receipt   of   the   applicable   notice   by   shipper ,   in 
 which   event   shipper   shall   be   liable   to   carrier   for   ( i )   all   of   its   accrue   obligation   up   to   and   include   the   effective   date   of 
 termination ,   and   ( ii )   any   and   all   other   loss   and   damage   sustain   by   carrier   as   a   result   of   or   arise   out   of   such   termination; 
 and/or 
 ( 2 )   draw   on   any   guaranty ,   letter   of   credit   or   other   financial   assurance   provide   by   shipper   pursuant   to   article   xiii , 
 financial   assurance .   if   carrier   terminate   this   agreement   pursuant   to   section   8.2(b )   hereof ,   carrier   shall   be   entitle   to   apply 
 the   proceed   of   such   financial   assurance   to   shipper ’s   obligation   and   carrier ’s   loss   and   damage   reference   in   this   section 
 8.2(b ) .   in   all   other   circumstance   in   which   carrier   call   on   any   financial   assurance   provide   by   shipper   pursuant   to 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 article   xiii ,   financial   assurance ,   follow   a   shipper   default ,   carrier   shall   be   entitle   to   apply   the   proceed   to   cure   such 
 shipper   default ,   and   to   hold   the   remain   proceed   as   additional   security   for   the   payment   and   performance   of   shipper ’s 
 obligation   under   this   agreement   and   the   tariff . 
 the   right   and   remedy   under   this   section   8.2(b )   shall   be   in   addition   to   all   of   carrier ’s   other   right   and   remedy   under   this   agreement   or   the   tariff 
 or   which   carrier   may   otherwise   have   at   law ,   in   equity   or   by   statute   or   regulation ,   and   the   exercise   of   one   or   more   right   or   remedy   shall   not 
 prejudice   or   impair   the   concurrent   or   subsequent   exercise   by   carrier   of   other   right   or   remedy . 
 8.3   carrier   default .   subject   to   section   11.1   hereof ,   the   follow   event   shall   be   a   " carrier   default " :   the   occurrence   and   continuation   of   a 
 material   breach   or   default   by   carrier   of   any   of   its   obligation   under   this   agreement   or   the   tariff ,   unless   such   material   breach   or   default   occur   as   a 
 result   of   a   breach   or   default   by   shipper   of   its   obligation   under   this   agreement   or   the   tariff . 
 8.4   remedy   on   carrier   default .   upon   become   aware   of   the   occurrence   of   a   carrier   default ,   shipper   may   provide   write   notice   to   carrier , 
 describe   the   carrier   default   in   reasonable   detail   and   require   carrier   to   cure   the   carrier   default   ( the   " carrier   default   notice " ) .   if   ( a )   a   carrier 
 default   comprise   carrier ’s   failure   to   make   any   payment   due   hereunder   have   not   be   cure   within   ten   ( 10 )   business   day   follow   receipt   by 
 carrier   of   a   carrier   default   notice ,   or   ( b )   a   carrier   default   comprise   carrier ’s   failure   to   comply   with   any   obligation   under   this   agreement   or   the 
 tariff ,   other   than   a   payment   obligation ,   have   not   be   cure   within   ninety   ( 90 )   day   after   receipt   by   carrier   of   a   carrier   default   notice ,   or ,   if   such 
 failure   be   not   reasonably   capable   of   be   cure   within   a   ninety   ( 90 )   day   period ,   but   carrier   expeditiously   commence   to   cure   the   same   follow   its 
 receipt   of   a   carrier   default   notice   and   diligently   proceed   with   such   cure ,   within   such   long   period   of   time   as   shall   be   reasonably   necessary   to 
 cure   such   failure ,   then   in   any   such   case ,   shipper   may ,   by   write   notice   to   carrier ,   inform   carrier   of   its   intention   to   terminate   this   agreement   if   such 
 carrier   default   be   not   cure   within   a   further   ninety   ( 90 )   day   period ,   and   if   any   such   carrier   default   have   not   be   cure   within   such   further   period   of 
 ninety   ( 90 )   day ,   shipper   may ,   by   write   notice   to   carrier ,   terminate   this   agreement ,   any   such   termination   to   be   effective   upon   receipt   of   such 
 termination   notice   by   carrier . 
 the   right   and   remedy   under   this   section   8.4   shall   be   in   addition   to   all   of   shipper ’s   other   right   and   remedy   under   this   agreement   or   the   tariff   or 
 which   shipper   may   otherwise   have   at   law ,   in   equity   or   by   statute   or   regulation ,   and   the   exercise   of   one   or   more   right   or   remedy   shall   not   prejudice 
 or   impair   the   concurrent   or   subsequent   exercise   by   shipper   of   other   right   or   remedy . 
 article   ix 
 warranty   of   title   and   product   interest 
 9.1   title   warranty .   shipper   warrant   to   carrier   that   at   the   time   shipper   product   be   deliver   to   a   receipt   point   hereunder ,   shipper   will   have 
 good   title   or   the   right   to   deliver   such   shipper   product ,   and   that   such   shipper   product   shall   be   free   and   clear   of   all   lien   and   adverse 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 claim ,   other   than   statutory   lien   and   lien ,   encumbrance   or   claim   under   credit   facility   or   other   credit   arrangement   in   respect   of   borrow 
 money .   shipper   agree ,   with   respect   to   the   shipper   product   deliver   by   to   carrier   hereunder ,   to   indemnify   carrier   against   all   suit ,   action ,   debt , 
 account ,   damage ,   cost   ( include   attorney ’s   fee ) ,   loss   and   expense   arise   from   or   out   of   any   adverse   claim   of   any   and   all   person   to   or 
 against   say   shipper   product   other   than   any   lien ,   claim   or   encumbrance   allege   to   have   arise   by ,   through   or   under   carrier   or   its   affiliate . 
 9.2   proceed   of   production .   shipper   agree   to   make   payment   of   all   royalty ,   override   royalty ,   production   payment ,   and   all   other 
 payment   for   interest   attributable   to   shipper   product   deliver   hereunder   due   to   any   person   under   any   lease   or   other   document   in   accordance 
 with   the   term   thereof . 
 9.3   indemnification .   shipper   agree   to   indemnify   and   hold   carrier   harmless   from   any   and   all   claim   and   loss   incur   in   connection   with ,   or 
 in   any   manner   whatsoever   relate   to   payment   of   taxis ,   royalty ,   override   royalty ,   production   payment ,   and   all   other   payment   for   interest 
 attributable   to   shipper   product   transport   hereunder . 
 article   x 
 waiver   of   certain   damage 
 notwithstanding   anything   to   the   contrary   in   this   agreement ,   in   no   event   shall   either   party   be   liable   to 
 the   other   party   or   its   affiliate ,   any   successor   in   interest   or   any   beneficiary   or   assignee   of   this   agreement 
 for   any   consequential ,   multiple ,   incidental ,   indirect ,   special ,   exemplary   or   punitive   damage ,   or   loss   of 
 profit   or   revenue   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   this   agreement   or   any   breach   hereof;   provide ,   however , 
 the   foregoing   shall   not   be   construe   as   limit   an   obligation   of   a   party   hereunder   to   indemnify ,   defend   and 
 hold   harmless   the   other   party   against   claim   assert   by   unaffiliated   third   party ,   include ,   but   not 
 limit   to ,   third   party   claim   for   special ,   indirect ,   consequential ,   punitive   or   exemplary   damage .   this 
 article   x   shall   apply   notwithstanding   the   sole ,   joint   or   concurrent   negligence ,   fault   or   responsibility   of 
 the   party   whose   liability   be   waive   by   this   provision ,   or   any   other   event   or   condition ,   whether   anticipate 
 or   unanticipated ,   and   regardless   of   whether   pre - exist   prior   to   the   date   of   this   agreement . 
 article   xi 
 force   majeure 
 11.1   suspension   of   obligation .   in   the   event   carrier   or   shipper   be   render   unable ,   wholly   or   in   part ,   by   reason   of   force   majeure   to   carry   out 
 its   obligation   under   this   agreement   ( other   than   the   obligation   to   make   payment   of   amount   due   hereunder ,   include   without 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 limitation ,   payment   of   fee   due   hereunder ) ,   it   be   agree   that   such   party   shall   give   notice   and   reasonably   full   particular   of   such   force   majeure ,   in 
 writing ,   or   other   electronic   mean   to   the   other   party   within   a   reasonable   time   after   the   occurrence   of   the   cause   rely   on ,   and   the   obligation   of   the 
 party   give   such   notice ,   so   far   as   they   be   affect   by   such   force   majeure ,   shall   be   suspend   during   the   continuance   of   any   inability   so   cause , 
 but   for   no   long   period ,   and   such   cause   shall ,   so   far   as   possible ,   be   remedie   with   all   reasonable   dispatch .   it   be   understand   and   agree   that   the 
 settlement   of   strike   or   lockout   shall   be   entirely   within   the   discretion   of   the   party   have   the   difficulty ,   and   that   the   above   requirement   that   any 
 force   majeure   shall   be   remedie   with   all   reasonable   dispatch   shall   not   require   the   settlement   of   strike   or   lockout   by   accede   to   the   demand   of 
 the   oppose   party   when   such   course   be   inadvisable   in   the   discretion   of   the   party   have   the   difficulty . 
 11.2   definition   of   force   majeure .   the   term   " force   majeure "   as   use   herein   shall   mean   act   of   god;   strike ,   lockout ,   or   other   industrial 
 disturbances;   condition   arise   from   a   change   in   governmental   law ,   order ,   rule ,   or   regulations;   act   of   public   enemy;   wars;   blockades; 
 insurrections;   riots;   epidemics;   landslides;   lightning;   earthquakes;   fires;   storms;   floods;   washouts;   arrest   and   restraint   of   government   and 
 people;   civil   disturbances;   explosions;   breakage   or   accident   to   machinery   or   line   of   pipe;   the   necessity   for   make   repair ,   test ,   alteration ,   or 
 perform   maintenance   to   machinery   or   line   of   pipe;   schedule   maintenance;   freeze   of   well   or   line   of   pipe;   partial   or   entire   failure   of   well , 
 processing ,   or   gasification   and   gas   manufacturing   facilities;   order   or   directive   of ,   or   proceeding   initiate   by ,   any   governmental   authority;   and 
 any   other   cause ,   whether   of   the   kind   herein   enumerate   or   otherwise ,   not   within   the   control   of   the   party   claim   relief   hereunder ,   and   which   by 
 the   exercise   of   due   diligence ,   such   party   be   unable   to   prevent   or   overcome .   such   term   shall   likewise   include   those   instance   ( a )   where   either   carrier 
 or   shipper   be   require   to   obtain   servitude ,   right - of - way ,   grant ,   permit   or   license   to   enable   such   party   to   fulfill   its   obligation   under   this 
 agreement   and   be   unable   to   acquire   or   experience   delay   in   acquire   such   servitude ,   right - of - way ,   grant ,   permit   or   license ,   at   reasonable 
 cost ,   and   after   the   exercise   of   reasonable   diligence ,   and   ( b )   the   partial   or   entire   failure   or   refusal   of   third   party   operator   to   receive   or   deliver   gas , 
 or   increase   in   pressure   of   upstream   or   downstream   pipeline .   force   majeure   shall   not   include   failure   of   product   supply   due   to   pricing 
 consideration . 
 11.3   termination   base   on   carrier   force   majeure .   if   as   a   result   of   an   event   of   carrier   force   majeure ,   carrier   provide   no   service   to   shipper 
 for   a   period   of   at   least   twelve   ( 12 )   consecutive   month ,   either   party   shall   be   entitle   to   terminate   this   agreement   by   write   notice   to   the   other 
 party   give   at   any   time   after   the   expiration   of   such   twelve   ( 12 )   month   period ,   but   prior   to   the   cessation   of   the   applicable   event   of   carrier   force 
 majeure .   shipper ’s   termination   right   under   this   section   11.3   shall   be   subject   to   its   compliance   with   section   14.2   in   connection   with   any   certificate , 
 approval ,   authorization   and   permit   require   by   carrier   as   a   result   of   the   event   of   carrier   force   majeure . 
 article   xii 
 dispute   resolution 
 12.1   resolution   of   dispute .   any   dispute   shall   be   resolve   pursuant   to   the   provision   of   this   article   xii ,   which   shall   be   the   sole   and 
 exclusive   procedure   for   the   resolution   of   any 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 such   dispute .   any   party   that   fail   to   first   attempt   to   resolve   any   dispute   use   direct   negotiation   shall   pay   all   legal   and   consulting   fee   and   cost 
 incur   by   the   other   party   in   any   suit ,   action ,   or   proceed   to   enforce   the   term   of   this   article   xii .   while   the   procedure   in   this   article   xii 
 be   pende ,   each   party   shall   continue   to   perform   its   exist   obligation   under   the   agreement   to   the   extent   those   obligation   be   not   the   subject   of 
 the   dispute . 
 12.2   dispute   notice .   prior   to   submit   any   dispute   for   resolution   by   a   court ,   a   party   shall   provide   write   notice   ( a   " dispute   notice " )   to   the 
 other   of   the   occurrence   of   such   dispute .   the   dispute   notice   shall   contain   ( i )   a   concise   statement   describe   the   dispute ,   include   a   description   of 
 its   nature ,   circumstance   and   cause ,   ( ii )   an   explanation   of   the   basis   and   justification   for   the   dispute ,   include   reference   to   any   pertinent 
 provision(s )   of   the   agreement ,   ( iii )   if   applicable ,   the   estimate   dollar   amount   of   the   dispute   and   how   that   estimate   be   determine ,   ( iv )   the   claim 
 party ’s   desire   resolution ,   and   ( v )   any   other   information   the   claim   party   deem   relevant . 
 12.3   direct   negotiation .   commencing   within   thirty   ( 30 )   day   after   the   dispute   notice   be   receive   and   concluding   fifteen   ( 15 )   business   day 
 thereafter ,   the   authorize   representative   of   the   party   with   decision - make   authority   shall   meet   in   person   in   houston ,   texas   ( or   in   a   place 
 mutually   agree   upon   by   the   party   to   the   dispute )   and   confer ,   in   good   faith ,   to   seek   to   resolve   the   dispute   raise   in   the   dispute   notice .   if   the 
 party   be   unable   to   resolve   the   dispute   for   any   reason   within   such   fifteen   ( 15 )   business   day   period ,   then   either   party   shall   be   entitle   to   pursue 
 any   remedy   available   at   law   or   in   equity;   provide ,   however ,   this   section   12.3   shall   not   limit   a   party ’s   right   to   initiate   litigation   prior   to   the 
 expiration   of   the   time   period   set   forth   in   this   section   12.3   if   application   of   such   limitation   would   prevent   a   party   from   file   a   lawsuit   or   claim 
 within   the   applicable   period   for   filing   lawsuit   ( e.g.   statute   of   limitation ,   prescription ,   etc . ) . 
 12.4   jurisdiction   and   venue .   the   party   hereby   irrevocably   consent   to   the   exclusive   jurisdiction   of   the   state   or   federal   court   locate   in   harris 
 county ,   texas .   the   party   hereby   irrevocably   and   unconditionally   waive ,   to   the   full   extent   they   may   legally   and   effectively   do   so ,   any   objection 
 which   they   may   now   or   hereafter   have   to   the   laying   of   venue   of   any   suit ,   action   or   proceed   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   this   agreement   or   the 
 transaction   contemplate   hereby   in   any   federal   or   state   court   locate   in   harrison   county ,   texas . 
 12.5   cost   and   expense .   the   prevail   party   in   any   litigation   pertain   to   any   dispute   hereunder   shall   be   entitle   to   recover   its   reasonable 
 cost ,   expense   and   attorney ’s   fee   in   connection   with   such   litigation . 
 12.6   waiver   of   jury   trial .   the   party   hereby   waive   all   right   to   a   trial   by   jury   for   any   and   all   dispute . 
 12.7   confidentiality   of   dispute   resolution . 
 ( a )   the   party   agree   that   any   dispute   and   any   negotiation   among   the   party   in   relation   to   any   dispute   shall   be   subject   to   the 
 confidentiality   provision   of   this   agreement . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ( b )   the   party   far   agree   that   any   information ,   document   or   material   produce   for   the   purpose   of ,   or   use   in ,   negotiation 
 of   any   dispute   shall   be   subject   to   the   confidentiality   provision   of   this   section   12.7 .   the   party   far   agree   that   upon   the   request   of   the 
 provide   party ,   any   information ,   document   or   material   produce   by   such   party   for   the   purpose   of   negotiation   of   any   dispute   shall   be   destroy 
 or   return   to   the   provide   party   within   thirty   ( 30 )   day   of   the   resolution   of   such   dispute   or   the   issuance   of   a   final   decision   with   respect   to   such 
 dispute;   provide ,   however ,   any   confidential   information   ( i )   find   in   draft ,   note ,   study   and   other   document   prepare   by   or   for   the   receive 
 party   or   its   representative ,   or   ( ii )   find   in   electronic   format   as   part   of   receive   party ’s   off - site   or   on - site   datum   storage / archival   process   system ,   will 
 be   hold   by   the   receive   party   or   destroy   at   the   receive   party ’s   option . 
 ( c )   without   limit   the   foregoing ,   the   party   agree   that   disclosure   of   confidential   information   may   be   make   to   third   party : 
 ( 1 )   in   order   to   enforce   any   of   the   provision   of   this   agreement   or   the   tariff ,   include   without   limitation ,   any   court 
 judgment . 
 ( 2 )   who   consist   of   a   party ’s   auditor ,   legal   adviser ,   insurer   or   affiliate . 
 ( 3 )   if   the   party   make   such   disclosure   be   under   a   legal   or   regulatory   obligation   to   make   such   disclosure ,   but   limit   to   the 
 extent   of   such   legal   obligation . 
 ( 4 )   with   the   prior   write   consent   of   the   other   party   not   make   the   disclosure . 
 ( d )   the   party   agree   to   submit   to   the   jurisdiction   of   a   court   of   competent   jurisdiction   locate   in   harris   county ,   texas   for   the 
 purpose   of   any   proceeding   to   enforce   this   section   12.7   and ,   except   as   permit   under   this   section   12.7(c ) ,   the   receive   party   shall   prevent   any 
 information ,   document   or   material   belong   to   a   disclose   party   from   be   disclose   to   third   party . 
 article   xiii 
 financial   assurance 
 13.1   financial   assurance .   if   shipper   have   fail   to   pay   any   amount   when   due   under   this   agreement   and   if   such   non - payment   be   not   be 
 dispute   in   good   faith   by   shipper ,   carrier   shall   have   the   right   to   request   and   receive   from   shipper   adequate   assurance   of   performance   ( " financial 
 assurance " )   which   shall   mean   credit   support   in   a   form   reasonably   acceptable   to   carrier   and   in   an   amount   and   for   the   term   reasonably   acceptable   to 
 carrier .   any   of   the   follow   shall   be   an   acceptable   form   of   credit   support : 

 ( a ) 
 an   irrevocable   standby   letter   of   credit   from   a   bank   satisfactory   to   carrier; 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 

 ( b ) 
 provide   a   prepayment   or   a   deposit   in   advance   of   the   month   in   which   service   hereunder   be   to   be   provided;   or 

 ( c ) 
 a   performance   bond   issue   by   a   person   satisfactory   to   carrier . 
 if   the   credit   of   shipper ’s   guarantor   be   satisfactory   in   carrier ’s   opinion ,   a   demand   for   financial   assurance   can   be   satisfy   with   a   guarantee 
 issue   on   behalf   of   shipper   in   a   form   acceptable   to   carrier ,   but   only   for   as   long   as   the   credit   of   shipper ’s   guarantor   continue   to   be   acceptable   to 
 carrier .   carrier   acknowledge   and   agree   that   memorial   resource   development   corp .   be   a   satisfactory   guarantor . 
 should   shipper   or   its   guarantor   fail   to   provide   financial   assurance   within   ten   ( 10 )   business   day   after   receipt   of   write   demand   for   such 
 assurance ,   then   carrier   shall   have   the   right   to   suspend   performance   under   this   agreement   until   such   time   as   shipper   furnish   financial 
 assurance .   for   the   avoidance   of   doubt ,   such   suspension   of   performance   by   carrier   shall   not   relieve   shipper   of   its   obligation   to   make   payment   of 
 amount   due   hereunder ,   include ,   without   limitation ,   payment   of   fee   due   hereunder . 
 if   during   the   term ,   carrier   have   fail   to   pay   any   amount   when   due   under   this   agreement   and   if   such   non - payment   be   not   be   dispute   in 
 good   faith   by   carrier ,   shipper   shall   have   the   right   to   request   and   receive   from   carrier   adequate   financial   assurance   under   similar   term   and 
 condition   as   describe   above ,   include   the   right   to   suspend   performance   under   this   agreement   until   such   time   as   carrier   furnish   financial 
 assurance . 
 article   xiv 
 duty   to   support 
 14.1   arm ’s   length   negotiation .   each   of   the   party   acknowledge   and   agree   that   this   agreement   be   the   result   of   good   faith ,   arm ’s   length 
 negotiation   which   have   result   in   an   agreement   that   be   fair   and   equitable   to   carrier   and   shipper . 
 14.2   shipper   support .   shipper   hereby   agree ,   upon   write   request   by   carrier   provide   at   least   ten   ( 10 )   day   prior   to   the   deadline   for   such 
 action :   ( a )   to   not   object   to   carrier ’s   application   for   necessary   certificate ,   approval ,   authorization   and   permit   of   the   ferc   and   louisiana 
 regulating   body ,   if   any ,   in   relation   to   the   system;   ( b )   to   not   object   to   the   tariff   rate   calculate   in   accordance   with   the   term   of   this   agreement , 
 and   not   take   any   action   directly   or   indirectly   that   could   be   interpret   as   evidence   of   shipper ’s   lack   of   support   for   such   tariff   rates;   and   ( c )   to   not 
 object   to   the   pro   forma   tariff   materially   in   the   form   attach   as   exhibit   a ,   in   any   and   all   regulatory   proceeding   relate   thereto   and   not   take   any 
 action   or   inaction   that   could   be   interpret   as   evidence   of   shipper ’s   lack   of   support   therefor;   provide   that   nothing   in   the   foregoing   shall   obligate 
 shipper   to   support   future   change   to   the   tariff   rate   that   be   inconsistent   with   this   agreement ,   or   prevent   shipper   from   oppose   any   position 
 take   by   carrier   before   ferc   and/or   louisiana   regulate   body   that   be   inconsistent   with   this   agreement . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 14.3   no   tariff   rate   revision   proceeding .   each   of   the   party   far   acknowledge   that   the   setting   of   tariff   rate   for   the   system   be   subject   to 
 the   approval   of ,   and   potential   modification   by ,   the   ferc ,   from   time   to   time ,   and   each   of   the   party   hereby   agree   not   to ,   directly   or   indirectly , 
 commence   or   support   any   application ,   motion   or   other   proceeding   ( a   " tariff   rate   revision   proceeding " )   before   the   ferc   for   the   purpose   of 
 request   the   ferc   to   set   tariff   rate   applicable   to   the   system   which   be   inconsistent   with   this   agreement . 
 14.4   third   party   proceeding .   in   the   event   of   any   tariff   rate   revision   proceeding   be   commence   by   a   third   party   or   by   the   ferc   itself , 
 and   in   the   event   of   any   other   proceeding   pursuant   to   which   the   tariff   rate   for   the   system   may   be   review   by   the   ferc   or   other   governmental 
 authority   have   jurisdiction ,   shipper   agree   to   not   object   to   the   setting   of   tariff   rate   applicable   to   the   system   that   be   consistent   with   this 
 agreement .   in   the   event   of   any   other   proceeding   challenge   any   of   the   term   of   this   agreement   be   commence   by   a   third   party   or   by   the 
 ferc   itself ,   shipper   agree   to   provide   all   reasonable   support   and   cooperation   in   defend   such   term   or   otherwise   resolve   the   complaint   or 
 other   challenge   as   shall   be   reasonably   request   by   carrier . 
 article   xv  
 common   carrier   and   compliance   with   applicable   law 
 15.1   common   carrier   pipeline .   the   system   will   be   operate   as   a   common   carrier   pipeline ,   and   shipper ’s   right   hereunder   shall   be   subject   to   all 
 law   relate   to   and   govern   the   operation   of   common   carrier   pipeline ,   include ,   without   limitation ,   law   and   regulation   that   prevent 
 discrimination   in   favor   of   any   give   shipper   or   the   provision   of   service   for   consideration   other   than   the   rate   set   forth   in   a   publish   tariff .   the   tariff 
 shall   apply   to   the   service   provide   hereunder ,   and   if   there   be   a   conflict   between   a   provision   of   this   agreement   and   the   tariff ,   the   tariff   shall   apply . 
 carrier   reserve   the   right   to   modify   or   amend   the   tariff ,   in   its   sole   discretion ,   as   it   deem   necessary;   provide ,   however ,   any   such   modification   or 
 amendment   shall   be   consistent   with   this   agreement . 
 15.2   compliance   with   law .   both   party   shall ,   in   carry   out   the   term   and   provision   of   this   agreement ,   abide   by   all   present   and   future 
 law   of   any   governmental   authority . 
 article   xvi  
 assignment 
 16.1   restriction   on   assignment .   this   agreement   may   not   be   assign ,   dispose   of ,   alienate   or   otherwise   transfer   by   either   party ,   in 
 whole   or   in   part ,   without   the   prior   write   consent   of   the   other   party ,   which   consent   shall   not   be   unreasonably   withhold ,   condition   or   delay , 
 except   as   provide   below . 
 16.2   permit   assignment .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   ( i )   either   party   may   assign   this   agreement   to   an   affiliate   of   such   party   without 
 the   consent   of   the   other   party ,   ( ii )   either   party   may   pledge   this   agreement   to   secure   any   credit   facility   or   indebtedness   of   such 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 party   or   its   affiliate   without   the   consent   of   the   other   party ,   ( iii )   carrier   may   assign   this   agreement   without   shipper ’s   consent   in   connection   with 
 the   sale   or   transfer   of   the   system ,   and   ( iv )   shipper   may   assign   or   partially   assign   this   agreement   without   carrier ’s   consent   in   connection   with   the 
 sale   or   transfer   of   all   or   part   of   shipper ’s   ownership   interest   in   the   well   ( or   in   the   land   upon   which   such   well   be   locate )   produce   gas   from 
 which   the   product   deliver   hereunder   be   extract ,   provide   that   such   assignee   have   a   credit   rating   reasonably   acceptable   to   carrier   at   the   time   of 
 such   sale   or   transfer .   in   the   case   of   transfer   under   clause   ( iv )   above ,   the   transferor   shall   be   release   from   its   obligation   and   liability   under   this 
 agreement   to   the   extent   of   the   obligation   assume   by   the   transferee ,   provide   that   shipper ’s   and   such   transferee ’s   combine   obligation   to 
 carrier   shall   be   no   great   than   shipper ’s   obligation   to   carrier   prior   to   such   transfer . 
 16.3   collateral   assignment .   either   party   may   grant   a   lien   or   security   interest   in   this   agreement   to   any   person   as   security   in   connection   with 
 arrange   financing   for   such   party   or   any   affiliate   of   such   party   ( and   each   party   agree   to   execute   all   consent ,   estoppel ,   waiver   and   other 
 document   and   instrument   reasonable   request   by   any   such   person ) . 
 article   xvii 
 taxis 
 shipper   shall   pay ,   or   cause   to   be   pay ,   all   production ,   severance ,   gross   receipt ,   ad   valorem ,   and   similar   taxis ,   and   all   surcharge ,   levy   or 
 impose   on   it   by   any   governmental   authority   with   respect   to   shipper   product .   in   the   event   carrier   be   require   to   pay   or   remit   any   such   tax   or 
 surcharge   owe   by   shipper ,   shipper   shall   reimburse   carrier   for   such   tax   or   surcharge   pursuant   to   carrier ’s   invoice   for   the   same .   shipper   hereby 
 agree   to   indemnify ,   defend   and   hold   harmless   carrier   from   and   against   any   and   all   claim   and   loss   arise   out   of   or   relate   to   such   taxis   or 
 surcharge .   this   indemnity   and   defense   obligation   shall   survive   the   expiration   or   termination   of   this   agreement .   carrier   shall   be   responsible   for   all 
 taxis   or   surcharge   levy   or   impose   on   it   by   any   governmental   authority   with   respect   to   the   system   and   carrier ’s   other   facility ,   include 
 without   limitation ,   carrier ’s   gas   processing   plant . 
 article   xviii 
 notice   and   statement 
 18.1   notice .   any   notice ,   statement ,   payment ,   claim   or   other   communication   require   or   permit   hereunder   shall   be   in   writing   and   shall   be 
 send   by :   ( i )   facsimile   transmission;   ( ii )   deliver   by   hand;   ( iii )   send   by   united   state   mail   with   all   postage   fully   prepaid;   or   ( iv )   by   courier   with 
 charge   pay   in   accordance   with   the   customary   arrangement   establish   by   such   courier ,   in   each   of   the   forego   case   address   to   the   party   at 
 the   follow   address : 

 carrier 
 notice   and   correspondence : 
 penntex   north   louisiana   operating ,   llc 
 attn :   general   counsel 
 11931   wickchester ,   suite   300 
 houston ,   texas   77043 
 fax :   ( 832 )   456 - 4050 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 accounting   matter : 
 penntex   north   louisiana   operating ,   llc 
 attn :   vice   president ,   accounting 
 11931   wickchester ,   suite   300 
 houston ,   texas   77043 
 fax :   ( 832 )   456 - 4050 
 shipper 
 notice   and   correspondence : 
 mrd   operating   llc 
 c / o   memorial   resource   development   corp . 
 500   dallas   street ,   suite   1800 
 houston ,   tx   77002 
 attn :   general   counsel 
 e - mail :   kroanememorialrd.com 

 with   a   copy   to : 

 attn :   director ,   marketing   &   midstream 
 e - mail :   jeremy.bolandermemorialrd.com 
 such   notice ,   statement ,   payment ,   claim   or   other   communication   shall   be   deem   receive   as   follow :   ( i )   if   deliver   personally ,   upon 
 delivery;   ( ii )   if   send   by   united   state   mail ,   whether   by   express   mail ,   register   mail ,   certify   mail   or   regular   mail ,   the   day   receipt   be   refuse   or   be 
 confirm   orally   or   in   writing   by   the   receive   party;   ( iii )   if   send   by   a   courier   service ,   upon   delivery;   or   ( iv )   if   send   by   facsimile ,   upon   completion   of 
 the   transmission   thereof ,   except   that   if   such   transmission   be   on   any   day   other   than   a   business   day ,   or   on   or   after   4:00   p.m. ,   central   clock   time ,   such 
 notice   shall   be   deem   to   be   receive   on   the   next   business   day . 
 18.2   change   of   address .   notice   of   change   of   address   of   either   of   the   party   shall   be   give   in   writing   to   the   other   party   in   the   manner 
 aforesaid   and   shall   be   observe   in   the   giving   of   all   future   notice ,   statement ,   payment ,   claims   or   other   communication   require   or   permit   to 
 be   give   hereunder . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 article   xix 
 miscellaneous 
 19.1   entire   agreement;   amendment .   this   agreement   and   the   exhibit   and   schedule   hereto   constitute   the   entire   agreement   and 
 understanding   between   the   party   with   respect   to   the   subject   matter   hereof   and   thereof ,   supersede   all   prior   agreement   and   understanding   with 
 respect   thereto ,   and   may   be   amend ,   restate   or   supplement   only   by   write   agreement   of   the   party .   notwithstanding   the   foregoing ,   the   tariff 
 be   subject   to   amendment   by   carrier   from   time   to   time   subject   to   applicable   law   and   section   15.1   hereof . 
 19.2   govern   law .   this   agreement   shall   be   govern   and   construe   in   accordance   with   the   law   of   the   state   of   texas   without   give   effect 
 to   the   conflict   of   law   rule   thereof . 
 19.3   no   draft   presumption .   no   presumption   will   operate   in   favor   of   or   against   any   party   as   a   result   of   any   responsibility   that   any   party 
 may   have   have   for   draft   this   agreement .   shipper   and   carrier   acknowledge   and   mutually   agree   that   this   agreement   and   all   content   herein   be 
 jointly   prepare   by   the   party . 
 19.4   waiver .   no   waiver   of   any   term ,   provision   or   condition   of   this   agreement   shall   be   effective   unless   in   writing   sign   by   the   party ,   and   no 
 such   waiver   shall   be   deem   to   be   or   construe   as   a   far   or   continue   waiver   of   any   such   term ,   provision   or   condition   or   as   a   waiver   of   any 
 other   term ,   provision   or   condition   of   the   agreement ,   unless   specifically   so   state   in   such   write   waiver . 
 19.5   no   third   party   beneficiary .   except   for   person   indemnify   hereunder ,   this   agreement   be   not   for   the   benefit   of   any   third   party   and 
 nothing   herein ,   express   or   imply ,   confer   any   right   or   remedy   upon   any   person   not   a   party   hereto . 
 19.6   no   partnership .   it   be   not   the   intention   of   the   party   to   create ,   nor   be   there   create   hereby ,   a   partnership ,   trust ,   joint   venture   or 
 association .   the   status   of   each   party   hereunder   be   solely   that   of   an   independent   contractor . 
 19.7   survival .   notwithstanding   the   termination   of   this   agreement   for   any   reason ,   ( a )   article   vi ,   article   viii ,   article   ix ,   article   x , 
 article   xii ,   article   xiv ,   article   xvii ,   article   xviii   and   article   xix   shall   survive   the   termination   of   this   agreement ,   and   ( b )   each   party 
 to   this   agreement   will   be   liable   for   all   of   its   accrue   obligation   hereunder   up   to   and   include   the   date   on   which   the   termination   become   effective . 
 19.8   heading .   the   heading   and   caption   in   this   agreement   have   be   insert   for   convenience   of   reference   only   and   shall   not   define   or 
 limit   any   of   the   term   and   provision   hereof . 
 19.9   rule   of   construction .   in   construe   this   agreement ,   the   follow   principle   shall   be   follow : 
 ( a )   example   shall   not   be   construe   to   limit ,   expressly   or   by   implication ,   the   matter   they   illustrate; 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ( b )   the   word   " include "   and   its   syntactical   variant   mean   " include ,   but   be   not   limit   to "   and   correspond   syntactical   variant 
 expressions; 
 ( c )   the   plural   shall   be   deem   to   include   the   singular   and   vice   versa ,   as   applicable; 
 ( d )   all   reference   in   this   agreement   to   an   " article , "   " section , "   " subsection , "   or   " exhibit "   shall   be   to   an   article ,   section , 
 subsection ,   or   exhibit   of   this   agreement ,   unless   the   context   require   otherwise; 
 ( e )   unless   the   context   otherwise   require ,   the   word   " this   agreement , "   " hereof , "   " hereunder , "   " herein , "   " hereby , "   or   word   of 
 similar   import   shall   refer   to   this   agreement   as   a   whole   and   not   to   a   particular   article ,   section ,   subsection ,   clause   or   other   subdivision   hereof;   and 
 ( f )   each   exhibit   and   schedule   to   this   agreement   be   attach   hereto   and   incorporate   herein   as   a   part   of   this   agreement ,   but   if 
 there   be   any   conflict   or   inconsistency   between   the   main   body   of   this   agreement   and   any   exhibit   or   schedule ,   the   provision   of   the   main   body   of 
 this   agreement   shall   prevail ,   except   as   to   any   conflict   with   the   tariff . 
 19.10   severability .   if   any   provision   of   this   agreement   shall   be   hold   to   be   invalid ,   illegal   or   unenforceable ,   ( i )   the   validity ,   legality   and/or 
 enforceability   of   the   remain   provision   shall   not ,   in   any   way ,   be   affect   or   impair   thereby   and   ( ii )   in   lieu   of   such   invalid ,   illegal   or 
 unenforceable   provision ,   there   shall   be   automatically   add   to   this   agreement   a   provision   as   similar   to   such   invalid ,   illegal   or   unenforceable 
 provision   as   may   be   possible   and   be   legal ,   valid   and   enforceable . 
 19.11   further   assurance .   each   party   shall   take   such   act   and   execute   and   deliver   such   document   as   may   be   reasonably   require   to 
 effectuate   the   purpose   of   this   agreement . 
 19.12   no   inducement .   no   director ,   employee ,   or   agent   of   any   party   shall   give   or   receive   any   commission ,   fee ,   rebate ,   gift ,   or   entertainment   of 
 significant   cost   or   value   in   connection   with   this   agreement . 
 19.13   counterpart   execution .   this   agreement   may   be   execute   in   any   number   of   counterpart ,   each   of   which   shall   be   consider   an   original , 
 and   all   of   which   shall   be   consider   one   and   the   same   instrument .   neither   party   shall   be   bind   until   both   party   have   execute   a   counterpart . 
 facsimile   or   other   electronic   copy   of   signature   shall   constitute   original   signature   for   all   purpose   of   this   agreement   and   any   enforcement 
 hereof . 
 19.14   confidentiality . 
 ( a )   each   party   agree   that   it   shall   maintain   all   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement   in   confidence ,   and   that   it   shall   not   cause   or   permit 
 disclosure   thereof   without   the   express   write 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 consent   of   the   other   party .   the   standard   of   care   to   be   employ   by   each   party   with   respect   to   the   other   party ’s   confidential   information   shall   be   the 
 standard   of   care   employ   by   a   reasonable   person   in   protect   confidential   information . 
 ( b )   permit   disclosure .   notwithstanding   section   19.14(a )   of   this   agreement ,   disclosure   of   any   term   and   provision   of   this   agreement 
 otherwise   prohibit   may   be   make   by   a   party   ( i )   to   the   extent   necessary   for   such   party   to   enforce   its   right   hereunder   against   the   other   party;   ( ii )   to 
 the   extent   to   which   a   party   be   require   to   disclose   all   or   part   of   this   agreement   by   a   statute   or   by   the   order   or   rule   of   a   court ,   agency ,   or   other 
 governmental   body   exercise   jurisdiction   over   the   subject   matter   hereof ,   by   order ,   by   regulation ,   or   by   other   compulsory   process   ( include ,   but 
 not   limit   to ,   deposition ,   subpoena ,   interrogatory ,   or   request   for   production   of   documents);   ( iii )   to   the   extent   require   by   the   applicable   regulation 
 of   a   security   or   commodity   exchange;   ( iv )   to   a   third   person   in   connection   with   a   propose   sale   or   other   transfer   of   a   party ’s   interest   in   this 
 agreement ,   provide   such   third   person   agree   in   writing   to   be   bind   by   confidentiality   term   no   less   restrictive   than   those   set   forth   in   this   section 
 19.14;   ( v )   to   its   own   director ,   officer ,   employee ,   agent   and   representatives;   ( vi )   to   an   affiliate;   ( vii )   to   a   co - working   interest   owner   or   royalty 
 owner   of   shipper   product   deliver   hereunder ,   provide   such   co - working   interest   owner   or   royalty   owner   agree   in   writing   to   be   bind   by   the 
 term   of   this   section   19.14;   ( viii )   to   the   extent   any   such   term   or   provision   become   public   information   through   no   fault   of   any   party;   or   ( ix )   to   a 
 bank   or   other   financial   institution ,   and   their   agent   and   representative ,   in   connection   with   a   party   arrange   for   funding . 
 ( c )   notification .   if   a   party   be   or   become   aware   of   a   fact ,   obligation ,   or   circumstance   that   have   result   or   may   result   in   a   disclosure   of   any   of 
 the   term   and   condition   of   this   agreement   authorize   by   section   19.14(b )   ( ii ) ,   ( iii )   or   ( iv )   above ,   it   shall   so   notify   in   write   the   other   party   promptly 
 and   shall   provide   documentation   or   an   explanation   of   such   disclosure   as   soon   as   it   be   available . 
 ( d )   party   responsibility .   each   party   shall   be   deem   solely   responsible   and   liable   for   the   action   of   its   director ,   officer ,   employee ,   agent , 
 representative   and   affiliate   for   maintain   the   confidentiality   commitment   of   this   section   19.14 . 
 ( e )   public   announcement .   the   party   agree   that   prior   to   make   any   public   announcement   or   statement   with   respect   to   this   agreement   or 
 the   transaction   represent   herein ,   the   party   desiring   to   make   such   public   announcement   or   statement   shall   provide   the   other   party   with   a   copy   of 
 the   propose   announcement   or   statement   prior   to   the   intend   release   date   of   such   announcement .   the   other   party   shall   thereafter   consult   with 
 the   party   desiring   to   make   the   release ,   and   the   party   shall   exercise   their   reasonable   good   effort   to   ( i )   agree   upon   the   text   of   a   joint   public 
 announcement   or   statement   to   be   make   by   both   such   party   or   ( ii )   in   the   case   of   a   statement   to   be   make   solely   by   one   party ,   obtain   approval   of   the 
 other   party   to   the   text   of   a   public   announcement   or   statement .   nothing   contain   in   this   section   19.14   shall   be   construe   to   require   any   party   to 
 obtain   approval   of   any   other   party   to   disclose   information   with   respect   to   this   agreement   or   the   transaction   represent   herein   to   any 
 governmental   authority   to   the   extent   require   by   applicable   law   or   necessary   to   comply   with   disclosure   requirement   of   the   security   and 
 exchange   commission ,   new   york   stock   exchange ,   nasdaq   stock   market ,   or   any   other   regulate   stock   exchange . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 [ signature   page   follow ] 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 in   witness   whereof ,   the   party   have   execute   this   agreement   to   be   effective   as   of   the   effective   date . 

 carrier : 
 penntex   north   louisiana   operating ,   llc 
 by : 
 /s/   robert   o.   bond 
 name : robert   o.   bond 
 title : 
 chief   operate   officer 
 shipper : 
 mrd   operating   llc 
 by :   memorial   resource   development   corp . ,   its   sole 
 member 
 by : 
 /s/   kyle   roane 
 name : kyle   n.   roane 
 title : 
 senior   vice   president 

 signature   page   to   the   transportation   service   agreement 
 ( mrd   operating   llc ) 
 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 exhibit   a 
 tariff 
 ( see   attach ) 
 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 
 [ penntex   north   louisiana   operating ,   llc ] 
 local   tariff 
 contain   rate ,   rule ,   and   regulation 
 govern   the   transportation 
 of 
 natural   gas   liquid 
 by   pipeline 

 the   provision   publish   herein   will ,   if   effective ,   not   result   in   an   effect   on   the   quality   of   human   environment . 
 file   in   compliance   with   18   c.f.r .   §   342.2(a )   ( establish   initial   rate ) .   
 request   for   special   permission 
 issue   on   [   (   ) ]   day ’s   notice   under   authority   of   18   c.f.r .   §   341.14 .   this   tariff   publication   be   subject   to   refund   pende   a   30 - day   review   period . ] 

 issue   date :   [   ] ,   2015 
 effective   date :   [   ] ,   2015 

 issue   and   compile   by : 
 [ contact   name ] 
 [ penntex   north   louisiana   llc ] 
 11931   wickchester   lane ,   suite   300 
 houston ,   tx   77043 
 [ phone ] 
 [ facsimile ] 
 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 table   of   content 

 section   I   table   of   rate 

 section   ii   rule   and   regulation 

 1 . 
 definition 

 2 . 
 commodity 

 3 . 
 product   specification 

 4 . 
 identity   of   product 

 5 . 
 nomination   and   scheduling 

 6 . 
 nomination   in   excess   of   capacity 

 7 . 
 minimum   tender 

 8 . 
 measurement   and   evidence   of   receipt   and   delivery 

 9 . 
 origination   facility 

 10 . 
 storage   of   product   in   transit 

 11 . 
 destination   facility 

 12 . 
 notice   of   arrival ,   delivery   at   destination 

 13 . 
 title 

 14 . 
 rate   applicable 

 15 . 
 rate   applicable   from   intermediate   point 

 16 . 
 payment   of   transportation   charge 

 17 . 
 liability   of   carrier 

 18 . 
 claim ,   suit ,   and   time   for   filing 

 19 . 
 connection   policy 

 20 . 
 common   stream   –   connect   carrier 

 21 . 
 dedicate   rate 

 22 . 
 incentive   rate 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 

 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 section   I 
 table   of   rate 
 uncommitted   rate 

 from 
 [ note   1 ] 

 to 
 [ note   2 ] 

 uncommitted 
 rate   in 
 dollar   per 
 barrel   of 
 42   u.s . 
 gallon 

 lincoln   parish ,   louisiana 

 interconnection 
 near 
 ada ,   bienville 
 parish , 
 louisiana 

 1.85  
 dedicate   rate   [ note   3 ]  

 from 
 [ note   1 ] 

 to 
 [ note   2 ] 

 dedicate 
 rate   in 
 dollar   per 
 barrel   of 
 42   u.s . 
 gallon 

 lincoln   parish ,   louisiana 

 interconnection 
 near 
 ada ,   bienville 
 parish , 
 louisiana 

 1.68  
 incentive   rate   [ note   4 ]  

 from 
 [ note   1 ] 

 to 
 [ note   2 ] 

 monthly   volume 
 in   barrel   per 
 day 

 incentive 
 rate   in 
 dollar   per 
 barrel   of 
 42   u.s . 
 gallon 

 lincoln   parish ,   louisiana 

 interconnection 
 near 
 ada ,   bienville 
 parish , 
 louisiana 

 0   –   2,500 
 2,501   or   great  

 1.68 
 1.47  
 note   1 :   the   receipt   point   be   the   penntex   processing   plant   in   lincoln   parish ,   louisiana . 
 note   2 :   the   delivery   point   be   the   interconnection   with   black   lake   pipeline   company   near   ada ,   bienville   parish ,   louisiana . 
 note   3 :   dedicate   rate   be   applicable   to   a   dedicate   shipper   as   provide   for   in   item   21   of   this   tariff . 
 note   4 :   incentive   rate   be   applicable   to   an   incentive   shipper   as   provide   for   in   item   22   of   this   tariff . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 section   ii 
 rule   and   regulation 

 1 . 
 definition : 
 " barrel "   mean   a   barrel   of   forty - two   ( 42 )   gallon ,   united   state   measurement   at   sixty   ( 60 )   degree   fahrenheit   and   zero   ( 0 )   pound   per   square 
 inch   gauge   pressure . 
 " business   day "   mean   monday   through   friday   of   each   week ,   exclude   banking   holiday . 
 " carrier "   mean   [ penntex   north   louisiana   operating ,   llc ] ,   a   delaware   limit   liability   company . 
 " commit   volume "   mean   the   volume   of   product   that   an   incentive   shipper   have   commit   to   be   transport   on   the   system ,   or   make   a 
 deficiency   payment   in   connection   therewith ,   for   a   number   of   year   as   mutually   agree   upon   in   the   incentive   shipper ’s   tsa . 
 " common   stream(s ) "   mean   product   move   through   the   system   that   be   commingle   or   intermix   with   other   product   in   the   system . 
 " consignee "   mean   the   party   to   whom   a   shipper   have   order   the   delivery   of   product . 
 " dedicate   product "   mean   product   that   a   dedicate   shipper   have   dedicate   to   be   transport   on   the   system   but   as   to   which   shipper   have   no 
 obligation   to   make   a   deficiency   payment ,   as   mutually   agree   upon   in   the   dedicate   shipper ’s   tsa . 
 " dedicate   rate "   mean   the   rate   set   out   in   section   I   of   this   tariff   pay   by   a   dedicate   shipper   pursuant   to   a   tsa   that   have   dedicate 
 product . 
 " dedicate   shipper "   have   the   meaning   set   out   in   item   no .   21   of   this   tariff . 
 " delivery   point "   mean   point   on   the   system   where   product   be   deliver   to   shipper   or   its   consignee ,   as   such   point   be   specify   by   carrier 
 from   time   to   time   in   this   tariff . 
 " incentive   rate "   mean   the   rate   set   out   in   section   I   of   this   tariff   pay   by   an   incentive   shipper   pursuant   to   a   tsa   that   have   a   commit 
 volume . 
 " incentive   shipper "   have   the   meaning   set   out   in   item   no .   21   of   this   tariff . 
 " nomination "   or   " nominate "   mean   a   write   offer   ( in   form   and   context   specify   by   carrier )   make   by   a   shipper   or   its   designee   to   carrier   of   a 
 state   quantity   of   product   for   transportation   from   a   specify   receipt   point   to   a   specify   delivery   point   in   accordance   with   this   tariff . 
 " product(s ) "   mean   a   demethanize   mixture   of   natural   gas   liquid   comprise   primarily   of   ethane ,   propane ,   iso - butane ,   normal   butane ,   iso- 
 pentane ,   normal   pentane ,   hexane   and   heavy   hydrocarbon ,   incidental   volume   of   methane ,   as   well   as   other   non - hydrocarbon   compound . 
 " receipt   point "   mean   point   where   product   be   receive   into   the   system ,   as   such   point   be   specify   by   carrier   from   time   to   time   in   this 
 tariff . 
 " shipper "   mean   the   party   that   contract   with   carrier   for   transportation   of   product   on   the   system   in   accordance   with   this   tariff . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 " system "   mean   carrier ’s   pipeline   system   and   all   relate   facility   necessary   for   carrier   to   provide   transportation   service   from   the   receipt 
 point   to   the   delivery   point . 
 " tariff "   mean   carrier ’s   f.e.r.c .   tariff   no .   1.0.0   or   subsequent   reissue   thereof . 
 " tender "   or   " tender "   mean   an   offer   of   delivery   by   a   shipper   to   carrier   of   a   state   quantity   of   product   for   transportation   from   a   specify 
 receipt   point   to   a   specify   delivery   point   in   accordance   with   this   tariff . 
 " tsa "   mean   a   transportation   service   agreement   execute   by   carrier   and   a   shipper   for   transportation   on   the   system . 
 " uncommitted   rate "   mean   the   rate   set   out   in   section   I   of   this   tariff   pay   by   a   shipper   that   be   not   an   incentive   shipper   or   a   dedicate 
 shipper . 

 2 . 
 commodity : 
 carrier   be   engage   in   the   transportation   of   product   as   define   herein   and   therefore   will   not   accept   any   other   commodity   for   transportation 
 under   this   tariff . 

 3 . 
 product   specification : 
 subject   to   any   provision   to   the   contrary   in   a   tsa   between   carrier   and   shipper : 

 a. 
 shipper   shall   not   tender   product   for   transportation   on   the   system   unless   the   product   will   be   readily   susceptible   to   transportation 
 through   the   system ,   such   product   will   not   adversely   damage   the   common   stream   or   the   system ,   and   such   product   otherwise   conform 
 to   the   specification   set   forth   in   this   item   no .   3 . 

 b. 
 as   a   prerequisite   to   transportation   on   the   system ,   shipper ’s   product   must   also   conform   to   the   quality   specification   of   the   connect 
 carrier   or   facility   at   the   nominate   delivery   point . 

 c. 
 shipper   shall   perform   applicable   test   to   ensure   that   the   product   it   tender   to   carrier   for   delivery   on   the   system   conform   to   the 
 specification   set   forth   in   this   item   no .   3 .   should   spot   sample ,   analyse ,   or   any   other   test   ( include   test   perform   by   carrier ) 
 indicate   that   the   product   tender   or   to   be   tender   do   not   meet   the   specification   require   by   carrier ,   shipper   agree   to   stop 
 delivery   of   such   off - specification   product   to   carrier   until   such   time   as   it   be   determine   by   additional   testing   that   the   product   meet   the 
 definition   of   product   issue   by   carrier . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 

 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 d. 
 the   specification   set   forth   in   this   item   no .   3   shall   apply   to   each   barrel   of   shipper ’s   tender   and   shall   not   be   limit   to   the   composite 
 sample   of   the   tender . 

 product   specification 

 maximum 

 test   method 
 1 .    composition : 

   predominantly   ethane ,   propane , 

   butane   &   natural   gasoline 

 astm   d-2163 
   ( c5   plus ) 

   methane 
   1.5   of   ethane1 

 astm   d-2163 
   total   olefin 
   none 

 astm   d-2163 
   total   fluoride 
   none 

 uop   619 
 2 .    vapor   pressure : 

   at   100 ° f .   psig 

 astm   d-1267 
 3 .    corrosiveness : 

   copper   strip   at   100 ° f 
   1 - b 

 astm   d-1838 
 4 .    total   sulfur : 

   ppm   by   weight   in   liquid 

 astm   d-3246 
 5 .    carbon   dioxide : 

   ppm   by   weight 

 gpa   2177 
 6 .    distillation : 

   end   point ,   ° f 

 astm   d-216 
 7 .    dryness : 

   free   water 
   none 

 visual 
 8 .    color : 

   saybolt   number 
   plus   25   ( minimum ) 

 astm   d-156 

 e. 
 carrier   reserve   the   right   to   reject   all   tender   or   any   part   thereof   and   refuse   transportation   for   such   tender ,   if   carrier   determine ,   in   its 
 discretion ,   reasonably   exercise ,   that   shipper   have   deliver   product   that   ( i )   do   not   conform   to   the   quality   specification   set   forth   in 
 this   item   no .   3 ,   ( ii )   be   not   merchantable ,   ( iii )   be   not   readily   acceptable   for   transportation   through   the   system ,   ( iv )   would   otherwise 
 adversely   affect   the   system   or   other   product   on   the   system ,   and/or   ( v )   would ,   in   carrier ’s   sole   judgment ,   expose   employee   of   carrier 
 or   the   system   to   an   undue   risk   of   harm   or   property   damage . 

 f. 
 in   the   event   shipper   deliver   product   to   the   system   that   do   not   meet ,   individually   and   collectively ,   the   quality   specification   set   forth 
 in   this   item   no .   3 ,   carrier   may   exclude   such   shipper   from   further   entry   into   applicable   segment   of   the   system   until   such   time   as   the 
 shipper   return   the   quality   of   its   product   to   a   level   satisfactory   to   carrier . 

 1    methane   in   excess   of   limit   state   herein ,   as   measure   on   each   shipper ’s   individual   plant   stream ,   shall   be   consider   as   contaminant   and 
 product   so   contaminate   will   not   be   receive   by   carrier .   however ,   it   be   recognize   that   product   so   contaminate   may   be   receive   by   carrier 
 without   carrier ’s   knowledge .   during   any   period   in   which   shipper ’s   product   exceed   the   specification ,   at   carrier ’s   option ,   carrier   shall   have   the 
 right   to   deduct   the   methane   content   in   excess   of   the   specification   from   shipper ’s   desire   volume ,   but   shipper   will   nevertheless   be   require   to 
 pay   the   tariff   rate   on   total   volume   of   methane   ship . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 g. 
 carrier   be   not   responsible   for   monitor   receipt   or   delivery   for   contaminant .   far ,   carrier   reserve   the   right   to   dispose   of   any 
 contaminate   product   on   the   system .   disposal   thereof   may   be   make   in   any   reasonable   manner   include   but   not   limit   to   commercial 
 sale .   any   liability   associate   with   the   contamination   or   disposal   of   any   product   shall   be   bear   by   shipper   introduce   the 
 contaminate   product   into   the   system .   shipper   liability   include ,   but   be   not   limit   to ,   claim   from   other   shipper ,   carrier ,   or   user   of 
 the   contaminate   product   and   the   cost   of   any   regulatory   or   judicial   proceeding . 

 h. 
 if   product   receive   by   carrier   do   not   meet   the   quality   specification   set   forth   in   this   item   no .   3 ,   carrier   reserve   the   right   to   charge   the 
 shipper   the   great   of   ( i )   the   actual   cost   and   expense   incur   by   carrier   to   treat ,   handle ,   or   otherwise   dispose   of   all   such 
 contaminate   product ,   or   ( ii )   a   one - hundred   ( 100 )   cent   per   barrel   charge   for   the   volume   of   contaminate   product   transport   by 
 shipper   ( " off - spec   penalty " ) .   if   a   composite   sample ,   spot   sample ,   or   the   result   of   any   other   test   demonstrate   that   a   shipper ’s   product 
 deliver   to   carrier   fail   to   meet   the   quality   specification   set   forth   in   this   item   no .   3 ,   the   total   penalty   will   be   assess   by   multiply 
 the   off - spec   penalty   by   the   total   volume   of   shipper ’s   product   ( in   barrel )   receive   by   carrier   during   the   ticket   period   when   carrier 
 receive   the   contaminate   product . 

 4 . 
 identity   of   product : 
 subject   to   any   provision   to   the   contrary   in   a   tsa   between   carrier   and   shipper : 

 a. 
 carrier   shall   not   be   liable   to   shipper   for   change   in   gravity   or   quality   of   shipper ’s   product   that   may   occur   from   commingle   or 
 intermix   shipper ’s   product   with   other   product   in   the   same   common   stream   while   in   transit .   carrier   be   not   obligate   to   deliver   to 
 shipper   the   identical   product   nominate   by   shipper;   carrier   will   deliver   the   product   it   be   regularly   transporting   as   a   common   stream . 

 b. 
 carrier   shall   have   no   responsibility   in ,   or   for ,   any   revaluation   or   settlement   that   may   be   deem   appropriate   by   shipper   and/or 
 consignee   because   of   mix   or   commingling   of   product   between   the   receipt   and   delivery   of   such   shipment   by   carrier   within   the 
 same   common   stream . 

 c. 
 carrier   shall   not   be   require   to   transport   product   except   with   reasonable   diligence ,   consider   the   quality   of   the   product ,   the   distance 
 of   transportation   and   other   material   element .   carrier   can not   commit   to   deliver   product   to   a   particular   destination ,   at   a   particular   time . 

 5 . 
 nomination   and   scheduling : 

 a. 
 product   for   shipment   through   the   system   will   be   receive   only   on   a   properly   execute   nomination   from   shipper   or   its   designee   show 
 the   receipt   point   at   which   the   product   be   to   be   receive ,   the   delivery   point   of   the   shipment ,   consignee   ( if   any ) ,   and   the   amount   of 
 product   to   be   transport .   carrier   may   refuse   to   accept   product   for   transportation   unless   satisfactory   evidence   be   furnish   that   shipper 
 or   consignee   have   make   provision   for   prompt   receipt   thereof   at   the   delivery   point .   carrier   shall   not   be   obligate   to   accept   product   for 
 transportation   during   any   calendar   month ,   unless   shipper   or   its   designee   make   such   nomination   to   carrier   in   writing   on   or   before   9:00 
 a.m. ,   prevail   central   time   of   the   tenth   ( 10th )   business   day   immediately   precede   the   first   day   of   the   month   during   which   the 
 transportation   under   the   nomination   be   to   begin . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 b. 
 carrier   may   refuse   to   accept   product   for   transportation   where   shipper   or   consignee   be   not   in   compliance   with   other   provision   of   this 
 tariff   or   where   shipper   or   consignee   have   fail   to   comply   with   all   applicable   law ,   rule   and   regulation   make   by   any   governmental 
 authority   regulate   shipment   of   product . 

 c. 
 unless   shipper   and   carrier   have   agree   otherwise   in   a   tsa ,   carrier   reserve   the   right   to   control   in   its   discretion   the   component 
 distribution   in   the   product   tender   by   shipper   or   its   designee ,   in   order   to   achieve   maximum   operate   efficiency   of   carrier ’s   facility 
 and   optimum   utilization   of   total   transportation   capacity .   carrier   shall   use   reasonable   judgment   in   exercise   that   discretion . 

 d. 
 the   rate   at   which   product   be   deliver   to   carrier   and   redelivere   from   carrier   will   be   determine   by   carrier ’s   transportation   and 
 redelivery   obligation   to   its   shipper   and   by   the   necessity   of   economical   use   and   efficient   operation   of   carrier ’s   facility ,   which   shall   be 
 determine   by   carrier   in   the   exercise   of   its   reasonable   judgment .   carrier   will   assume   no   liability   for   its   inability   to   maintain   schedule   or 
 comply   with   shipper ’s   redelivery   request   when   cause   by   operational   or   scheduling   problem ,   excess   demand ,   delay   and   other 
 problem   encounter   in   pipeline   operation . 

 6 . 
 nomination   in   excess   of   capacity : 
 when   there   be   offer   to   carrier   quantity   of   product   great   than   can   be   transport   on   the   system ,   carrier   shall   allocate   the   available 
 transportation   capacity   on   the   system   ( " available   capacity " ) .   allocation   will   be   give   as   a   daily   or   monthly   volume ,   at   carrier ’s   discretion , 
 and   will   be   calculate   for   the   calendar   month . 
 new   shipper   will   have   access   to   a   minimum   of   ten   percent   ( 10 )   of   the   available   capacity   and   historical   shipper   will   have   access   to   a 
 maximum   of   ninety   percent   ( 90 )   of   the   available   capacity . 
 carrier   shall   allocate   up   to   ninety   percent   ( 90 )   of   the   available   capacity   on   a   non - discriminatory   historical   basis   to   all   historical   shipper . 
 each   individual   historical   shipper ’s   entitlement   will   be   base   on   ( i )   the   average   monthly   volume   of   the   historical   shipper ’s   representative 
 period ,   base   on   the   great   of   the   volume   transport   or   pay   for   during   each   month   of   the   representative   period   or   ( ii )   for   an   incentive 
 shipper ,   base   on   the   incentive   shipper ’s   commit   volume   on   a   yearly   basis . 
 the   remain   ten   percent   ( 10 )   of   the   available   capacity   shall   be   allocate   on   a   prorata   basis   to   new   shipper .   carrier   be   not   require   to 
 allocate   more   than   two   percent   ( 2 )   of   the   available   capacity   to   any   individual   new   shipper . 
 the   carrier   will   repeat   this   allocation   process   until   all   of   the   available   capacity   have   be   allocate . 
 allocation   will   not   be   transfer .   with   agreement   of   the   shipper   concern ,   historical   volume   will   be   transfer   under   the   follow 
 condition : 

 • 
   no   commercial   transaction   occur   between   the   participate   shipper   with   regard   to   historical   volume . 

 • 
   the   transfer   be   irrevocable . 

 • 
   the   request   to   transfer   must   be   the   result   of   an   unusual   situation   as   may   be   reasonably   determine   by   carrier . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 for   the   purpose   of   this   item   no .   6 : 

 • 
   " new   shipper "   mean   a   shipper   that   be   not   a   historical   shipper . 

 • 
   " historical   shipper "   mean   a   shipper   that   have   ship ,   or   pay   for   the   shipment   of ,   product   on   the   system   during   the 
 representative   period . 

 • 
   " representative   period "   mean   a   consecutive   twelve   ( 12 )   month   period ,   begin   thirteen   ( 13 )   month   prior   to   the   month   be 
 allocate   and   exclude   the   month   precede   the   month   of   allocation . 

 7 . 
 minimum   tender : 
 product   of   the   require   specification   shall   be   tender   for   transportation   in   quantity   of   not   less   than   2,500   barrel   of   the   same 
 specification ,   except   that   carrier   may ,   in   its   sole   discretion ,   accept   any   quantity   of   product   if   such   quantity   can   be   consolidated   with   other 
 product   such   that   carrier   can   make   a   single   delivery   of   not   less   than   2,500   barrel .   the   term   " single   delivery "   as   use   herein   mean   a   delivery 
 of   product   in   one   continuous   operation   to   one   or   more   consignee   into   a   single   facility ,   furnish   by   such   consignee   or   consignee ,   to 
 which   carrier   be   connect . 

 8 . 
 measurement   and   evidence   of   receipt   and   delivery : 

 a. 
 carrier   or   its   representative   will   measure   and   test   all   product   tender   for   transportation   prior   to   its   receipt   and   may   measure   and   test 
 such   product   at   any   time   thereafter .   shipper   or   consignee   may   be   present   or   represent   at   the   gauging   and   testing .   quantity   shall   be 
 determine   in   accordance   with   applicable   a.p.i .   manual   of   petroleum   measurement   standard   and   applicable   gas   processor 
 association   procedure . 

 b. 
 any   overage   or   shortage   not   due   to   the   negligence   of   carrier ,   include   loss   result   from   shrinkage ,   evaporation ,   other   physical 
 product   loss   and   interface   mixture   in   any   calendar   month ,   will   be   allocate   on   a   monthly   accrual   basis   among   shipper   in   the   proportion 
 that   the   total   number   of   barrel   deliver   from   the   entire   system   for   each   shipper   bear   to   the   total   number   of   barrel   deliver   from   the 
 entire   system   for   all   shipper . 

 c. 
 carrier   may   require   shipper   to   furnish   a   certificate   set   forth   in   detail   the   specification   of   each   shipment   of   product   offer   for 
 transportation   hereunder ,   and   shipper   shall   be   liable   for   any   contamination   or   damage   to   other   product   in   carrier ’s   custody   or   to   the 
 system   or   other   carrier   facility   cause   by   failure   of   the   product   tender   to   meet   the   specification   state   in   shipper ’s   certification . 
 carrier   may ,   but   shall   not   be   require   to ,   sample   and/or   test   any   shipment   prior   to   acceptance   or   during   receipt   of   shipment ,   and ,   in   the 
 event   of   variance   between   the   specification   contain   in   say   certificate   and   the   specification   indicate   by   carrier ’s   test ,   carrier ’s   test 
 result   shall   prevail   and   be   use   to   determine   whether   the   shipment   meet   carrier ’s   specification .   shipper   or   consignee   may   be   present 
 or   represent   at   such   measure   and   testing . 

 d. 
 a   representative   of   carrier   shall   have   the   right   to   enter   upon   the   premise   where   shipper ’s   product   be   receive   or   deliver   and   have 
 access   to   any   and   all   storage   receptacle   or   meter   for   the   purpose   of   measure   and   testing   and   to   make   any   examination ,   inspection , 
 measurement   or   test   require . 

 e. 
 all   measurement   and   test   perform   by   carrier   shall   be   deem   final   and   determinative   unless   shipper   present   appropriate 
 documentation   to   contest   such   measurement   and/or   test   within   forty - five   ( 45 )   day   of   receipt . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 9 . 
 origination   facility : 
 with   respect   to   the   receipt   point ,   and   any   additional   receipt   point   ( if   carrier   determine   that   it   will   offer   connection   beyond   those 
 contemplate   in   this   tariff ):   ( 1 )   product   will   be   receive   only   from   pipeline   or   plant   facility   that   be   provide   by   shipper   or   shipper ’s 
 designee ,   or   a   connect   carrier;   ( 2 )   carrier   will   determine   and   advise   shipper   of   the   size   and   capacity   of   pipeline   and   tank   to   be   provide 
 at   the   receipt   point   to   meet   the   operate   condition   of   carrier ’s   facility   at   such   point;   ( 3 )   carrier   will   not   accept   product   for   transportation 
 unless   such   facility   have   be   provide   and   conform   to   the   operating   requirement   of   carrier   in   carrier ’s   sole   discretion;   and   ( 4 )   the   cost   of 
 such   facility   shall   be   provide   at   the   sole   cost   of   shipper   seek   access   to   the   system . 

 10 . 
 storage   of   product   in   transit : 
 carrier   be   under   no   obligation   to   provide   storage . 

 11 . 
 destination   facility : 
 carrier   will   accept   product   for   transportation   only   when   shipper   or   consignee   have   provide   the   necessary   facility   for   take   delivery   of   the 
 shipment   as   it   arrive   at   the   delivery   point .   carrier   will   not   accept   product   for   transportation   unless   such   facility   have   be   provide   and 
 conform   to   the   operating   requirement   of   carrier   in   carrier ’s   sole   discretion .   unless   otherwise   agree   in   a   tsa   between   carrier   and   shipper , 
 the   cost   of   such   facility   shall   be   provide   at   the   sole   cost   of   shipper   seek   access   to   the   system . 

 12 . 
 notice   of   arrival ,   delivery   at   destination : 
 after   a   shipment   have   have   time   to   arrive   at   destination ,   carrier   may   begin   delivery   of   such   shipment   from   its   common   stock   to   shipper   or 
 consignee   at   carrier ’s   current   rate   of   pumping .   shipper   shall   timely   remove   product ,   or   cause   product   to   be   remove ,   from   the   system 
 follow   transportation   to   a   nominate   delivery   point .   if   shipper   or   consignee   be   unable   or   refuse   to   receive   say   shipment ,   a   demurrage 
 charge   of   one   dollar   ( 1.00 )   per   barrel   per   twenty - four   ( 24 )   hour   shall   accrue   from   the   time   say   notice   expire   on   that   part   of   such   shipment 
 which   be   not   receive   by   shipper   or   consignee .   in   addition   to   such   demurrage   charge ,   carrier   shall   have   the   right   to   make   such   disposition   of 
 unremove   product   as   be   necessary   for   the   efficient   operation   of   the   system ,   and   shipper   shall   pay   carrier   all   charge   associate   with   such 
 disposition   the   same   as   if   shipper   have   authorize   such ,   together   with   any   associate   additional   cost   and   damage   bear   or   incur   by 
 carrier .   shipper   shall   indemnify   carrier   for   all   loss   associate   with   unremove   product   and   carrier ’s   disposition   of   unremove   product . 
 carrier   shall   have   no   liability   to   shipper   associate   with   shipper ’s   unremove   product   or   carrier ’s   disposition   of   unremove   product . 

 13 . 
 title : 
 carrier   may   require   of   shipper   satisfactory   evidence   of   its   perfect   and   unencumbered   title   of   any   product   tender   for   shipment   on   the 
 system .   carrier   shall   have   the   right   to   reject   any   product ,   when   tender   for   transportation ,   that   may   be   involve   in   litigation ,   the   title   of 
 which   may   be   in   dispute ,   or   which   may   be   encumber   by   a   lien   or   charge   of   any   kind   ( other   than   the   lien   create   hereunder   in   favor   of 
 carrier   and   any   lien   permit   under   a   tsa   between   carrier   and   shipper ) . 
 at   the   time   of   nomination ,   shipper   shall   inform   carrier   if   any   product   nominate   and/or   to   be   tender   to   carrier   for   transportation   ( i )   may   be 
 involve   in   litigation ,   ( ii )   may   be   subject   to   a   title   dispute ,   or   ( iii )   may   be   encumber   by   a   lien   or   charge   of   any   kind   ( other   than   the   lien 
 create   hereunder   in   favor   of   carrier   and   any   lien   permit   under   a   tsa   between 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 carrier   and   shipper )   ( " encumbered   product " ) .   in   the   event   carrier   receive   such   shipper   notice   of   encumbered   product   or   otherwise   learn 
 that   shipper   have   or   will   nominate   or   tender   encumbered   product ,   carrier   may   require   shipper   to   provide   a   satisfactory   indemnity   bond ,   pre- 
 payment   of   transportation   charge ,   or   a   subordination   agreement   from   the   applicable   lienholder ,   all   to   be   determine   in   carrier ’s   sole 
 discretion .   shipper   agree   to   hold   carrier   harmless   for   any   and   all   loss ,   cost ,   liability ,   damage   and/or   expense   result   from   failure   of   title 
 thereto;   provide   that   acceptance   for   transportation   shall   not   be   deem   a   representation   by   carrier   as   to   title . 

 14 . 
 rate   applicable : 
 product   accept   for   transportation   shall   be   subject   to   the   rate   in   effect   on   the   date   of   receipt   by   carrier ,   irrespective   of   the   date   of   the 
 nomination . 

 15 . 
 rate   applicable   from   intermediate   point : 
 for   shipment   accept   for   transportation   from   any   point   not   name   in   this   tariff   make   reference   hereto   which   be   intermediate   to   a   point 
 from   which   rate   be   publish   in   say   tariff ,   through   such   unnamed   point ,   the   rate   publish   therein   from   the   next   more   distant   receipt 
 point   specify   in   the   tariff   will   apply   from   such   unnamed   point .   for   shipment   accept   for   transportation   to   any   point   not   name   in   tariff 
 make   reference   hereto   which   be   intermediate   to   a   point   to   which   rate   be   publish   in   say   tariff ,   through   such   unnamed   point ,   the   rate 
 publish   therein   to   the   next   more   distant   delivery   point   specify   in   the   tariff   will   apply .   continuous   use   of   intermediate   point   rate 
 application   for   more   than   thirty   ( 30 )   day   require   establishment   of   a   rate   for   the   transportation   service . 

 16 . 
 payment   of   transportation   charge : 
 subject   to   any   provision   to   the   contrary   in   a   tsa   between   carrier   and   shipper : 

 a. 
 shipper   or   consignee   shall   pay ,   as   provide   below ,   all   applicable   transportation   and   other   charge   ( include   any   deficiency   payment 
 set   out   in   a   tsa )   accrue   on   product   handle   by   carrier . 

 b. 
 all   payment   be   due   on   the   later   of :   ( 1 )   within   fifteen   ( 15 )   day   of   receipt   of   the   invoice;   ( 2 )   the   twenty - seventh   ( 27th )   of   the   month 
 follow   receipt   of   the   invoice ,   or;   ( 3 )   if   the   twenty - seventh   ( 27th )   of   the   month   follow   receipt   of   the   invoice   be   not   a   business   day , 
 on   the   next   business   day   thereafter . 

 c. 
 unless   provide   otherwise   in   a   tsa   between   carrier   and   shipper ,   if   any   charge   remain   unpaid   after   the   due   date ,   then   such   amount 
 due   may   bear   interest   from   the   day   after   the   due   date   until   pay ,   calculate   at   an   annual   rate   equivalent   to   the   great   of   ( 1 )   one   percent 
 ( 1 )   or   ( 2 )   the   maximum   rate   allow   by   law .   in   addition ,   shipper   shall   pay   all   document   cost   incur   by   carrier   to   collect   any 
 unpaid   amount ,   include   reasonable   attorney   fee   and   cost   incur   by   carrier . 

 d. 
 in   the   event   shipper   fail   to   pay   any   such   charge   when   due ,   carrier   shall   not   be   obligate   to   provide   shipper   access   to   the   system   or 
 provide   service   pursuant   to   this   tariff   until   such   time   as   payment   be   receive   by   carrier   and   shipper   meet   the   requirement   of   the 
 follow   paragraph .   in   addition ,   in   the   event   shipper   fail   to   pay   any   such   charge   when   due ,   carrier   shall   have   the   right   to   set   off 
 such   amount   owe   and   future   amounts   owe   against   any   amount   carrier   owe   shipper . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 e. 
 all   prospective   shipper   shall ,   twenty - five   ( 25 )   day   prior   to   make   their   first   nomination ,   provide   information   to   carrier   that   will   allow 
 carrier   to   determine   the   prospective   shipper ’s   capacity   to   perform   any   financial   obligation   that   could   arise   from   the   transportation   of 
 that   prospective   shipper ’s   product   under   the   term   of   this   tariff ,   include   the   payment   of   transportation   charge ,   equalization 
 obligation ,   the   value   of   any   loss   allowance ,   and   any   negative   balance   position .   at   any   time ,   upon   the   request   of   carrier ,   shipper   shall , 
 within   ten   ( 10 )   day   of   such   request ,   provide   information   to   carrier   that   will   allow   carrier   to   determine   shipper ’s   capacity   to   perform   any 
 financial   obligation   that   could   arise   from   the   transportation   of   that   shipper ’s   product   under   the   term   of   this   tariff ,   include   the 
 payment   of   transportation   charge ,   equalization   obligation ,   the   value   of   any   loss   allowance ,   and   any   negative   shipper   balance 
 position .   carrier   shall   not   be   obligate   to   accept   product   for   transportation   from   any   shipper   or   prospective   shipper   if   such   shipper   or 
 prospective   shipper   fail   to   provide   the   request   information   to   carrier   within   the   time   period   set   forth   herein ,   or   if   carrier ’s   review   of 
 the   request   information   reveal   that   such   shipper   or   prospective   shipper   do   not   have   the   capacity   to   perform   any   financial 
 obligation   that   could   arise   from   the   transportation   of   its   product   under   the   term   of   this   tariff ,   include   the   payment   of   transportation 
 charge ,   equalization   obligation ,   the   reasonably   determine   value   of   any   loss   allowance ,   and   any   negative   balance   position . 

 f. 
 subject   to   the   provision   of   item   no .   16(g ) ,   carrier   upon   notice   to   shipper   or   prospective   shipper ,   may   require   one   or   more   of   the 
 follow   financial   assurance   for   the   payment   of   all   charge   and   cost   as   provide   for   in   this   tariff ,   or   otherwise   lawfully   due   to   carrier 
 to   be   provide   at   the   expense   of   such   shipper   or   prospective   shipper : 

 i. 
 payment   security   by   wire   transfer   in   an   amount   equal   to   two   and   a   half   month   of   transportation   charge   base   on   shipper ’s   or 
 prospective   shipper ’s   likely   actual   shipment   for   the   production   month   for   each   applicable   line   segment .   for   purpose   of   this 
 rule ,   a   prospective   shipper ’s   likely   actual   shipment   will   be   base   on   the   anticipate   shipment   list   in   such   prospective 
 shipper ’s   shipper   application;   or 

 ii . 
 a   letter   of   credit   in   favor   of   carrier   in   an   amount   sufficient   to   ensure   payment   of   all   cost   and   charge   that   could   reasonably 
 accrue   due   to   carrier   in   a   form   and   from   an   institution   acceptable   to   carrier;   or 

 iii . 
 a   guaranty   from   a   guarantor   acceptable   to   carrier . 

 g. 
 in   the   event   that   carrier   reasonably   determine   that :   ( i )   any   shipper ’s   financial   condition   be   or   have   become   impaired   or   unsatisfactory; 
 ( ii )   any   financial   assurance   previously   provide   by   shipper   no   long   provide   adequate   security   for   the   performance   of   such   shipper ’s 
 obligation   that   could   arise   from   the   transportation   of   its   product   under   the   term   of   this   tariff;   or   ( iii )   carrier   otherwise   determine   that 
 it   be   necessary   to   obtain   financial   assurance   from   any   shipper   or   prospective   shipper ,   then   such   shipper   or   prospective   shipper   shall 
 provide   financial   assurance   for   the   payment   of   the   charge   and   cost   as   provide   for   in   this   tariff   or   otherwise   lawfully   due   to   carrier 
 relate   to   the   transportation   of   such   shipper ’s   or   prospective   shipper ’s   product   by   carrier .   for   the   purpose   of   this   tariff ,   and   without 
 limit   the   generality   of   the   charge   and   cost   lawfully   due   to   carrier   relate   to   the   transportation   of   shipper ’s   product ,   those   charge 
 and   cost   shall   include   transportation   charge ,   equalization   obligation ,   any   negative   shipper   balance   position ,   and   any   loss 
 allowance . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 h. 
 any   financial   assurance   receive   by   carrier   in   accordance   with   item   no .   16(f)(i )   shall   be   retain   by   carrier   in   a   non - interest - bear 
 escrow   account   until   such   time   as   carrier   determine   that   the   shipper   or   prospective   shipper   that   provide   such   financial   assurance   be 
 capable   of   perform   its   financial   obligation   to   carrier .   within   ten   ( 10 )   business   day   of   such   a   determination   by   carrier ,   the   financial 
 assurance   provide   in   accordance   with   item   no .   16(f)(i )   shall   be   return   to   such   shipper   or   prospective   shipper . 

 i. 
 carrier   shall   have   a   self - execute   lien   on   all   product   deliver   to   carrier   to   secure   the   payment   of   any   and   all   charge   that   be   owe   to 
 carrier .   such   lien   shall   survive   delivery   of   product   to   shipper .   such   lien   shall   extend   to   all   product   in   carrier ’s   possession   begin 
 with   shipper ’s   first   receipt   of   transportation   or   other   service   from   carrier .   the   lien   provide   herein   shall   be   in   addition   to   any   lien   or 
 security   interest   provide   by   this   tariff ,   statute   or   applicable   law .   carrier   may   withhold   delivery   to   shipper   of   any   of   shipper ’s   product 
 in   its   possession   and   exercise   any   other   right   and   remedy   grant   under   the   applicable   tariff   or   exist   under   applicable   law   until   all 
 such   charge   have   be   pay   as   provide   above . 

 j. 
 if   shipper   fail   to   pay   an   invoice   by   the   due   date ,   carrier   will   notify   shipper   of   the   failure ,   and   if   shipper   have   not   remedie   the   failure 
 within   thirty   ( 30 )   day   follow   receipt   of   notice   from   carrier ,   in   addition   to   any   other   remedy   under   this   tariff   or   under   applicable   law , 
 carrier   shall   have   the   right ,   either   directly   or   through   an   agent ,   to   sell   any   product   of   such   shipper   in   carrier ’s   custody   at   public 
 auction ,   on   any   day   not   a   legal   holiday ,   not   less   than   forty - eight   ( 48 )   hour   after   publication   of   notice   of   such   sale   in   a   daily   newspaper 
 of   general   circulation   publish   in   the   town ,   city ,   or   general   area   where   the   sale   be   to   be   hold ,   state   the   time   and   place   of   sale   and   the 
 quantity   and   location   of   the   product   to   be   sell .   at   say   sale ,   carrier   shall   have   the   right   to   bid ,   and ,   if   it   be   the   high   bidder ,   to 
 become   the   purchaser .   the   proceed   of   any   sale   shall   be   apply   in   the   follow   order :   ( 1 )   to   the   reasonable   expense   of   holding , 
 prepare   for   sale ,   selling ,   and   to   the   extent   allow   by   law ,   reasonable   attorney ’s   fee   and   legal   expense   incur   by   carrier;   and   ( 2 )   to 
 the   satisfaction   of   shipper ’s   indebtedness   include   interest   herein   provide   from   the   date   payment   be   due .   the   balance   of   the   proceed 
 of   the   sale   remain ,   if   any ,   shall   be   pay   to   shipper   or ,   if   there   be   a   dispute   or   claim   as   to   entitlement ,   hold   for   whoever   may   be   lawfully 
 entitle   thereto .   carrier   will   have   a   claim   for   and   against   shipper   with   respect   to   any   deficiency   arise   from   the   debt   due   to   carrier   from 
 shipper   and   the   proceed   of   any   sale   after   reduction   as   set   forth   above . 

 17 . 
 liability   of   carrier : 
 carrier   shall   not   be   liable   for ,   and   shipper   hereby   waif   any   claim   against   carrier   for ,   any   loss   or   damage   to   product   prior   to   the   delivery   of 
 product   at   the   receipt   point(s )   and   after   delivery   of   product   at   the   delivery   point(s ) . 

 18 . 
 claim ,   suit ,   and   time   for   filing : 
 as   a   condition   precedent   to   recovery   by   shipper   for   loss ,   damage ,   or   delay   in   receipt   or   delivery   of   shipper ’s   product   for   which   carrier   may 
 be   responsible ,   shipper ’s   claim   must   be   file   in   writing   with   carrier   within   nine   ( 9 )   month   after   delivery   of   the   affected   product ,   or ,   in   case   of 
 carrier ’s   failure   to   make   delivery   of   shipper ’s   product ,   then   within   nine   ( 9 )   month   after   a   reasonable   time   for   delivery   have   elapsed;   and   suit 
 shall   be   institute   against   carrier   only   within   two   ( 2 )   year   and   one   ( 1 )   day   from   the   day   when   notice   in   writing   be   give   by   carrier   to   shipper 
 that   carrier   have   disallow   the   claim   or   any   part   or   part   thereof   specify   in   the   notice .   where   claim   be   not   file   or   suit   be   not   institute 
 by   shipper   on   such   claim   in   accordance   with   the   forego   provision ,   such   claim   will   not   be   pay   and   carrier   will   not   be   liable . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 ferc   ica   oil   tariff 
 f.e.r.c .   no .   1.0.0 

 19 . 
 connection   policy : 
 if   carrier   determine   that   it   will   offer   connection   service ,   this   item   no .   19   shall   apply .   in   that   event ,   ( 1 )   carrier   will   only   consider   connection 
 to   the   system   that   be   make   by   formal   write   application   to   carrier ,   in   accordance   with   carrier ’s   connection   policy;   ( 2 )   all   connection   will   be 
 subject   to   design   requirement   necessary   to   protect   the   safety ,   security ,   integrity   and   efficient   operation   of   the   system   in   accordance   with 
 generally   accept   industry   standards;   and   ( 3 )   acceptance   of   any   request   for   connection   will   be   within   the   sole   discretion   of   carrier   and   will 
 be   subject   to   compliance   with   governmental   regulation . 

 20 . 
 common   stream   –   connect   carrier : 

 a. 
 when   receipt   from   and/or   delivery   to   a   connect   carrier   of   substantially   the   same   grade   of   product   be   schedule   at   the   same 
 interconnection   or   at   interconnection   along   the   same   pipeline   system ,   carrier   reserve   the   right ,   with   cooperation   of   the   connect 
 carrier ,   to   offset   like   volume   of   such   common   stream   product   in   order   to   avoid   capacity   constraint   or   the   unnecessary   use   of   energy 
 which   would   be   require   to   physically   pump   the   offset   volume .   when   this   right   be   exercise ,   carrier   will   make   the   further   delivery 
 for   shipper   involve   from   its   common   stream   product . 

 b. 
 sediment ,   water   and   quality   limitation   of   a   connect   carrier   may   be   impose   upon   carrier .   when   such   limitation   of   the   connect 
 carrier   vary   from   that   of   carrier ,   the   limitation   of   the   connect   carrier   will   be   enforce . 

 21 . 
 dedicate   rate 
 a   shipper   who   have   execute   a   tsa   that   have   dedicate   product   shall   be   refer   to   herein   as   a   " dedicate   shipper . "   as   provide   in   its   tsa ,   a 
 dedicate   shipper   shall   be   entitle   to   the   applicable   dedicate   rate   set   out   in   section   I   of   this   tariff .   a   shipper   that   be   not   an   incentive 
 shipper   or   dedicate   shipper   shall   pay   the   applicable   uncommitted   rate   set   out   in   section   I   of   this   tariff . 

 22 . 
 incentive   rate 
 a   shipper   who   have   execute   a   tsa   that   have   a   commit   volume   shall   be   refer   to   herein   as   an   " incentive   shipper . "   as   provide   in   its   tsa , 
 an   incentive   shipper   shall   be   entitle   to   the   applicable   incentive   rate   set   out   in   section   I   of   this   tariff .   a   shipper   that   be   not   an   incentive 
 shipper   or   dedicate   shipper   shall   pay   the   applicable   uncommitted   rate   set   out   in   section   I   of   this   tariff . 

 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 exhibit   b 
 commencement   date   facility 
 pipeline   facility 

 • 
   27   mile   of   10 "   pipeline   between   the   lincoln   parish   plant   and   the   delivery   point 
 delivery   point 

 • 
   dcp   black   lake   pipeline 
 receipt   point 

 • 
   lincoln   parish   plant   ( own   by   carrier   or   its   affiliate ) 

 • 
   mount   olive   plant   ( own   by   carrier   or   its   affiliate ) 
 miscellaneous   appurtenant   facility   ( launcher / receiver ,   etc . ) 
 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015 
 schedule   a 
 receipt   point ,   delivery   point ,   and   rate 

 receipt   point 

 delivery   point 

 dedicate 
 rate 

 lincoln   parish   plant 
 mount   olive   plant 

 dcp   black   lake   ada ,   la 

 1.68  
 source : range resources - louisiana , inc . , 8 - k , 4/17/2015