exhibit 10.16 market affili agreement thi agreement is made thi 1st day of octob 2008 , ( the “ effect date ” ) , by and between equidata , inc. , a corpor organ under the law of virginia with it princip place of busi at 724 thimbl shoal boulevard newport news , virginia 23606 ( “ equidata ” ) , and nation credit report.com , llc a corpor organ under the law of florida , with it princip place of busi at 7700 n. congress ave , suit 3113 , boca raton fl33487 ( “ market affili ” ) . recit therefor , if accept all parti agre that the follow shall constitut a market agreement between the parti . term and condit permiss . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , market affili may display market materi at it princip place ( s ) of busi , or at the princip place ( s ) of it third parti partner , togeth with a link from the market affili web site to fquidata ( and it partner ) web site . market materi may also be use in the market of potenti custom through direct mail and person solicit as well as inbound and outbound telemarket . market affili may not otherwis offer for sale , market , sell or distribut the servic of equidata without express written permiss . 1. equidata provid certain person credit , fraud detect , credit score servic and credit monitor for consum , the ( “ servic ” ) . 2. market affili and equidata wish to enter into an agreement under which market affili may market the servic . 3. market affili wish to market the servic indirectli through third parti program , direct mail , internet and both inbound and outbound telemarket . in addit , each may own and oper a web site util direct access to the servic through internet link . 1. compens . market affili shall be respons for collect all amount due directli from the consum and shall bear sole respons for non-pay of ani fee charg to the consum . market affili shall pay to equidata , as compens for it provid of servic under thi agreement , such amount as outlin and detail in exhibit a attach hereto . such amount shall be bill on a bi-monthli basi by equidata and are due and payabl in full by market affili 30 day from the invoic date . the price set forth in exhibit a do not includ regulatori fee , sale tax , excis tax or ani other fee or tax that may be charg by state or local tax author nor doe it includ addit fee or surcharg , includ specif area affili charg that may be access by the credit report agenc ( cra ’ s ) . said amount charg to equidata will be bill separ to market affili and are due immedi upon receipt . market affili agre to reimburs equidata all cost of collect ani past due amount from market affili by reason of non payment , includ reason attorney fee and disburs . equidata reserv the right to increas the base cost of servic . notic will be given to market affili in write no less than 30 day prior to such increas take affect . a develop fee , yet to be determin and outlin in exhibit a , is due upon a sign agreement of project scope . market affili agre to pay promptli and in full all charg incur through servic render when bill . when pay by credit card , the market affili agre to pay for all item that are revok or disput by the credit card compani or the card holder along with ani charg or fee charg by the credit card compani includ fee associ with process the credit card transact and that the market affili will be bill for those item in accord with equidata standard practic . market affili and the undersign princip , partner or owner further agre that thi agreement will serv as a person guaranti by the undersign princip , partner or owner of the compani , and the undersign princip , partner or owner will becom respons for ani unpaid balanc past due on ani invoic . the market affili agre to pay a late charg of 1 l/2 per month on the unpaid , past-du amount as well as a return check fee of not less than 35.00 per return item . in addit , the market affili agre to pay 25 attorney ’ s fee plu court cost in the event that the market affili ’ s account is refer to an attorney for collect . 2. disput . in the case of disput charg , defin as a non-pay of an invoic for which notic of disput ha been given in write by market affili to equidata , equidata or market affili may choos arbitr and market affili and equidata shall be oblig by the term agre upon by arbitr and all moni determin owe shall be consid due and payabl immedi . such arbitr doe not reliev market affili from it oblig to promptli pay for undisput charg in accord with the term of thi agreement . such disput shall be settl by arbitr in the citi of newport news , virginia . market affili shall give equidata written demand of disput within 10 day of the due date of the invoic . the demand shall set forth a statement for the natur of the disput and the amount involv . if equidata and market affili can not resolv the disput on their own within 10 day after equidata receiv said disput , the parti shall jointli select an arbitr . initi : /s/ ip sourc : steel vault corp , 10-k , 12/24/2008 if the parti do not agre on the select of an arbitr , each parti will select an arbitr of their choos , and the two arbitr will jointli select a third arbitr ( s ) . not later than 5 calendar day after the arbitr ( s ) have been select , the arbitr ( s ) shall schedul the arbitr hear to commenc on a mutual conveni date . the hear shall commenc no later than 25 calendar day after equidata receiv receipt of disput from market affili and shall continu from day to day until complet . the arbitr ( s ) shall issu an award in write no later than 10 calendar day after the conclus of the hear . the arbitr award shall be final and bind on both parti . 3. oper specif . market affili and equidata shall agre upon oper specif pertain to the methodolog and logist of data transfer and databas coordin . upon mutual agreement as to the oper specif , they shall be deem to be a part of thi agreement by way of an exhibit . both parti must agre upon ani chang to the oper specif in write . ani such chang will be deem to be a part of the oper specif . 4. non-solicit of client . market affili shall not directli or indirectli solicit an exist busi custom of equidata dure the term and condit of thi agreement other than for joint market purpos . further , market affili shall not market similar product from compet compani on ani web site land page contain the equidata or market affili web link as long as thi agreement is in effect . 5. complianc . market affili nor equidata , shall engag in ani practic or activ that is not in complianc with the fair credit report act ( fcra ) , the fair debt collect practic act ( fdcpa ) and the health insur portabl and account act ( hipaa ) as well as , but not limit to , ani practic or activ that : 5.1. violat ani applic law or regul ; includ but not limit to the sale of illeg good or the violat of export control or obscen law ; that invad the privaci of ani third parti ; that are in ani way connect with the transmiss of “ junk mail ” , “ spam ” or the unsolicit mass distribut of e-mail , or with ani uneth market practic . 5.2. is mislead , decept , confus or abus as outlin in the telemarket fraud prevent act ; 5.3. make ani represent or statement , or grant ani warranti or creat ani other oblig with respect to the servic , that is in addit to or otherwis inconsist with ani represent , statement or warranti state expressli by equidata . 5.4. use market materi , media or method that are not approv , includ , but nor limit to telemarket script . such approv shall not be unreason withheld and shall be complet within 48 hour of receipt of market materi for review . 5.5. doe not meet the standard for good industri practic for the direct market industri . 5.6. further guidelin and requir are provid in exhibit b and c. 6. audit . equidata may audit , at equidata ’ s expens , the market affili ’ s market , practic and activ for the purpos of assur complianc with thi agreement . equidata reserv the right to site inspect market affili ’ s physic locat of busi at ani time . 7. term and termin . thi agreement commenc on the effect date , and termin , along with all licens and author grant under it , upon the earliest of termin in accord with the follow . 7.1. thi agreement shall be for the term of one year ; thereaft , the agreement shall renew automat under these same term and agreement unless superced by futur agreement . 7.2. thi agreement may be termin by either parti with caus upon thirti ( 30 ) day written notic . upon market affili ’ s default in payment or other breach of thi agreement , equidata may termin thi agreement without notic to market affili . upon termin for ani reason , equidata reserv the right to deactiv market affili ’ s access to the servic includ the equidata web site . termin doe not releas market affili from pay all amount owe to equidata . 7.3. at time of agreement termin , market affili shall immedi remov all url relat data pertain to said agreement ; and if data is not voluntarili remov , equidata reserv the right to use all avail legal resourc to forc the remov of equidata url relat data and market affili agre to be liabl for the cost of such action , includ but not limit to reason attorney fee . 7.4. equidata reserv the right to termin thi agreement immedi for caus if experian , equifax and/or transunion ( credit report agenc — cra ) declin to render servic to market affili for ani reason or if equidata is notifi by ani of the cra to ceas render servic to market affili . 8. represent and warranti . market affili repres and warrant that : 8.1 market affili doe not engag in ani busi with respect to , and the market affili web site will not be use , or display ani materi , in ani form or medium , in connect with a credit clinic , credit repair or restor , credit counsel firm , financi counsel firm , detect agenc , privat investig , secur servic , practic of law , news report or journal , or fraudul or uneth conduct . 8.2. the inform regard market affili set forth in thi agreement , and the inform provid to equidata with respect to market affili and the market affili web site , is accur ; and 8.3. market affili ’ s busi , includ without limit ani busi conduct in connect with the market sourc : steel vault corp , 10-k , 12/24/2008 affili web site , doe not violat ani applic law , regul , court order or materi agreement to which market affili is subject . 8.4. equidata warrant that it is an author provid of the servic as outlin in thi agreement and that it ha the abil to provid said servic in the manner describ herein . of 3 initi : /s/ ip sourc : steel vault corp , 10-k , 12/24/2008 accept and agre : execut two ( 2 ) copi and return execut copi to : 9. indemnif . equidata and market affili each herebi agre to defend , indemnifi and hold harmless each other and each of it employe , agent , offic , director and sharehold from and against ani claim , suit , demand or action aris from breach of ani warranti under thi agreement or failur to provid servic under thi agreement . 10. proprietari inform . market affili and equidata mutual acknowledg that from time to time confidenti inform may be receiv by each . confidenti inform , includ , but is not limit to , custom name and list . the receiv parti may not disclos or use the disclos parti ’ s confidenti and proprietari inform for ani reason other than in the perform of thi agreement . it is agre ani inform receiv or collect by market affili about it custom or potenti custom , includ inform use to enrol custom is proprietari as defin by thi section and will not be use by equidata in ani manner other than as outlin herein . 11. liabil . market affili acknowledg and agre that ani product , servic , licens or permiss provid by equidata under thi agreement is provid on an “ as is ” basi . equidata expressli disclaim ani warranti of ani kind whatsoev , whether express , impli , statutori , or aris from cours of deal or perform , and herebi disclaim and exclud from thi agreement all impli warranti , includ without limit warranti of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , noninfring , noninterfer with data , accuraci , or that the servic is error free . in no event will equidata be liabl for ani indirect , exemplari , punit , special , or consequenti damag includ without limit lost profit or other econom loss , lost reimburs , and lost data , or for ani claim by ani third parti . even if equidata , market affili or both had been advis of the possibl of such damag or claim , market affili agre to defend , indemnifi and hold harmless equidata , and each of it employe , agent , offic and director , from and against ani claim , suit , demand , or action , includ without limit attorney fee , aris from ( a ) breach of thi agreement by market affili , ( b ) the market affili web site , or ( c ) market affili ’ s busi . 12. miscellan . thi agreement bind and inur to the benefit of each parti ’ s permit successor , assign and legal repres , includ the purchas of the stock or asset of either parti hereto . no deleg by either parti of ani duti hereund shall be deem an assign of thi agreement , nor shall ani chang in control or an assign of by oper of law by either parti be deem an assign hereund . ani failur or delay in exercis , or ani singl or partial exercis of , ani right or remedi by either parti may not be deem a waiver of ani further , prior , or futur right or remedi hereund . thi agreement is govern by and constru in accord with the law of the state of virginia . all notic requir to be given in write must be sent by overnight deliveri servic to the name and address design in thi agreement or to such other address that the receiv parti may in advanc design by written notic . notic is deem effect on the day after deliveri by the overnight carrier . if ani provis of thi agreement is declar invalid , the other provis remain in full forc and effect and thi agreement is deem to be amend to replac , to the extent legal possibl , the right and oblig contain in the invalid provis . the invalid of ani provis is not a failur of consider . the parti shall oper as independ contractor in perform their oblig under the agreement and shall have exclus control of the manner and mean of perform such oblig . each parti shall be sole respons for supervis , daili direct and control of it employe and payment of their salari , worker ’ s compens , disabl and other benefit . noth in the agreement shall be constru as make either parti the agent of the other parti , as grant to the other parti the right to enter into ani contract on behalf of the other parti , or as establish an associ , franchis , joint ventur or partnership between the parti . under no circumst shall the employe of one parti be deem to be employe of the other for ani purpos . thi agreement constitut the entir understand of the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof , and supersed all prior or contemporan agreement , statement and represent , oral or written , between the parti relat to the subject matter of the agreement . no represent or promis , or modif or amend to thi agreement is bind on either parti unless in write sign by author repres of both parti . compani name : equidata , inc. market affili name : nation credit report llc address : 724 thimbl shoal blvd . newport news , va 23606 address : 7700 n congress ave , suit 3113 boca raton , fl phone number : 757-873-0519 / 800-288-9809 fax : 757-873-1224 phone number : 561-910 8900 email address : kchaseequidata.com email address : ivan.posniaknationalcreditreport.com print name : kitti chase print name : ivan posniak titl : svp titl : ceo signatur : /s/ kitti chase signatur : /s/ ivan posniak of 3 initi : /s/ ip sourc : steel vault corp , 10-k , 12/24/2008