exhibit 10.27 market affili agreement between : birch first global invest inc. and mount knowledg hold inc. date : may 8 , 2014 sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 1 . 2 . 2.1 2.2 thi market affili agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) is enter into thi 8th day of may 2014 , by and between birch first global invest inc. , a corpor incorpor in the u.s. virgin island , with it main place of busi locat 9100 havensight , port of sale , ste . 15/16 , st. thoma , vi 0080 ( refer to as “ compani ” ) and mount knowledg hold inc. and/or assign , a corpor incorpor in the state of nevada , with it main place of busi locat at 228 park avenu s. 56101 new york , ny 10003­1502 ( refer to as “ market affili ” or “ ma ” ) . wherea , thi agreement is to set forth in a formal agreement the prior verbal understand between the parti in place sinc decemb 31 , 2012 pertain to the busi describ hereinbelow ; and wherea , compani , the owner of certain distribut right to the technolog , technolog and content as set forth in exhibit a and relat technic document ( hereaft collect refer to as technolog , wish to contract for the market and/or support of the technolog , and ma wish to market and/or support the technolog . accordingli , compani and ma agre as follow : effect date and term . thi agreement shall begin upon the date of it execut by ma and accept in write by compani and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automat renew for success one ( 1 ) year period unless otherwis termin accord to the cancel or termin provis contain in paragraph 18 of thi agreement . compani and ma acknowledg that thi agreement is not a franchis as that term is defin under ani and all applic local , state and/or feder law in u.s. , as amend . grant of right . gener right . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , compani herebi grant to ma the right to advertis , market and sell to corpor user , govern agenc and educ facil ( “ client ” ) for their own intern languag learn , soft skill and commun purpos onli , and not for remarket or redistribut , and not for use in a data center environ for multipl user client , unless otherwis agre to by compani prior in write , the technolog list in schedul a of thi agreement , and to sell and/or bundl technolog mainten for the technolog and to provid first line technic support and implement servic for the technolog in the territori list in schedul a of thi agreement , provid ma meet the criteria requir for deliv servic accord to schedul a. third parti right . compani and ma acknowledg that compani deriv certain right herein from third parti and that compani reserv the right to modifi or amend thi agreement if mandat by such third parti . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 3 . 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 duti of ma . best effort . ma agre to use it best effort to market and licens the technolog to client consist with the term of thi agreement . licens agreement . ma shall execut a compani licens agreement/cli registr form with client and present that licens agreement/cli registr form to compani after each purchas of the technolog . upon the execut of thi agreement , compani shall provid copi of it end user licens agreement to ma . ma shall promptli review such agreement and advis compani as to what revis , if ani , should be made to the end user licens agreement for resal in the territori set forth in schedul a to ensur that the agreement compli with requir of local law in the territori , and that compani ha protect concern proprietari right , warranti disclaim and limit of liabil under such local and feder law of the u.s. for purpos of thi agreement , the technolog mean the electron access to program , content and document , and compani 's end user licens agreement as it may be modifi by compani for use in the territori . the relationship between the corpor user and compani and/or it affili shall be as specifi in the applic compani end user licens agreement . notwithstand the forego , as between compani and ma , ma shall be respons as defin for provid custom and technic support to end user in the territori . ma will notifi compani immedi in the event that it is unabl to respond effect to ani end user ’ request . copyright and trademark . ma shall protect copyright , tradenam , trademark , servic mark , trade secret and other confidenti proprietari right and inform of compani and it affili and report promptli ani infring or suspect infring of which ma becom awar and to cooper fulli with compani in it effort to protect it copyright , tradenam , trademark , servic mark , trade secret and other confidenti proprietari right and inform . no altern . ma agre not to remov or alter in ani manner ani copyright , trademark or other proprietari notic contain in the technolog . permit , licens and complianc with law . ma shall be respons and shall bear all cost for compli with local , state , provinci , feder , nation , and intern statut , rule , regul and ordin of ani kind which relat to or affect ma ’ s duti under thi agreement . product support . ma agre , when specifi , to provid client with the support necessari to meet the reason need and requir for instal and oper of the technolog . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 3.7 3.8 3.9 ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) ( d ) 3.10 3.11 3.12 sale record . ma shall keep accur record of the sale of the technolog and mainten , includ client registr card and shall make these record avail for review by a repres of compani within ten ( 10 ) busi day follow the end of each month . sale and technic train . ma shall attend initi market , applic , and technic train as requir and provid by compani ; provid , howev , that compani shall not requir ma to market or support technolog accord to a market plan or system prescrib in substanti part by compani . the ma will howev , be respons to display and explain in detail the method by which they plan to achiev the assign quota . sale report . ma shall report period in write , upon request to compani the statu of the follow : lead provid by compani market activ in progress sale forecast implement in progress ma shall appoint one of it employe to be respons for such report and make the name of such employe avail to compani . market plan . ma shall submit an annual market plan to compani outlin , among other thing , activ and staf direct at attain mutual agre upon annual sale quota . the annual quota is defin in schedul a of thi agreement . the annual market plan shall be devis sole by ma and ma shall not be requir to follow an oper plan , standard procedur , train manual , or it substanti equival , publish by compani . busi practic . compani shall not specifi the busi practic of ma , nor regul the manner in which ma shall oper it busi , provid that ma ( a ) conduct busi in a manner that reflect favor at all time on the technolog sold and the good name , goodwil and reput of compani and it affili ; ( b ) avoid decept , mislead or uneth practic that are or might be detriment to compani and/or it affili , the technolog or the public , includ but not limit to disparag of compani or the technolog ; ( c ) make no fals or mislead represent with respect to compani or the technolog ; and ( d ) make no represent with respect to compani or the technolog that are inconsist with ani applic licens agreement ( s ) for the technolog provid by compani , promot materi and other literatur distribut by compani pertain specif to the technolog , includ all liabil limit and disclaim contain in such materi . support and servic center . ma may be requir to establish and maintain support servic in the territori set forth in schedul a to provid market , sale and servic support of the technolog licens from compani . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 4 . 4.1 4.2 ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) ( d ) ( e ) 4.3 4.4 4.5 5. duti of compani . commit . so long as ma is not in default hereund , compani agre to provid technolog to ma in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement . deliver . upon the request of ma , compani shall at price or fee then in effect or mutual agre upon by the parti : provid technolog to ma at the discount price shown in schedul a , subject to compani ’ s right to chang it price or fee pursuant to paragraph 13 of thi agreement . make avail a reason market inform , demonstr and other sales/market aid avail from compani relat to the technolog to ma shown in schedul a. make avail market train and support to ma relat to the technolog in schedul a. make avail technic train and support to ma relat to the technolog in schedul a. make avail updat of the technolog to ma as they may becom avail for distribut . no control . compani shall not requir that ma be limit as to the type , quantiti or qualiti of ani product or servic that ma sell or desir to sell . no resal limit . unless otherwis state in thi agreement , compani shall not requir that ma be limit to the person or account to which it may market , distribut or sublicens ani product or servic that ma sell or desir to sell , includ without limit , the technolog , within the territori as defin in schedul a of thi agreement . no procedur . compani shall not requir procedur for which ma may deal with client howev will requir reason level of satisfact from the client relat to the servic provid by the ma . annual quota . the annual quota for ma shall be defin in schedul a of thi agreement . compani reserv the right to adjust or modifi the annual quota upon renew of thi agreement or from time to time by mutual agreement of the parti . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 6 . 7 . 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 8 . 8.1 8.2 territori . the territori for ma shall be defin in schedul a of thi agreement . compani reserv the right to adjust or modifi the territori upon renew of thi agreement or from time to time by mutual agreement of the parti . payment and deliveri . payment term . when fee are not collect directli from the corpor user , ma agre to pay compani , in the manner and at the time specifi below , the fee ( s ) on compani ’ s current price list in effect at the time an order is receiv by compani as set forth in schedul a. currenc . all moni due compani shall be remit in unit state dollar . amount due to compani are to be calcul base upon the inform contain in schedul a of thi agreement . requir document . ma shall make payment for all technolog accord to the term in schedul a of thi agreement , and provid upon resal of ani part of the technolog , two ( 2 ) sign copi of the compani licens agreement/cli registr card between compani and client . payment for servic , train and support . servic , train and support , when applic and provid by compani , shall be paid for by ma accord to agre upon term , and a monthli bill report will be creat for ma by compani to show util of time and charg . a late payment charg of one and one-half percent ( 1 ½ ) or the maximum rate permit by applic law , whichev is less , of the outstand balanc due to compani per month will be impos on all overdu account . shipment and deliveri . ani materi shall be ship fob compani ’ s place of busi as set forth in schedul a , and ma shall be respons for ani excis , sale and other tax which may be levi on the licens and shipment of such materi . delay . in the event of ani caus beyond the control of compani , compani shall not be liabl for ani delay in shipment or non-deliveri of the technolog cover under thi agreement beyond ani amount receiv with an order . modif and version upgrad . compani shall suppli ma access to all major publish modif or upgrad to the technolog , which add enhanc to or correct known error in the technolog . compani shall provid technolog access to ma for each licens custom so long as ma is not in default with ani term of thi agreement . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 8.3 8.4 9 . 10. ma shall notifi compani in write of ani error found by it in the technolog within thirti ( 30 ) day of such discoveri . compani will undertak all reason effort to provid technic assist to ma under thi agreement when ma is unabl to resolv certain technic issu and to rectifi or provid solut to problem where the technolog doe not function as describ in the technolog document , but compani doe not guarante that the problem will be solv or that ani item will be error-fre . thi product support commit is onli applic to compani ’ s technolog run under the certifi environ specifi in the releas note of the end user licens agreement for that technolog or packag . compani may from time to time , howev , discontinu technolog or version and stop support technolog or version one year after discontinu , or otherwis discontinu ani support servic . compani is not liabl for incident , special or consequenti damag for ani reason ( includ loss of data or other busi or properti damag ) , even if forese or if ma or custom ha advis of such a claim . compani 's liabil shall not exceed the fee that ma ha paid under thi agreement . ma agre that the price for the servic would be substanti higher but for these limit . trademark and servic mark . ani tradenam , trademark or servic mark , which compani may obtain with regard to the technolog , are the sole properti of compani and/or it affili . compani herebi grant ma , dure the term of thi agreement , the right to use compani and/or compani trade name , trademark or servic mark on technolog or in advertis or promot relat directli to these product . ani use of such tradenam , trademark or servic mark must refer that these tradenam , trademark or servic mark are proprietari to compani and/or it affili . titl to the technolog . ma acknowledg that ma and it client receiv no titl to the technolog contain on the technolog . titl to the technolog and all copyright in technolog shall remain with compani and/or it affili . compani agre to defend or , at it option , settl ani claim or action against ma to the extent aris from a third parti claim that a permit use of the technolog by the end user infring ani u.s. patent or copyright , provid compani ha control of such defens or settlement negoti and ma give compani prompt notic of ani such claim and provid reason assist in it defens . in the event of such a claim of infring , compani , at it option , may provid ma with substitut technolog reason satisfactori to ma to replac those affect technolog then in ma 's inventori . compani will not be liabl under thi section if the infring aris out of ma 's activ after compani ha notifi ma that compani believ in good faith that ma 's activ will result in such infring . the forego state the entir liabil of compani with respect to infring of intellectu properti right . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 11 . 12 . 12.1 12.2 12.3 13 . 14. distribut by ma . ma agre to distribut technolog onli through the compani licens agreement/cli registr card between the client and compani . ma acknowledg that the compani licens agreement/ client registr card specifi the term under which a client receiv , hold and use the packag or servic . trade secret and sourc code . ma recogn that the technolog in sourc form ( code or list ) is the exclus properti of compani and/or it affili and is proprietari to and the trade secret of compani and/or it affili . ma agre that it shall not , by itself or in associ with ani other parti , reproduc , duplic , copi , decompil , disassembl or revers engin the technolog in sourc form ( code or list ) in ani media . ma shall further hold in confid and shall not disclos ani inform , algorithm , method , design , specif , and/or know-how in ani way relat to the technolog in sourc form ( code or list ) to ani other person , firm or corpor whether dure the term of thi agreement or after such agreement ha been termin . ma shall not have the right to modifi the sourc code to make adapt to the technolog in conjunct with the sale of the technolog without the written consent of compani . in the event of modifi sourc code , onli the modifi portion of the code becom the properti of ma , and ma shall treat the modifi sourc code with the same care as with compani sourc code . price chang and notif . compani reserv the right to chang it process and/or fee , from time to time , in it sole and absolut discret . in the event of a price and/or fee chang for technolog , compani shall notifi ma in write nineti ( 90 ) day prior to the effect date of ani such chang . all other price and/or fee may be adjust without prior notic to ma . relationship of the parti . ma shall be deem to be an independ contractor in it relationship with compani . ma shall not hold itself out as an employe or agent of compani other than for the limit purpos of market the technolog . no debt or oblig shall be incur by either parti in the other parti ’ s name , includ execut of the client registr agreement . ma shall have the right to perform certain servic for it client , such as train , instal and non-contract support and bill it client directli for such servic . ma specif understand and agre that it shall not be treat as an employe with respect to such servic as are perform for ani applic tax purpos ; and it is further agre that thi agreement shall not bring ma under the provis of ani local , state , provinci , feder , nation , and intern regul wherein coverag thereund is base upon the relationship of employ and employe . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 15 . 16 . 16.1 16.2 16.3 16.4 16.5 unauthor use . ma shall notifi compani promptli of ani misus of unauthor use of the technolog , which come to the attent of ma , and shall notifi it client upon the request of compani when compani believ such technolog are be misus . ma shall cooper , at compani ’ s reason expens , with compani in ani action , includ ani legal action , which compani may feel is necessari in order to protect the technolog . warranti by compani . except as exclus set forth in thi paragraph , compani doe not make ani express or impli warranti , includ but not restrict to the impli warranti of merchant and fit for a particular purpos , which warranti are herebi disclaim . compani ’ s sole and exclus liabil for the warranti provid in subparagrah ( a ) hereof shall be to correct the technolog to oper in substanti accord with it then current specif or replac , at it option , the technolog not in complianc with compani ’ s and compani ’ publish specif regard the technolog ; provid , ani claim for breach of warranti under subparagraph ( a ) hereof must be made in write within ( 90 ) day from date of shipment . in no event shall compani be liabl to “ ma ” , it client , or ani third parti for ani tort or contract damag or indirect , special , gener , incident or consequenti damag , includ but not limit to , loss of profit or anticip profit and loss of goodwil , aris in connect with the use ( or inabl to use ) or distribut of the technolog for ani purpos whatsoev . some state and/or countri do not allow the exclus of impli warranti , so the abov exclus may not appli to you . thi warranti give you specif legal right , and you may have other right wihich may vari from state to state or countri to countri . some state and/or countri do not allow the exclus or limit of incident and consequenti damag , so the abov limit may not appli to you . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 17 . 18 . 18.1 18.2 ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) ( d ) 18.3 ( a ) ( b ) warranti by ma . ma agre that ani and all warranti made to client shall be made onli by ma . ma acknowledg and agre that ma will make no represent to it client with respect to ani warranti made by compani . ma herebi agre to indemnifi and hold compani harmless for ani loss , damag , claim or action result from ma ’ s failur to compli with ani of ma ’ s oblig under thi agreement . ma will be sole respons for ani claim , warranti or represent made by ma or ma 's repres or agent , which differ from the warranti , provid by compani in the applic end user licens agreement ( s ) . termin . thi agreement may be termin by either parti at the expir of it term or ani renew term upon thirti ( 30 ) day written notic to the other parti . compani acknowledg that thi agreement shall not be termin for ma ’ s failur to follow an oper plan , standard procedur , train manual , or substanti equival publish in paragraph 3 ( k ) of thi agreement , except that compani doe reserv the right to termin thi agreement for ma ’ s failur to follow requir procedur relat to the process of sale contract , invoic and bill relat to technolog sold under thi agreement . either parti may cancel thi agreement upon the occurr of ani of the follow : materi breach of ani coven , term , condit or other provis of thi agreement , which breach is not remedi within ten ( 10 ) day after notic of such breach is receiv by the breach parti ; bankruptci , reorgan , arrang or insolv proceed be institut by or against a parti ; an assign by a parti for the benefit of it creditor ; consent to the appoint of a truste or receiv by a parti , or a truste or receiv be appoint for a parti or for a substanti part of it asset . upon termin or cancel of thi agreement for ani reason : all oblig of the non-breach parti , should cancel be due to breach , shall immedi ceas ; ma shall return ani and all full and/or partial copi of materi relat to the technolog , includ demonstr of the technolog , in ma ’ s possess or under it control to compani within ten ( 10 ) day follow the termin or cancel date of thi agreement ; sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 ( c ) ( d ) ( e ) ( f ) ( g ) 19 . 19.1 ma shall not continu to use or employ ani part of the technolog as part of ani product which ma shall convey , assign , leas , licens or transfer to ani third parti ; ma shall immedi ceas advertis , market , promot and distribut the technolog and shall ceas use the trade name , trademark , servic mark and ani other proprietari right of compani ; except as otherwis permit in write by compani , ma shall immedi ceas sell annual technolog mainten and provid applic and technic support for the technolog to client ; all outstand invoic shall immedi becom due and payabl ; and ma acknowledg and agre that , in the event of a breach or threaten breach by ma , of the provis of thi section 18 , no adequ remedi at law in money damag will be avail to compani that will fairli compens it and therefor compani will be entitl to an injunct against ani such breach or threaten breach by ma . confidenti inform . `` confidenti inform '' defin . “ confidenti inform ” includ : ( a ) the technolog ( b ) ani person identifi data or inform regard ani end user ; ( c ) ani and all inform disclos by compani to ma , in whatev format , that is either identifi as or would reason be understood to be confidenti and/or proprietari ; ( d ) ani note , extract , analys or materi prepar by ma which are copi of or deriv work of confidenti inform or from which confidenti inform can be infer or otherwis understood ; and ( e ) the term and condit of thi agreement . “ confidenti inform ” doe not includ inform receiv from compani that ma can clearli establish by written evid : ( x ) is or becom known to ma from a third parti without an oblig to maintain it confidenti ; ( y ) is or becom gener known to the public through no act or omiss of ma ; or ( z ) is independ develop by ma without the use of confidenti inform . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 19.2 19.3 20 . 21 . 22 . “ ma ” 's oblig . ma will make no use of confidenti inform for ani purpos except as expressli author by thi agreement . except as expressli provid in thi agreement , ma will not disclos confidenti inform to ani third parti and will protect and treat all confidenti inform with the same degre of care as it use to protect it own confidenti inform of like import , but in no event with less than reason care . except as expressli provid in thi agreement , ma will not use , make or have made ani copi of confidenti inform , in whole or in part , without the prior written author of compani . in the event that ma is requir to disclos confidenti inform pursuant to law , ma will notifi compani of the requir disclosur with suffici time for compani to seek relief , will cooper with compani in take appropri protect measur , and will make such disclosur in a fashion that maxim protect of the confidenti inform from further disclosur . privacy/data collect . ma will at all time dure the term of thi agreement maintain appropri technic and organiz measur to protect ani end-us data that it collect , access or process in connect with thi agreement against unauthor or unlaw use , disclosur , process or alter . ma will act onli on compani 's instruct in relat to the collect , use , disclosur and process of ani such end-us data , but in all instanc in accord with all applic law , rule and regul . non-assign . ma may not assign , sell , leas or otherwis transfer in whole or in parti ani of the right grant pursuant to thi agreement without prior written approv of compani . amend . no amend , chang or varianc from thi agreement shall be bind upon either parti unless execut in write and sign by an author repres of the parti to be charg . sever and construct . should ani part of thi agreement , for ani reason , be declar invalid by a court of compet jurisdict , such determin shall be not affect the valid of ani remain portion , and such remain portion shall remain in forc and effect as if thi agreement had been execut with the invalid portion elimin . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 23 . 24 . 25 . 26. notic . ani notic requir under thi agreement shall be deem to have been given when hand- deliv or on the date of mail when mail by standard mail , postag prepaid , and address to the parti to receiv such notic at the address design below , or such other address as the parti may from time to time direct in write . govern law; attorney ’ s fee . thi agreement is accept by compani in the state of nevada and shall be govern by and constru in accord with the law thereof , which law shall prevail in the event of ani conflict . for such limit purpos , ma herebi consent to the person jurisdict of ani court of compet jurisdict in the state of nevada . if ani legal action or proceed is initi , the prevail parti shall be entitl to all attorney fee , court cost , and expens in addit to ani other relief to which such prevail parti may be entitl . equit relief . ma acknowledg that ani breach or threaten breach of thi agreement involv an unauthor use of confidenti inform or compani and/or it affili ’ s intellectu properti will result in irrepar harm to compani and/or it affili for which damag would not be an adequ remedi , and therefor , in addit to it right and remedi otherwis avail at law , compani and/or it affili will be entitl to seek injunct or other equit relief , as appropri , and ma herebi waiv the right to requir compani and/or it affili to post a bond . if compani and/or it affili seek injunct or other equit relief in the event of a breach or threaten breach of thi agreement by ma involv an unauthor use of confidenti inform or compani and/or it affili intellectu properti , ma agre that it will not alleg in ani such proceed that compani and/or it affili remedi at law is adequ . if compani and/or it affili seek ani equit remedi , it will not be preclud or prevent from seek remedi at law , nor will compani and/or it affili be deem to have made an elect of remedi . entir agreement . thi agreement contain the entir agreement between the parti , and no represent , statement or induc , oral or written , not contain herein , shall be bind upon the parti . compani expressli disclaim the make of , and ma acknowledg that it ha not receiv a warranti or guaranti , express or impli , as to the potenti volum , profit or success of the busi ventur contempl by thi agreement . sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 compani birch first invest inc. a us virgin island corpor by : /s/ pier s. bjorklund pier s. bjorklund , presid thi agreement wa execut as of the date set forth abov . ma mount knowledg hold inc. a nevada corpor by : /s/ jame d. beatti jame d. beatti , ceo and presid sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 1. note 1 : note 2 : note 3 : note 4 : note 5 : note 6 : 2 . ( a ) schedul a market affili technolog price and term technolog price and term matrix . ma purchas level1 ma quota ( unit or dollar ) 2 ma purchas discount3 iii 1,000,001 and abov 25 ii 100,001 to 1,000,000 20 i 0 to 100,000 15 purchas level – refer to level of purchas technolog on an annual basi , subject to annual review of the past twelv month follow the anniversari date of thi agreement . purchas quota - refer to certain purchas amount level in which ma may receiv addit discount , subject to addit term and condit . purchas discount – refer to the applic discount avail to ma purchas made from compani at level ii and iii with level i be the origin purchas price per unit ( or packag ) amount for the technolog which ma pay compani . initi order commit – ma commit to purchas a minimum of 100 unit in aggreg within the territori within the first six month of term of thi agreement . sale person – ma shall at all time have certifi sale person train by compani on staff in accord with certain minimum defin by each purchas level . support person - ma shall at all time have certifi support person train by compani on staff in accord with certain minimum defin by each purchas level . technolog descript and price . the product approv for sale in thi agreement shall be refer to as “ eco ” relat platform and content . ( “ technolog ” ) refer to as : english commun onlin ( eco ) ™ sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014 ( a ) 3 . 4 . 5 . ( a ) list price for technolog shall be as follow : ( price list for product and or servic ) servic fee . upon the execut of thi agreement , ma shall pay to compani a quarterli servic fee ( the “ servic fee ” ) in the amount equal to us 15,000.00 on the first day of each quarter for the term of thi agreement as set forth in section 1 hereinabov , for each month that ma ha no sale pursuant to thi schedul a , with the first payment due and payabl on the date of execut of thi agreement . term . unless otherwis approv by compani , level i , ii and iii term for payment to compani are net 30 day on technolog licens from compani . territori . ma is author to resel technolog within the follow territori accord to the term of the agreement : worldwid sourc : cybergi hold , inc. , 10-q , 5/20/2014