exhibit 10.10 certain inform in thi exhibit ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . confidenti treatment ha been request with respect to the omit portion . co-brand agreement thi co-brand agreement ( thi `` agreement '' ) , date as of june 8 , 1999 , is made by and between snap technolog , inc. a california corpor have it princip place of busi at 111 townsend st. , san francisco , ca 94107 ( `` snap '' ) , and , unit airlin , inc. , a delawar corpor have it princip place of busi at 1200 e. algonquin road , elk grove township , il 60007 ( `` sponsor '' ) . recit a. snap provid access to applic and other inform and content regard select and appli to and attend colleg and graduat and profession degre program to end user via the world wide web; and b. sponsor wish to obtain sponsorship placement on snap 's web site and access to certain inform pertain to snap 's end user . agreement now , therefor , the parti agre as follow : section 1. definit wherev use in thi agreement with initi term capit , the follow term shall have the follow defin mean : `` co-brand page '' mean page of the snap web site , to be develop pursuant to section 2.2 [ co-brand page ] and host on the snap web site , that display both the snap brand featur and the sponsor brand featur , along with such sponsor content , snap content and other content as the parti may agre upon . `` confidenti inform '' mean inform of either parti ( whether of a technic , busi or other natur ) which the other parti know or reason should know to be confidenti or proprietari inform of such parti . `` intellectu properti right '' mean ani patent , copyright , right in trademark , trade secret right , moral right and other intellectu properti or proprietari right aris under the law of ani jurisdict . `` exclus categori '' mean those product and/or servic categori identifi on exhibit a . `` snap brand featur '' mean the snap mark and snap 's distinct brand element that appear from time to time in snap 's properti , ventur and servic worldwid and are protect under u.s. copyright law or for which snap ha establish trademark , servic mark or trade dress right and ani modif to the forego that may be creat dure the term of thi agreement . co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406 . `` snap content '' mean ani inform , materi or content develop by snap for use on the sponsor web site . `` snap mark '' mean those trademark of snap set forth on exhibit b hereto and such other trademark as snap may from time to time notifi sponsor to be '' snap mark '' within the mean of thi agreement . `` snap web site '' mean that web site , the primari home page for which is locat at url http : //www.collegedge.com ( and ani successor or replac thereof ) . sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 `` sponsor content '' mean ani inform , materi or content suppli by or on behalf of sponsor , whether directli or indirectli , for use on the co-brand page . `` sponsor brand featur '' mean the sponsor mark and sponsor 's distinct brand element that appear from time to time in sponsor 's properti , ventur and servic worldwid and are protect under u.s. copyright law or for which sponsor ha establish trademark , servic mark or trade dress right and ani modif to the forego that may be creat dure the term of thi agreement . `` sponsor mark '' mean those trademark of sponsor set forth on exhibit b hereto and such other trademark ( if ani ) as sponsor may from time to time notifi snap in write to be `` sponsor mark '' within the mean of thi agreement . `` sponsor web site '' mean that web site , the primari home page for which is locat at url http : //www.ual.com and ani successor or replac thereof . `` term '' mean the term of thi agreement as provid in section 4.1 [ term ] . `` trademark '' mean ani trademark , servic mark , trade dress , trade name , corpor name , proprietari logo or indicia and other sourc or busi identifi . `` web site '' mean , with respect to ani person or entiti , all point of presenc and/or servic maintain by such person or entiti on the internet ( includ , without limit , the world wide web ) or on ani successor public data network . with respect to ani web site maintain on the world wide web , such web site includ all html page ( or similar unit of inform present in ani relev data protocol ) that either ( a ) are identifi by the same second-level domain ( such as .com ) or by the same equival level identifi in ani relev address scheme , or ( b ) contain brand , graphic , navig or other characterist such that a user reason would conclud that the page are part of an integr inform or servic offer . section 2. content , co-brand and licens 2.1 creation of content . follow the execut of thi agreement , snap and sponsor will work in good faith to develop the content specifi in exhibit c. all content to be includ on the co-brand page shall be requir to compli with snap 's gener applic content and technic guidelin . 2.2 co-brand page . follow the execut of thi agreement , snap and sponsor will work in good faith to develop the co-brand page which may includ all or part of the co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. sponsor content and/or the snap content . the co-brand page will have the specif set forth on exhibit c. the co-brand page shall be requir to compli with snap 's gener applic content and technic guidelin . sponsor will suppli sponsor content and sponsor brand featur as agre upon by the parti for inclus in the co-brand page . follow the develop thereof , snap shall use commerci reason effort to post and maintain the co-brand page on the snap web site . snap may from time to time , in consult with sponsor , updat and modifi the co-brand page but may not chang sponsor content or sponsor brand featur , or do anyth els with them , without sponsor 's prior written consent . 2.3 licens . 2.3.1 subject to section 2.4 [ approv of trademark usag ] , sponsor herebi grant snap a non-exclus , revoc nontransfer , royalty-fre , worldwid licens to : ( a ) use , reproduc , publish , perform and display the sponsor mark and sponsor brand featur on the co-brand pages; ( b ) link to the sponsor web site from the co-brand page and/or the snap web site that contain the co-brand page and ( c ) use , reproduc , publish , perform , and display the sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 sponsor content in and on the co-brand page . all goodwil aris out of snap 's use of ani of the sponsor mark shall inur sole to the benefit of sponsor . 2.3.2 subject to section 2.4 [ approv of trademark usag ] , snap herebi grant sponsor a non-exclus , nontransfer , royalty-fre , worldwid licens to ( a ) use , reproduc , publish , perform and display the snap mark and snap brand featur on the sponsor web site in connect with the logo link contempl by section 2.l , and in connect with it promot and market activ contempl by section 2.5 [ promot of snap servic ] and ( b ) use , reproduc , publish , perform and display the snap content on the sponsor web site or other sponsor properti as mutual agre by the parti . all goodwil aris out of sponsor 's use of ani of the snap 's mark shall inur sole to the benefit of snap . 2.4 approv of trademark usag . snap shall not use or exploit in ani manner ani of the sponsor mark or sponsor brand featur , and sponsor shall not use or exploit in ani manner ani of the snap mark or snap brand featur , except in such manner and media as may be specifi in the other parti 's trademark usag and brand guidelin or as the other parti may consent to in write . either parti may revis such guidelin or revok or modifi ani such consent upon written notic to the other parti . 2.5 promot of snap servic . commenc upon the date of thi agreement and thereaft throughout the term sponsor will use it commerci reason effort ( subject to the term of thi agreement ) to gener promot and market snap and the snap web site . in addit , sponsor will perform those specif promot and market servic specifi on exhibit d. 2.6 exclus sponsorship . dure the term , snap will not grant ani third parti ani right to sponsor ani product or servic in the exclus categori on or through the snap web site . for the avoid of doubt , the parti acknowledg that the forego restrict appli onli to persist sponsorship placement as judg by sponsor at it discret , and not to run-of-sit banner advertis or other rotat promot placement . 2.7 snap user data . snap will distribut market messag on behalf of sponsor to snap 's end user via electron mail and other method of commun as mutual agre by the parti . furthermor , snap will make avail to sponsor necessari end user data as reason co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. appropri for market purpos , includ , without limit , pre-popul end user data into onlin frequent flier account applic . sponsor acknowledg that all such end user data that is gener by snap is valuabl proprietari inform of snap and sponsor agre that ani use of such end user data will limit sole to use for purpos of deliv superior travel valu to snap end user and for no other purpos . furthermor , sponsor acknowledg that ani use of snap end user data shall be limit to the extent allow by and subject to snap 's agreement with such end users; provid , howev , that snap repres and warrant that such agreement with it end user will not increas sponsor 's duti or decreas it right , nor reduc snap oblig to sponsor hereund without sponsor 's prior written permiss . section 3. compens and report 3.1 up-front payment . upon execut of thi agreement , sponsor will pay snap the amount set forth on exhibit a as the `` up-front fee '' in consider of snap 's develop and integr of travel-rel content for use on the co-brand page and/or the sponsor web site . 3.2 quarterli fee payment . sponsor will pay snap the quarterli fee as set forth below on exhibit a hereto . 3.3 launch of travel co-brand page . after execut of thi agreement , the parti shall work togeth cooper to determin a mutual agreeabl timelin for the launch of the co-brand page . if the parti determin that an adjust to the time of quarterli payment hereund is sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 appropri , the parti may amend the quarterli payment schedul set forth on exhibit a hereto with a written amend sign by both parti . section 4. term and termin 4.1 term . the term shall commenc on the date of thi agreement and , unless earlier termin or extend as provid below , shall end as of decemb 31 , 2000 . 4.2 termin . either parti may termin the term upon not less than sixti ( 60 ) day prior written notic to the other parti of ani breach hereof by such other parti . in addit , either parti may termin the term immedi upon written notic in the event that the other parti shall fail to do busi in the normal cours or becom subject to ani bankruptci , assign for creditor , corpor dissolut or similar proceed . 4.3 effect of termin . upon termin or expir of the term for ani reason , all right and oblig of the parti under thi agreement shall be extinguish , except that : ( a ) the right and oblig of the parti under section 5 , 6 , 7 and 8 of thi agreement , along with all accru payment oblig of sponsor ( i.e . the up-front payment referenc in section 3.1 [ up-front payment ] and set forth in exhibit a hereof ) , shall surviv ani termin or expir of the term . 4.4 right of first refus . in the event of termin or expir of thi agreement for other than a materi breach of thi agreement by sponsor , upon notic from sponsor deliv to snap at least forty-f ( 45 ) day prior to such expir or termin , snap shall negoti in good faith an agreement provid sponsor with sponsorship right similar to those describ herein on term and condit to be mutual agre upon by the parti . in the event that an agreement co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. between the parti is not execut within thirti ( 30 ) day follow deliveri , of such notic to snap , snap shall be free thereaft to enter into an such an agreement with ani third parti . section 5. represent and warranties; indemn 5.1 snap represent and warranti . snap repres and warrant to sponsor that : ( a ) it ha full power and author to enter into thi agreement; ( b ) the execut , deliveri and perform by snap of thi agreement will not violat ani law , statut or other government regul , and will not violat ani other agreement or instrument to which snap is a party; and ( c ) the use of the snap content will not violat or infring ani intellectu properti right or other right of ani third parti . 5.2 sponsor represent and warranti . sponsor repres and warrant to snap that : ( a ) it ha full power and author to enter into thi agreement; ( b ) neither the execut , deliveri and perform by sponsor of thi agreement , nor the perform of ticket servic by sponsor , in connect with the co-brand page , will violat ani law , statut or other government regul or ani other agreement or instrument to which sponsor is a party; and ( c ) the use of the sponsor content will not violat or infring ani intellectu properti right or other right of ani third parti . section 6. exclusions; no liabil sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 6.1 warranti exclud . neither parti make ani other represent or warranti of ani kind , express or impli , in connect with thi agreement or the transact contempl herebi . without limit the gener of the forego : ( a ) snap make no represent or warranti with respect to the snap web site , snap brand featur or ani other item or servic provid by snap , includ , without limit , ani impli warranti aris by usag of trade , cours of deal or cours of perform , ani impli warranti of merchant or fit for a particular purpos and ani impli warranti of non-infringement; ( b ) sponsor acknowledg that the snap web site ( includ ani server or other hardwar , softwar and ani other item use or provid by snap in connect with the snap web site ) and snap brand featur are provid `` as is '' and that snap make no warranti that the snap web site will be free from bug , fault , defect or error or that access to the snap web site will be uninterrupted; ( c ) sponsor make no represent or warranti with respect to the sponsor web site , co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. sponsor brand featur or ani other item or servic provid by sponsor , includ , without limit , ani impli warranti aris by usag of trade , cours of deal or cours of perform , ani impli warranti of merchant or fit for a particular purpos and ani impli warranti of non-infringement; and ( d ) snap acknowledg that the sponsor web site ( includ ani server or other hardwar , softwar and ani other item use or provid by sponsor in connect with the sponsor web site ) and sponsor brand featur are provid `` as is '' and that sponsor make no warranti that the sponsor web site will be free from bug , fault , defect or error or that access to the sponsor web site will be uninterrupt . 6.2 limit of liabil . neither parti will have ani liabil for , and each parti herebi waiv and disclaim , ani and all claim and caus of action against the other parti , whether in contract , tort ( includ , without limit , neglig and strict liabil ) , warranti or otherwis , relat to ani indirect , consequenti or exemplari damag , in each case , aris out of or in connect with thi agreement ( includ ani breach hereof ) or ani of the transact contempl herebi . section 7. ownership 7.1 sponsor . as between the parti , sponsor retain all right , titl and interest in and to the sponsor web site , the sponsor content and the sponsor mark and other sponsor brand featur , along with all intellectu properti right associ with ani of the forego . 7.2 snap . as between the parti , snap retain all right , titl and interest in and to : ( a ) the snap content , snap web site ( includ , without limit , ani and all snap web site content ( other than the sponsor content ) , sponsor gener data , url , domain name , technolog , hardwar , softwar , code , know-how , techniqu , algorithm , process , user interfac , `` look and feel '' , trademark and ani other item post thereon or use in connect or associ therewith ) and the snap mark and other snap brand featur , along with all intellectu properti right associ with ani of the forego . 7.3 other trademark . snap shall not regist or attempt to regist ani of the sponsor mark or ani trademark which sponsor reason deem to be confusingli similar to ani of the sponsor mark . sponsor shall not regist or attempt to regist ani of the snap mark or ani trademark which snap reason deem to be confusingli similar to ani of the snap mark . 7.4 further assur . each parti shall take , at the other parti 's expens , such action ( includ , without limit , execut of affidavit or other document ) as the other parti may reason request to effect , perfect or confirm such other parti 's ownership interest and other right as set forth abov in thi section 7. co-brand agreement snap confidenti sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. section 8. gener provis 8.1 confidenti . dure the term , and for a period of five ( 5 ) year thereaft , the receiv parti will not disclos to other or use for ani purpos of it own , other than in perform of thi agreement , ani confidenti inform of the other parti . each parti shall take , at a minimum , measur consist with those taken to protect it own similar type of confidenti inform ( and in ani event , at least reason measur ) to protect the other 's confidenti inform against disclosur prohibit by thi agreement . each parti acknowledg that it breach of the provis of thi section 8.1 [ confidenti ] will result in immedi and irrepar harm to the other and that money damag alon would be inadequ to compens such parti . therefor , in the event of a breach of thi section 8.1 [ confidenti ] by either parti the other parti may , in addit to other remedi , immedi obtain and enforc injunct relief prohibit the breach or threaten breach or compel specif perform . notwithstand ani other provis of thi agreement , the restrict set forth in thi section 8.1 [ confidenti ] shall not appli to ani inform that : ( i ) is in or enter the public domain through no fault of the receiv party; ( ii ) is disclos to the receiv parti by a third parti legal entitl to make such disclosure; ( iii ) is independ develop by the receiv parti without refer to ani confidenti inform of the other party; or ( iv ) is requir to be disclos by applic law , regul or order of ani government authority; provid , that in such event , the receiv parti shall provid the disclos parti with prior notic that is reason in the circumst of such disclosur and shall use reason effort to cooper with the disclos parti to minim the extent and scope of such disclosur . 8.2 independ contractor . sponsor and snap are independ contractor under thi agreement , and noth herein shall be constru to creat a partnership , joint ventur , franchis or agenc relationship between sponsor and snap . neither parti ha ani author to enter into agreement of ani kind on behalf of the other parti . 8.3 assign . neither parti may assign thi agreement or ani of it right or deleg ani of it duti under thi agreement without the prior written consent of the other parti , not to be unreason withheld; except that either parti may , without the other parti 's consent , assign thi agreement or ani of it right or deleg ani of it duti under thi agreement : ( a ) to ani corpor affili of such party; or ( b ) to ani purchas of all or substanti all of such parti 's asset or to ani successor by way of merger , consolid or similar transact . subject to the forego , thi agreement will be bind upon , enforc by , and inur to the benefit of the parti and their respect successor and assign . 8.4 choic of law; forum select . thi agreement shall be govern by , and constru in accord with , the law of the state of california without refer to it choic of law rule . sponsor herebi irrevoc consent to person jurisdict and venu in the state and feder court locat in san francisco , california with respect to ani action , claim or proceed aris out of or in connect with thi agreement . 8.5 nonwaiv . no waiver of ani breach of ani provis of thi agreement shall constitut a waiver of ani prior , concurr or subsequ breach of the same or ani other provis hereof , and no waiver shall be effect unless made in write and sign by an author repres of the waiv parti . co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406 . 8.6 forc majeur . neither parti shall be deem to be in default of or to have breach ani provis of thi agreement as a result of ani delay , failur in perform or interrupt of servic , result directli or indirectli from act of god , act of civil or militari author , civil sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 disturb , war , strike or other labor disput , fire , transport conting , interrupt in telecommun or internet servic or network provid servic , other catastroph or ani other occurr which are beyond such parti 's reason control . 8.7 notic . ani notic or other commun requir or permit to be given hereund shall be given in write and deliv by first class u.s. mail , in person , or mail via confirm facsimil or e-mail , or deliv by courier servic , properli address and stamp with the requir postag , to the person sign thi agreement on behalf of the applic parti at it address specifi abov and shall be deem effect upon receipt . either parti may from time to time chang the person to receiv notic or it address by give the other parti notic of the chang in accord with thi section : 8.8 integr . thi agreement contain the entir understand of the parti hereto with respect to the transact and matter contempl herebi , supersed all previou agreement or negoti between snap and sponsor concern the subject matter hereof , and can not be amend except by a write sign by both parti . if ani provis of thi agreement shall be adjudg by ani court of compet jurisdict to be unenforc or invalid , that provis shall be limit or elimin to the minimum extent necessari so that thi agreement shall otherwis remain in full forc and effect and enforc . in wit whereof , the parti have duli execut and deliv thi agreement as of the date set forth abov . snap : sponsor : snap technolog unit airlin , inc. by : /s/ howard berman by : /s/ [ ] -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- name : howard berman name : [ ] -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- titl : chief oper offic titl : director electron distribut -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - date : june 8 , 1999 date : june 8 , 1999 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. exhibit a payment and exclus 1. the exclus categori is `` provid of travel servic '' . 2. the up-front payment call for by section 3.1 will be [ ] . 3. sponsor shall pay the follow non-accru oblig quarterli fee on or prior to the follow date : june 30 , 1999 [ ] septemb 30 , 1999 [ ] decemb 31 , 1999 [ ] march 31 , 2000 [ ] june 30 , 2000 [ ] septemb 30 , 2000 [ ] decemb 31 , 2000 [ ] co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 exhibit b trademark the follow trademark of sponsor as well as addit trademark of sponsor ad at a later date relat to the develop of the unit student travel center are `` sponsor mark '' as that term is use in thi agreement . unit airlin logo ( forthcom ) collegeplu logo ( forthcom ) the follow trademark of snap are `` snap mark '' as that term is use in thi agreement : [ logo ] co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. exhibit c specif of content and co-brand page snap content the follow content shall be develop by snap ( with input from sponsor ) and provid to sponsor for inclus on the sponsor web site : - - travel relat content on the `` go to school '' section of the snap site for student seek to enter colleg , graduat school , profession school or esl program . thi content shall includ but not be limit to inform articl on how to pack for travel , frequent flyer program , and travel tip , etc . content idea or articl may be provid by sponsor or by snap . snap will edit or write these articl as necessari to fit the overal tone of the site . - - as other area of the snap site are develop that may pertain to travel , sponsor and snap will look to develop travel relat content in a similar fashion as abov . - - snap agre to includ sponsor special and e-far relat inform in snap 's monthli newslett to snap 's regist user . the input will be provid by sponsor but may be adjust by snap to fit the overal tone of the newslett . the sponsor 's input to the newslett may includ button or link back to the sponsor 's book engin or it e-fares-regist trademark- so that user may , for exampl , actual book ticket or sign-up for weekli e-fare-regist trademark- notif . sponsor content the follow content shall be develop by sponsor ( with input from snap ) and provid to snap for inclus on the co-brand page : - - the sponsor shall develop a student travel site that will includ a book engin and e-fares-regist trademark- engin . snap user may link to thi site through the snap store or through ani other relev page on the snap site . user who connect from the snap site will be link to or from the co-brand or snap page by a logo link contain the snap brand featur to be suppli by snap which link back to the snap web site . thi logo link will be place in a mutual accept `` abov the fold '' locat on the sponsor site ( base on a 640x450 pixel screen ) . - - sponsor agre that user who connect from the snap site shall be at least one click away from ani page which mention the collegeplu or mileageplu sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999 first card credit card . - - sponsor will work with snap to develop content idea and articl for the `` go to school '' and other area on the snap site as outlin abov . co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. exhibit d sponsor promot activ sponsor and snap shall work togeth to creat mutual accept content for inclus on the `` go to school '' section of the snap web site . on each page of the sponsor web site link to or from the co-brand page or contain ani snap content , sponsor shall includ , in a mutual accept `` above-the-fold '' locat ( base on a 640x480 pixel screen ) , a logo link contain the snap brand featur , to be suppli by snap , which link back to the snap web site . sponsor shall make avail to snap [ ] of advertis placement ( base on sponsor 's standard price for the same or similar advertis ) dure each the calendar year 1999 and 2000 in market vehicl own or control by sponsor as reason request by snap for the purpos of market the co-brand page and the servic provid on such page . the parti acknowledg that snap ha elect to use hemispher magazin as the initi market vehicl . snap acknowledg that market piec includ in sponsor 's market vehicl must be reason consist with the overal messag deliv by such vehicl . sponsor shall develop a it new proprietari product categori to be offer through the co-brand page that shall repres a college-ori electron fare base on sponsor 's e-fare-regist trademark- product . it is the parti ' expect that the invest requir of sponsor to deliv thi new product categori to the relationship describ in thi agreement shall be approxim [ ] . sponsor shall make avail to snap [ ] worth of travel on sponsor 's airlin ( [ ] in calendar 1999 and [ ] in calendar 2000 ) to be given away by snap through a sweepstak process as a promot tool . snap shall be free to elect to give away domest or intern travel in it sole elect and will be credit [ ] per domest roundtrip ticket given away and [ ] per intern roundtrip ticket given away . in the event that the parti mutual determin that the sweepstak form of promot is a valuabl market tool , the parti may agre to make addit ticket avail to be given away . co-brand agreement snap confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and file separ with the commiss pursuant to a request for confidenti treatment under rule 406. sourc : embark com inc , s-1/a , 10/8/1999