co-brand agreement ( form ) thi co-brand agreement ( the `` agreement '' ) is made and enter into as of nov 5 , 1999 , ( the `` effect date '' ) by and between nettaxi onlin commun , inc. , a delawar corpor with princip offic at 2165 s. bascom avenu , campbel , california 95008 ( `` nettaxi '' ) , and solut media , inc. , dba spinrecords.com a delawar corpor , with offic at 11440 west barnardo ct. , suit 170 , san diego , ca 32127 ( `` spinrecords.com '' or `` client '' ) . recit a. nettaxi is in the busi of provid entertain , educ , and inform servic over the world wide web through it internet web site at http : //www.nettaxi.com . b. spinrecords.com is in the busi of provid entertain and inform servic over the world wide web through it internet websit at http : //www.spinrecords.com . c. nettaxi and spinrecords.com desir co-brand their servic under the term and condit set forth herein . agreement now , therefor , in consider of the mutual promis contain herein , the parti herebi agre as follow : 1. definit 1.1 `` spinrecords.com brand featur '' mean the spinrecords.com name and logo and other trademark , trade name and servic name includ but not limit to those set forth on exhibit a attach hereto and incorpor herein -- -- -- -- - by refer and all intellectu properti right relat thereto . spinrecords.com brand featur shall includ ani deriv , improv or modif thereto or thereof and ani intellectu properti right relat thereto . 1.2 `` spinrecords.com page '' mean the spinrecords.com web-bas page that incorpor certain spinrecords.com servic , as the same may be updat or modifi from time to time in spinrecords.com 's sole discret , current locat at http : //www.spinrecords.com . 1.3 `` impress '' mean the load of all or part of a web page into the browser of a user . 1.4 `` intellectu properti right '' mean all current and futur worldwid trademark , patent and patent right , util model , copyright , mask work right , trade secret , and all other intellectu properti right and the relat document or other tangibl express thereof . 1.5 `` nettaxi brand featur '' mean the nettaxi name and logo and ani other trademark , trade name and servic name of nettaxi , includ but not limit to those set forth on exhibit b attach hereto and incorpor herein -- -- -- -- - by refer and all intellectu properti right relat thereto . nettaxi brand featur shall includ ani deriv , improv or modif thereto or thereof and ani intellectu properti right relat thereto . 1.6 `` nettaxi page '' mean the nettaxi 's web-bas page that incorpor certain nettaxi servic , as the same may be updat or modifi from time to time in nettaxi 's sole discret , current locat at http : //www.nettaxi.com . 1.7 `` statement of work '' mean the statement of work attach hereto as exhibit c and incorpor herein by refer . -- -- -- -- -- 1.8 `` user '' mean a person use a softwar browser to view the world wide web . 2. co-brand , market and promot 2.1 the spinrecords.com page . spinrecords.com shall brand the -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 spinrecords.com page with the nettaxi brand featur in the manner set forth in the statement of work . nettaxi will provid electron copi of the nettaxi brand featur upon spinrecords.com 's request . all spinrecords.com page shall display appropri intellectu properti legend , includ but not limit to the copyright notic and trademark refer . 2.2 the nettaxi page . nettaxi shall brand certain nettaxi page with -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- the spinrecords.com brand featur in the manner set forth in the statement of work . spinrecords.com will provid electron copi of the spinrecords.com brand featur upon nettaxi 's request . all nettaxi page shall display appropri intellectu properti legend , includ but not limit to the copyright notic and trademark refer . nettaxi shall not be oblig to co-brand those page contain content which nettaxi ha brand with a third parti which : ( i ) nettaxi is prohibit from co-brand pursuant to anoth agreement; ( ii ) nettaxi is technic unabl to co-brand; or ( iii ) are commerci unreason , in nettaxi 's discret , to co-brand . 2.3 market by spinrecords.com . throughout the term of thi -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- agreement , spinrecords.com shall use reason commerci effort to market the nettaxi brand featur in order to maxim the number of visitor to the nettaxi page in accord with the statement of work . the parti shall review the statement of work and nettaxi 's market activ on a quarterli basi in order to assess the perform and agre upon addit activ , if necessari , in order to increas usag of the page . 2.4 market by nettaxi . throughout the term of thi agreement , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - nettaxi shall use reason commerci effort to market the spinrecords.com brand featur in order to maxim the number of visitor to the spinrecords.com page in accord with the statement of work . the parti shall review the statement of work and spinrecords.com 's market activ on a quarterli basi in order to assess the perform and agre upon addit activ , if necessari , in order to increas usag of the page . 2.5 addit statement of work . if the parti hereto desir to -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- engag each other for addit servic which are not includ in the statement of work and which do not constitut mere a revis or modif of the statement of work , the parti shall in good faith negoti addit statement of work , each of which upon sign shall be deem a part of thi agreement . addit statement of work shall be enter into by mutual agreement between nettaxi and spinrecords.com and shall be substanti in the form of the statement of work attach hereto . each statement of work shall be sign by author repres of the parti . thi agreement may cover more than one statement of work at ani given time . 3. licens and ownership . 3.1 licens by nettaxi to spinrecords.com . nettaxi herebi grant to -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - spinrecords.com a non-exclus , worldwid , nontransfer , revoc , royalti free licens to use the nettaxi brand featur as the same may be modifi from time to time for the purpos of thi agreement 3.2 licens by spinrecords.com to nettaxi . spinrecords.com herebi -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - grant nettaxi a nonexclus , worldwid , nontransfer , revoc , royalti free licens to display and distribut the , and make deriv work from the spinrecords.com brand featur and ani enhanc , modif or improv thereto as necessari to carri out the term of thi agreement . 3.3 ownership by nettaxi . nettaxi shall own all right , titl , and -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- interest in the nettaxi brand featur , the nettaxi page and all intellectu properti right therein , includ ani deriv , improv thereof , exclud the spinrecords.com brand featur 3.4 ownership by spinrecords.com . except as otherwis set forth below , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - spinrecords.com shall own all right , titl , and interest in the spinrecords.com brand featur and the spinrecords.com page and all intellectu properti right therein , includ ani deriv , improv thereof , exclud the nettaxi brand featur . sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 3.5 impress . neither parti nor it employe shall take action -- -- -- -- -- which will artifici increas the number of impress on the parti 's web page . for exampl , a parti 's employe shall not repeatedli access the other parti 's web page . 4. payment 4.1 payment . in consider of the duti and oblig of the -- -- -- - parti hereto , spinrecords.com shall pay nettaxi in the manner set forth in the statement of work . 5. represent and warranti . 5.1 represent and warranti of spinrecords.com . spinrecords.com -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- herebi repres and warrant to nettaxi that : ( i ) spinrecords.com ha the full power and author to enter into thi agreement and to carri out it oblig under thi agreement; ( ii ) spinrecords.com ha the full power and author to grant the right and licens grant to nettaxi in thi agreement; and ( iii ) spinrecords.com own the spinrecords.com brand featur . 5.2 represent and warranti of nettaxi . nettaxi herebi -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - repres and warrant to spinrecords.com that ( i ) nettaxi ha the full power and author to enter into thi agreement and to carri out it oblig under thi agreement; ( ii ) nettaxi ha the full power and author to grant the right and licens grant to spinrecords.com in thi agreement; and ( iii ) nettaxi own the nettaxi brand featur . 5.3 the nettaxi servic furnish as a result of or under thi agreement are provid on an `` as is '' basi , without ani warranti or represent express , impli or statutory; includ , without limit , warranti of qualiti , perform , noninfring , merchant or fit for a particular purpos . nor are there ani warranti creat by a cours of deal , cours of perform or trade usag . nettaxi doe not warrant that the servic , will meet spinrecords.com 's or ani end user need or be free from error , or that the oper of it web page will be uninterrupt . the forego exclus and disclaim are an essenti part of thi agreement . 6. confidenti . 6.1 agreement as confidenti inform . the parti shall treat the -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- term and condit and the exist of thi agreement as confidenti inform . each parti shall obtain the other 's consent prior to ani public , present , public announc or press releas concern the exist or term and condit of thi agreement . 6.2 confidenti inform . `` confidenti inform '' mean all -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - inform identifi in written or oral format by the disclos parti as confidenti , trade secret or proprietari inform , and , if disclos oral , summar in written format within thirti ( 30 ) day of disclosur . `` disclos parti '' is the parti disclos confidenti inform . `` receiv parti '' is the parti receiv confidenti inform . the receiv parti shall not disclos the confidenti inform to ani third parti other than person in the direct employ of the receiv parti who have a need to have access to and knowledg of the confidenti inform sole for the purpos author abov . each parti shall take appropri measur by instruct and agreement prior to disclosur to such employe to assur against unauthor use or disclosur . the receiv parti shall have no oblig with respect to inform which ( i ) wa right in possess of or known to the receiv parti without ani oblig of confidenti prior to receiv it from the disclos party; ( ii ) is , or subsequ becom , legal and publicli avail without breach of thi agreement; ( iii ) is right obtain by the receiv parti from a sourc other than the disclos parti without ani oblig of confidentiality; ( iv ) is disclos by the receiv parti under a valid order creat by a court or govern agenc , provid that the receiv parti provid prior written notic to the disclos parti of such oblig and the opportun to oppos such disclosur . upon written demand of the disclos parti , the receiv parti shall ceas use the confidenti sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 inform and return the confidenti inform and all copi , note or extract thereof to the disclos parti within seven ( 7 ) day of receipt of notic . 7. indemn and limit of liabil . 7.1 indemnif by spinrecords.com . spinrecords.com shall defend , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- indemnifi and hold nettaxi harmless from ani and all damag , liabil , cost and expens ( includ , but not limit to reason attorney ' fee ) incur by nettaxi as a result of ( i ) ani breach of thi agreement; ( ii ) ani claim that the spinrecords.com brand featur or ani part thereof , infring or misappropri ani intellectu properti right of a third party; ( iii ) ani claim aris out of nettaxi 's display of the spinrecords.com brand features; or ( iv ) the oper of the spinrecords.com page . nettaxi shall provid spinrecords.com with written notic of the claim and permit spinrecords.com to control the defens , settlement , adjust or compromis of ani such claim . nettaxi may employ counsel at it own expens to assist it with respect to ani such claim; provid , howev , that if such counsel is necessari becaus of a conflict of interest of either spinrecords.com or it counsel or becaus spinrecords.com doe not assum control , spinrecords.com will bear the expens of such counsel . 7.2 indemnif by nettaxi . nettaxi shall defend , indemnifi and -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- hold spinrecords.com harmless from ani and all damag , liabil , cost and expens ( includ , but not limit to reason attorney ' fee ) incur by spinrecords.com as a result of ( 1 ) ani breach of thi agreement; ( ii ) ani claim that the nettaxi brand featur or ani part thereof , infring or misappropri ani intellectu properti right of a third party; or ( iii ) ani claim aris out of spinrecords.com 's display of the nettaxi brand featur spinrecords.com shall provid nettaxi with written notic of the claim and permit nettaxi to control the defens , settlement , adjust or compromis of ani such claim . spinrecords.com may employ counsel at it own expens to assist it with respect to ani such claim; provid , howev , that if such counsel is necessari becaus of a conflict of interest of either nettaxi or it counsel or becaus nettaxi doe not assum control , nettaxi will bear the expens of such counsel . 7.3 limit of liabil . except as set forth in section 6 and 7.1 , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- under no circumst will either parti be liabl to the other under ani contract , strict liabil , neglig or other legal or equit theori , for ani incident or consequenti damag or lost profit in connect with the subject matter of thi agreement . 8. term and termin 8.1 term of agreement . thi agreement shall be effect upon the -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - effect date and shall remain in forc for a period of one ( 1 ) year , and shall be automat renew for success period of one ( 1 ) year unless otherwis termin as provid herein . 8.2 conveni . nettaxi may termin thi agreement at ani time for -- -- -- -- -- - it conveni , for no reason or for ani reason , upon sixti ( 60 ) day prior written notic to spinrecords.com . in the event of such termin , spinrecords.com shall be entitl to receiv and retain all payment made or payabl by nettaxi prior to the date of termin . spinrecords.com may termin thi agreement for no reason or for ani reason upon sixti ( 60 ) day prior written notic to nettaxi . 8.3 termin for caus . thi agreement may be termin by a parti -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- for caus immedi upon the occurr of and in accord with the follow : ( a ) insolv event . either may termin thi agreement by deliv written notic to the other parti upon the occurr of ani of the follow event : ( i ) a receiv is appoint for either parti or it property; ( ii ) either make a gener assign for the benefit of it creditors; ( iii ) either parti commenc , or ha commenc against it , proceed under ani bankruptci , insolv or debtor 's relief law , which proceed are not dismiss within sixti ( 60 ) days; or ( iv ) either parti is liquid or sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 dissolv . ( b ) chang of control . in the event more that there is a chang in ownership repres fifti percent ( 50 ) or more of the equiti ownership of either parti , the other parti may , at it option , termin thi agreement upon written notic . ( c ) default . either parti may termin thi agreement effect upon written notic to the other if the other parti violat ani coven , agreement , represent or warranti contain herein in ani materi respect or default or fail to perform ani of it oblig or agreement hereund in ani materi respect , which violat , default or failur is not cure within thirti ( 30 ) day after notic thereof from the non-default parti state it intent to termin thi agreement by reason thereof . 8.4 surviv of right and oblig upon termin . section 6 and -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 7 shall surviv termin or expir of thi agreement . notwithstand anyth in the forego to the contrari , in the case of termin by nettaxi for caus pursuant to section 8.3 [ termin for caus ] , nettaxi shall not be requir to pay ani fee to spinrecords.com after termin . 8.5 return of materi upon termin . on or befor ten ( 10 ) day -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - after the termin of thi agreement , spinrecords.com shall deliv to nettaxi all nettaxi confidenti inform and nettaxi brand featur , includ but not limit to all work product , diagram , design and schemat in spinrecords.com 's possess and nettaxi.com shall deliv to spinrecords.com all spinrecords.com confidenti inform and spinrecords.com brand featur , includ but not limit to all work product , diagram , design and schemat in nettaxi.com 's possess 9. miscellan 9.1 forc majeur . neither parti shall be liabl to the other for -- -- -- -- -- -- -- delay or failur in perform result from caus beyond the reason control of that parti , includ , but not limit to , act of god , labor disput or disturb , materi shortag or ration , riot , act of war , government regul , commun or util failur , or casualti . 9.2 relationship of parti . the parti are independ contractor -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - under thi agreement and no other relationship is intend , includ a partnership , franchis , joint ventur , agenc , employer/employe , fiduciari , master/serv relationship , or other special relationship . neither parti shall act in a manner which express or impli a relationship other than that of independ contractor , nor bind the other parti . 9.3 no third parti beneficiari . unless otherwis expressli provid , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - no provis of thi agreement are intend or shall be constru to confer upon or give to ani person or entiti other than nettaxi and spinrecords.com ani right , remedi or other benefit under or by reason of thi agreement . 9.4 equit relief . each parti acknowledg that a breach by the -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - other parti of ani confidenti or proprietari right provis of thi agreement may caus the non-breach parti irrepar damag , for which the award of damag would not be adequ compens . consequ , the non-breach parti may institut an action to enjoin the breach parti from ani and all act in violat of those provis , which remedi shall be cumul and not exclus , and a parti may seek the entri of an injunct enjoin ani breach or threaten breach of those provis , in addit to ani other relief to which the non-breach parti may be entitl at law or in equiti . 9.5 attorney ' fee . in addit to ani other relief award , the -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- prevail parti in ani action aris out of thi agreement shall be entitl to it reason attorney ' fee and cost . 9.6 notic . ani notic requir or permit to be given by either -- -- -- - parti under thi agreement shall be in write and shall be person deliv sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 or sent by a reput overnight mail servic ( e.g. , feder express ) , or by first class mail ( certifi or regist ) , or by facsimil confirm by first class mail ( regist or certifi ) , to the parti at the address indic abov . notic will be deem effect ( i ) three ( 3 ) work day after deposit , postag prepaid , if mail , ( ii ) the next day if sent by overnight mail , or ( iii ) the same day if sent by facsimil and confirm as set forth abov . 9.7 assign . neither nettaxi or spinrecords.com shall assign it -- -- -- -- -- respect right or deleg it oblig hereund , either in whole or in part , whether by oper of law or otherwis , without the prior written consent of the other parti . ani attempt assign or deleg without the other parti 's written consent will be void . 9.8 waiver and modif . failur by either parti to enforc ani -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - provis of thi agreement will not be deem a waiver of futur enforc of that or ani other provis . ani waiver , amend or other modif of ani provis of thi agreement will be effect onli if in write and sign by the parti . 9.9 sever . if for ani reason a court of compet jurisdict -- -- -- -- -- -- find ani provis of thi agreement to be unenforc , that provis of the agreement will be enforc to the maximum extent permiss so as to effect the intent of the parti , and the remaind of thi agreement will continu in full forc and effect . 9.10 control law and jurisdict . thi agreement and ani action -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - relat thereto shall be govern , control , interpret and defin by and under the law of the state of california and the unit state , without regard to the conflict of law provis thereof . unless waiv by nettaxi ( which it may do in it sole discret ) the exclus jurisdict and venu of ani action with respect to the subject matter of thi agreement shall be the superior court of california for the counti of santa clara or the unit state district court for the northern district of california and each of the parti hereto submit itself to the exclus jurisdict and venu of such court for the purpos of ani such action . the parti specif disclaim the un convent on contract for the intern sale of good . 9.11 head . head use in thi agreement are for eas of -- -- -- -- refer onli and shall not be use to interpret ani aspect of thi agreement . 9.12 entir agreement . thi agreement , includ all exhibit which are -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- incorpor herein by refer , constitut the entir agreement between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof , and supersed and replac all prior and contemporan understand or agreement , written or oral , regard such subject matter . 9.13 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in two counterpart , -- -- -- -- -- -- each of which shall be an origin and togeth which shall constitut one and the same instrument . in wit whereof , the parti hereto have execut thi agreement by person duli author as of the date and year first abov written . nettaxi : nettaxi onlin commun , inc. by : /s/ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - it : execut vice presid sale & market -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- solut media solut media , inc. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - by : /s/ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - it : presid -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - tabl of exhibit sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 exhibit a - spinrecords.com brand featur exhibit b - nettaxi brand featur exhibit c - statement of work exhibit a spinrecords.com brand featur 1. servic mark : `` spinrecords.com '' `` spinradio '' `` spin tv '' `` local spin '' `` spin chat '' `` gig-a-board '' `` spin cut '' `` spin chart '' `` join the evolut '' `` the promis of music on the internet deliv '' 2. spinrecords.com collater and dress - spinrecords.com color scheme , font and gener `` look and feel '' 3. spinrecords.com logo 4 . `` anyth but that '' cartoon seri 5. spinrecords.com sourc materi 6. spinrecords.com websit exhibit b nettaxi brand featur 1. servic mark : `` nettaxi '' `` nettaxi.com '' `` nettaxi onlin commun '' `` internet the citi '' `` drive your internet experi '' 2. trade dress - nettaxi color scheme and checker motif; `` look and feel '' 3. nettaxi logo 4. nettaxi sourc materi 5. the websit exhibit c statement of work 1. gener thi is a statement of work under the co-brand agreement by and between nettaxi onlin commun , inc. ( `` nettaxi '' ) and solut media , inc. , ( `` spinrecords.com '' ) date effect as of nov. 5 , 1999 . 2. project manag . nettaxi : will richard spinrecords.com : criona mclaughlin 2165 s. bascom avenu 11440 west bernardo ct campbel , california 95008 san diego , california 92127 phone : ( 408 ) 879-9880 phone : ( 619 ) 451-3223 fax : ( 408 ) 879-9907 fax : ( 619 ) 451-2373 3. brand method spinrecords.com and nettaxi.com will enter into a multi-phas launch of a co-brand commun for nettaxi , and the implement of commun servic for spinrecords.com member . the follow defin the agreement after the final phase . the individu phase are specifi follow the market section of the statement of work . 1 ) spinrecords.com will develop a co-brand site show the nettaxi.com logo . the co-brand shall not includ spinradiotm , spintvtm , featur sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 modul , and spin brand chart . all other navig bar featur shall be modifi to the co-brand includ localnettaxi , and nettaxichat . the spinwar and spinstor will be modifi to includ licens content purchas directli from spinrecords.com and to elimin product that will compet with the nettaxi store . 2 ) spinrecords.com will incorpor from the navig bar a link from nettaxistor to the nettaxi commerc site . 3 ) the co-brand nettaximus store will contain spingear , spingalleri , spinmus , and kingdom skateboard product and servic . spin agre to pay nettaxi a 5 commiss of the gross sale price on all transact . 4 ) spinrecords.com will maintain the spin logo on the site in a corner of their choic . 5 ) nettaxi web base e-mail will replac spinmail on the co-brand site . 6 ) nettaxi 's search engin shall be the default search engin on the co-brand site and on the spinrecords.com homesit , with the except that , in the event spinrecords.com provid it content to or otherwis develop ani co-brand site with ani isp , internet portal or other entiti , spinrecords.com shall not be requir to employ the nettaxi search engin . in all case in which the nettaxi search engin is employ , the search shall first deliv result found on the spinrecords.com websit . the search featur shall have the tag line `` driven by nettaxi '' underneath the search bar . 7 ) nettaxi shall caus it search engin to search and deliv result from the spinrecords.com site and co-brand site as one of the top result for all search for relat word on the co-brand site , the spinrecords.com homesit and the nettaxi.com site . relat word shall includ , but not be limit to : `` music , '' `` mp3 , '' `` independ artist/mus '' and `` cd . '' 8 ) nettaxi will creat a music templat for the nettaxi homepag builder . everi regist member of spinrecords.com and nettaximus will be provid a dynam gener home page . spinrecords.com will submit to nettaxi the exist list of spinrecords.com member from which a homepag shall be gener . 9 ) nettaximus and spinrecords.com will share regist user by synchron the databas for regist user . nettaxi will maintain uniqu id 's for each commun home page built in the spinrecords.com domain and nettaximusic.com domain ( for the purpos of the auto-gener of fan page templat ) . thi synchron shall not includ ani user that arriv at spinrecords.com through ani other co-brand site or through ani other mean of co-branding/co-market with ani other isp , websit or other entiti . 10 ) nettaxi will develop a link from the nettaxi art & entertain area for the co-brand site . 11 ) nettaxi will add nettaximus to the street sign on the a & e page . 12 ) nettaxi will make the word `` music '' on the splash page , under a & e a link , and have it link to nettaxi.spinrecords.com . the co-brand site . 13 ) the co-brand site will have the nettaxi mp3 player as an avail mp3 player on the site . 14 ) spinrecords.com will place the nettaxi logo on promot cdrom 's and sampler that contain the nettaxi mp3 player or site banner . banner on cdrom 's will link straight to nettaxi and nettaximus . 15 ) nettaxi will includ the spinrecords.com logo on promot cdrom 's contain music provid spinrecords.com . 16 ) spinrecords.com will provid a link from all artist ' page to the co-brand registr site for fan to produc fan page . 17 ) nettaxi.com and spinrecords.com will develop abil for all regist user of the co-brand site to achiev one-click buy on the co-brand site whether purchas from nettaxi 's store or the spinstor . 4. market effort 1 ) spinrecords.com will sell ad space on the co-brand site , in accord with the agreement , within 30 day of the effect date . 2 ) both parti agre to develop a nettaxi co-brand cd featur nettaximusic.com . both parti will share the product cost of the nettaximusic.com co-brand cd . the per unit cost shall be 50 cent or less , unless both parti agre otherwis . 3 ) nettaxi will develop a commun base affin model for music that featur spinrecords.com artist . 4 ) nettaxi will provid in-hous advertis to promot the co-brand music site . 5 ) spinrecords.com will engag with nettaxi as an -advertis sponsor promot the co-brand site with each parti contribut a monthli invest of not less than 20,000 per month , in cash expenditur or in-kind contribut toward the market effort ( s ) . 6 ) spinrecords.com will promot nettaximusic.com as a music affili in their sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 non-tradit street market method , to includ flyer 's creat in-hous for spin band , will have the logo of nettaxi.com music in-ord that consum see altern choic to find the band music . 7 ) both parti agre to includ advertis for the other parti in the advertis includ with their web-bas e-mail offer to their user . 8 ) spinrecords.com will grant nettaxi the right to use the artist 's like in promot of the co-brand site . 9 ) nettaxi.com agre to particip in spinrecords.com fourth quarter promot plan by procur 250,000 worth of co-promot placement in spinrecord advertis target toward colleg , extrem sport and other mutual agre upon target audienc . 10 ) spinrecords.com agre to purchas in the fourth quarter , 250,000 worth of advertis and sponsorship space within the nettaxi site for promot of the co-brand and spinrecords.com commun . phase roll out plan phase i : novemb 8th the exist site locat at spinrecords.com/nettaxi shall be launch - target date one week from agreement date . thi site shall contain the web base e-mail from nettaxi . thi site shall also use spinstor and spinwar as it current exist on the site . nettaxi will begin develop of the music templat for the home page builder . spinrecord will submit their exist list of member to nettaxi to integr the homepag builder databas and resolv duplic id 's exist between nettaxi and spinrecord member registr . nettaxi and spinrecord will integr their respect registr to allow both compani to synchron their regist user from the co-brand site . spinrecord can announc the partnership in a press releas the day the co-brand site launch . thi press releas will detail the co-brand relationship . phase ii : novemb 22nd commun home page will be avail to all member of nettaximusic.com and spinrecords.com . spinrecords.com will announc to their exist membership the exist of their new homepag , provid them with their uniqu url and promot their abil to develop a uniqu web site . nettaxi will announc the same abil to all regist member of nettaximusic.com . nettaxi 's search engin will be launch on the spinrecords.com domain . nettaxi 's e-commerc offer will be launch on the co-brand site . spinrecords.com e-comnerc offer will be reduc to provid licens merchandis and content and ani addit product mutual agre upon by nettaxi.com and spinrecords.com . both compani will announc their user abil to shop on the co-brand site use one-click buy . each member can move between the store on the co-brand site and order in each individu store . phase iii : januari 1 , 2000 nettaxi launch citizen and small busi e-commerc offer for all commun site . thi featur will allow current nettaxi home page web site to integr e-commerc offer from their own product and product from the nettaxi store . 5. payment percentag of advertis revenu 5.1 `` spinrecords.com 's advertis revenu '' mean the gross revenu from advertis invoic by spinrecords.com in a calendar quarter for advertis by third parti on the spinrecords.com page , less ani commiss not to exceed 35 . 5.2 `` spinrecords.com 's ar share '' mean the number of impress on the spinrecords.com page by user arriv through the co-brand nettaxi page in sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 a calendar quarter divid by the total number of impress on the spinrecords.com page by all user in that calendar quarter . 5.3 `` nettaxi advertis revenu '' mean the gross revenu from advertis invoic by nettaxi in a calendar quarter for advertis by third parti on the nettaxi page , less ani commiss . 5.4 `` nettaxi 's ar share '' mean the number of impress on the nettaxi page by user arriv through the co-brand spinrecords.com page in a calendar quarter divid by the total number of impress on the nettaxi page by all user in that calendar quarter . 5.5 spinrecords.com rate . in full consider for the right grant -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - by nettaxi , spinrecords.com agre to pay nettaxi fifti ( 50 ) percent of ad revenu at an averag rate no lower then 6.50 per one thousand impress ( cpm ) payabl to nettaxi which result when the spinrecords.com advertis revenu is multipli by spinrecords.com 's ar share . spinrecords.com shall be respons for payment of all tax base on the advertis revenu except tax base on nettaxi 's incom . 5.6 nettaxi rate . n/a . -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5.7 payment schedul . the parti shall make such payment within -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - thirti ( 30 ) day of the end of each calendar quarter for the advertis revenu invoic dure such calendar quarter . 5.8 record . spinrecords.com agre to keep accur book of account -- -- -- - and record at it princip place of busi cover all advertis revenu and associ commiss . upon reason notic of not less than seven ( 7 ) busi day , but in no event more than onc per year ( unless the immedi preced audit show a materi underpay ) , nettaxi shall have the right , subject to suitabl confidenti measur , to caus a certifi public account to inspect those portion of the book of account and record which relat to the royalti owe nettaxi , to confirm that the correct amount owe nettaxi under thi agreement ha been paid . spinrecords.com shall maintain such book of account and record which support each statement for at least two year after the termin or expir of thi contract or after the final payment made by spinrecords.com to nettaxi , whichev is later . 2 : per custom fee 1. spinrecords.com payment . for each user that access the co-brand -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- site and becom a pay custom on the co-brand site , spinrecords.com agre to pay a fee of five ( 5 ) percent of the gross sale . 2. nettaxi payment . n/a . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 3. payment term . all fee will be paid on or befor fifteen ( 15 ) day -- -- -- -- -- -- -- after the end of the month in which the parti ha receiv payment 4. audit right . spinrecords.com shall maintain for a period of two -- -- -- -- -- -- - ( 2 ) year after the end of the year to which they pertain , complet record of it 's custom in order to calcul and confirm spinrecords.com 's oblig hereund . upon reason prior notic , nettaxi will have the right , exercis not more than onc everi twelv ( 12 ) month , to appoint an independ account firm or other agent reason accept to spinrecords.com , at nettaxi 's expens , to examin such book , record and account dure spinrecords.com 's normal busi hour to verifi the amount due by spinrecords.com to nettaxi herein , subject execut of nettaxi 's standard confidenti agreement by the account firm or agent; provid , howev , that execut of such agreement will not preclud such firm from report it result to nettaxi . in the event such audit disclos an underpay or overpay of royalti due hereund , the appropri parti will promptli remit the amount due to the other parti . if ani such audit disclos a shortfal in payment to nettaxi of more than five percent ( 5 ) for ani quarter , spinrecords.com agre to pay or reimburs nettaxi for the expens of such audit . sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000 sourc : rae system inc , 10-q , 11/14/2000