exhibit 10.27 medialinx file no . 952 co-brand content agreement -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - thi agreement made as of the 30th day of june 1999 between : medialinx interact , l.p. , repres herein by it gener partner medialinx interact inc. a corpor incorpor under the law of the provinc of ontario 20 richmond street east suit 600 toronto , ontario m5c 3b5 ( hereinaft call `` mlx '' , or `` parti '' ) - and - healthcentral.com inc. a corpor incorpor under the law of the state of california marketplac tower 6001 shellmound street , suit 800 emeryvil , ca . 94608 ( hereinaft call `` hci '' or `` parti '' ) ( both mlx and hci to be collect refer to as the `` parti '' ) wherea mlx own , host , licens , publish and maintain an internet servic in canada that includ , but is not limit to the `` sympatico '' web site which includ inter alia , the healthyway web site on the world wide web ( the `` mlx internet servic '' ) ; and wherea hci own , host , licens , publish and maintain a health servic web site known as healthcentral.com on the world wide web ( the `` hci site ) ; now therefor in consider of the mutual coven herein contain and other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti agre as follow : certain inform on thi exhibit ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . confidenti treatment ha been request with respect to the omit portion . 1. servic & develop a ) mlx and hci have agre to provid certain servic and content to each other in order to mutual develop and integr content from the hci site into the sympatico health section , current known as `` healthyway '' , of the sympatico web site ( the `` co-brand site '' ) . b ) the parti have agre that they will mutual approv the design of the co-brand site and that the launch date of the co-brand site shall be septemb 1st , 1999 unless mutual extend by the parti as agre to in write . 2. mlx 's oblig and respons sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 dure the term of thi agreement mlx shall : a ) continu to technic host and moder all of the healthyway discuss forum current resid on the forum section of the sympatico web site . medialinx shall retain all right , titl to and interest in the discuss forums; b ) promot the co-brand site as set out in schedul `` 1 '' attach hereto; c ) grant to hci , a non-exclus and non-transfer right to use medialinx imag and certain content contain in the healthyway web site ( the `` sympatico content '' ) for the sole purpos of satisfi the requir of thi agreement . medialinx shall retain all right , titl to and interest in the sympatico content; d ) grant to hci , to the extent that hci requir access to mlx logo and trademark ( collect `` mlx mark '' ) the use of certain mlx mark as necessari for the purpos of fulfil it oblig under thi agreement . hci assur that the mlx mark are use in accord with mlx 's logo usag guidelin as provid by mlx from time to time . without limit the gener of the forego , hci agre : ( i ) that mlx is the owner of the mlx mark and the goodwil and reput associ therewith; ( ii ) not to contest the valid of the mlx mark or mlx 's titl thereto; ( iii ) that hci acquir no right , titl or interest in the mlx mark , and ani and all goodwil associ with the mlx mark enur exclus to the benefit of mlx; ( iv ) to notifi mlx promptli of ani attempt by ani third parti to use mlx mark , or ani variat or imit thereof of which hci becom aware; ( v ) at mlx 's expens , to fulli co-oper with mlx and execut such document and at the request of mlx to do such act and thing as may be reason necessari or desir to restrain such use; e ) ensur that in the event that it enter into an electron commerc agreement with a third parti for the sale of good on the co-brand site that all agreement with the third parti shall ensur that such third parti shall be wholli respons for all product and transact that may occur on the co-brand site , that all such transact shall compli with all applic canadian and us law and regul , includ privaci law and includ complianc with medialinx 's standard and guidelin , and ensur that such third parti provid a full indemn to medialinx and hci in respect of ani and all transact and product that may be host on the co-brand site; f ) ensur that in the event that user traffic to the co-brand site fall below the level outlin in schedul 2 , that medialinx will use all commerci reason effort to increas promot to the co-brand site until usag to the site increas to level abov the level outlin in schedul 2; and g ) make a reason effort to explor the technic possibl of share with hci the traffic on the home page of the sympatico health section of the sympatico web site , subject to ani legal and regulatori constraint . 3. hci 's oblig and respons dure the term of thi agreement hci shall : a ) use reason commerci effort to provid industri accept standard of reliabl of servic and to make avail the appropri product resourc to build and maintain the co-brand site; b ) integr content contain in the hci site into the co-brand site of the sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 sympatico web site subject to the prior approv of medialinx; c ) updat the `` look and feel '' of the co-brand site upon launch , subject to the prior approv and consent of medialinx; d ) ensur that gener term and condit on the co-brand site are subject to the prior approv of medialinx; e ) host , manag , updat and maintain all aspect of the mutual approv co- brand site includ technolog , content , product , design , oper , and custom relat save and except forum . without limit the gener of the forego , hci shall use all reason commerci effort to : 1 ) ensur that the host servic provid in connect with the co-brand site are provid at the same standard as the host of the sympatico web site , and 2 ) ensur that the co-brand site is avail 7 day per week and 24 hour per day; f ) ensur that the level of canadian content contain on the co-brand site is maintain at such level as is found on the healthyway section of the sympatico web site on the launch date , and ensur that the level of canadian content is maintain in accord with the attach schedul `` 3 '' ; g ) design the co-brand site in such a manner so as to make promin canadian content , canadian context and canadian activ , such as describ in schedul `` 3 '' ; h ) make all reason effort to suppress or remov all content from the hci site which is to be integr into the co-brand site that is irrelev and inappropri for the canadian market and ensur that all content contain in the co-brand site continu to be relev for the canadian market in accord with schedul `` 3 '' ; i ) provid medialinx with daili usag statist for the co-brand site in accord with the follow format attach hereto as schedul `` 4 '' ; j ) have the option to provid and manag some discuss forum host refer to in paragraph 2 ( a ) of thi agreement; k ) ensur that it onli util commun relat servic and tool on the co-brand site which have been provid by medialinx 's canadian telecommun partner , includ but not limit to webmail , directori , address book , and ip telephony; l ) grant to mlx , to the extent that mlx requir access to hci logo and trademark ( collect `` hci mark '' ) the use of certain hci mark as necessari for the purpos of fulfil it oblig under thi agreement . mlx assur that the hci mark are use in accord with hci 's logo usag guidelin as provid by hci from time to time . without limit the gener of the forego , mlx agre : ( i ) that hci is the owner of the hci mark and the goodwil and reput associ therewith; ( ii ) not to contest the valid of the hci mark or hci 's titl thereto; ( iii ) that mlx acquir no right , titl or interest in the hci mark , and ani and all goodwil associ with the hci mark enur exclus to the benefit of hci; ( iv ) to notifi hci promptli of ani attempt by ani third parti to use the hci mark , or ani variat or imit thereof of which mlx becom aware; ( v ) at hci 's expens , to fulli co-oper with hci and execut such document and at the request of hci to do such act and thing as may be reason necessari or desir to restrain such use; and m ) ensur that in the event that it enter into an electron commerc sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 agreement with a third parti for the sale of good on the co-brand site that all agreement with the third parti shall ensur that such third parti shall be wholli respons for all product and transact that may occur on the co-brand site , that all such transact shall compli with all applic canadian and us law and regul , includ privaci law and includ complianc with medialinx 's standard and guidelin , and ensur that such third parti provid a full indemn to medialinx and hci in respect of ani and all transact and product that may be host on the co-brand site . 4. advertis subject to paragraph 6 , medialinx shall be entitl to sell advertis and sponsorship on all page of the co-brand site to canadian advertis ( for the purpos of thi agreement `` canadian advertis '' shall be advertis with substanti place of busi in canada ) and hci shall be entitl to sell advertis and sponsorship on all page of the co-brand site to us advertis ( for the purpos of thi agreement , us advertis shall be advertis with substanti place of busi in the unit state ) . all sponsorship and advertis packag deal for the co-brand site will be mutual agre upon by the parti and shall abid by medialinx 's and hci 's standard advertis agreement and canadian and u.s. advertis regul and standard . ani excess inventori that ha not been sold is avail to be sold by either parti . neither parti shall permit advertis on the co-brand site from an entiti which is a competitor to the other parti . for the purpos of thi agreement , a `` competitor '' to medialinx shall be an internet portal web site and/or an internet servic provid . for the purpos of thi agreement , a '' competitor '' to hci shall be a consum health base web site . the parti shall defin a plan in write prior to the launch set out how the parti shall work togeth to jointli sell advertis , serv the advertis and track the advertis inventori on the co-brand site . 5. e-commerc subject to paragraph 6 , medialinx and hci shall be entitl to negoti e- commerc relationship which shall resid on the co-brand site . in addit to the term and condit detail in paragraph 2 ( e ) and 3 ( m ) , both parti acknowledg and agre that ani e-commerc offer must be abl to offer price in canadian dollar and provid ship across canada , unless otherwis mutual agre to in write . in addit , all product offer through the co- brand site must abid by all canadian law and regul . the cost of integr ani e-commerc relationship will be born by the entiti that brought the relationship . ani and all market activ and design of an e-commerc system shall be approv by both parti . 6. financi ( a ) hci shall pay mlx a guarante fix sum of [ ] us per annum dure the initi term of thi agreement to be paid out as a monthli payment of [ ] us ( the `` monthli payment '' ) . thi monthli payment shall be due by the 10th day of each month; ( b ) hci shall be entitl to all net revenu gener from advertis and e- commerc transact gener by canadian compani that may take place on the co-brand site up to and includ [ ] us in ani given year . thereaft , ani net revenu exceed [ ] us shall be share fifty-fifti between the parti ( 50 medialinx -- 50 hci ) . hci shall be entitl to all proce gener from us compani on the co-brand site . `` net revenu '' is defin as revenu less : 1 ) third parti expens directli relat to the acquisit of the revenue; for exampl , advertis broker commiss and advertis manag servic , and 2 ) intern paid commiss for sell the advertis and/or sponsorship; ( c ) both parti shall keep true and accur book and record of all revenu gener as a result of the co-brand site . either parti shall have the right from time to time to audit and make extract of the book and record of the other , insofar as said book or record pertain to the term of thi agreement . ani such audit shall take place upon not less than seven ( 7 ) day advanc written notic , dure normal busi hour of normal busi day and at reason interv . ani such audit shall be at the sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 request parti 's expens , unless the audit determin that the other parti ha underpaid by 10 or more . in the event that the calcul of payment herein is determin by a computer-bas system , then the `` book and record '' shall includ , without limit , the machine-sens data ( e.g . punch card , magnet tape , discs; and ( d ) both parti shall provid the other with quarterli account report as necessari . the quarterli report period end septemb 30th and decemb 31st , 1999 , march 31st , 2000 , and june 30th , 2000. applic remitt and account report will follow under separ cover within sixti ( 60 ) day of the end of each quarter . [ ] = certain inform on thi page ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . confidenti treatment ha been request with respect to the omit portion . 7. custom inform ani and all custom data that is collect from the co-brand site shall be collect and use in accord with canadian feder and provinci law and u.s. feder and state law and both medialinx and hci privaci guidelin and medialinx and hci shall each own an undivid interest in such data . medialinx will not have access to the hci person health record ( be the longitudin repositori of person health inform about user of the co-brand site ) dure or after the term of thi agreement . dure the term of thi agreement and for a period of six ( 6 ) month thereaft , medialinx shall not use or publicli disclos the data collect from user of the co-brand site if such use is for the purpos of provid health inform , advertis , or product that compet with those that resid on the co-brand site . in other instanc , medialinx shall be entitl to use or publicli disclos the data collect subject to privaci guidelin note abov . in addit to the forego , hci shall ensur that the co-brand site is integr into the sympatico site-wid registri in order for user to have a singl login access for all sympatico.ca and sympatico co-brand web site . 8. page view both medialinx and hci shall be entitl to count the page view on the co- brand site . in the event that it becom necessari to have onli one parti count the number of page view on the co-brand site , due to third parti report , regulatori and/or legal requir , hci shall be entitl to count one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the content page view of the co-brand site and mlx shall be entitl to count one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the healthyway discuss forum page view and one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the page view on the sympatico health home page . 9. exclus dure the term of the agreement , and subject to the follow requir respect canadian content level as set out in paragraph 3 ( f ) , ( g ) and ( h ) , hci shall be the exclus health content partner in the health section of the sympatico web site , provid howev , that noth contain herein shall prevent medialinx from enter into an agreement with other parti for : i ) a health base web directory; or ii ) other health relat content whose content doe not compet with the content contain on the co-brand site; which in no event shall receiv no more than one fifth ( 1/5th ) of the promot and which shall constitut no more than one fifth ( 1/5th ) of the total health relat content which resid on the home page of the sympatico health section . in the event that medialinx obtain a web guid from a third parti , medialinx and hci shall discuss how to present both web guid to the user , and make best effort to agre to the kind of experi that the user shall have when util the new web guid . if , at ani time dure the term of thi agreement , hci fail to meet the content requir set out in paragraph 3 ( f ) , ( g ) and ( h ) , hci shall no longer be entitl to be the exclus health content partner in the health section of the sympatico web site . hci shall not either directli or indirectli licens or deliv content to or carri on or be engag with ani other canadian portal web site , be a web site which aggreg and market a varieti of content direct to multipl commun of interest and which offer product , sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 tool and servic to a broad base of canadian end user . 10. brand & commun dure the first six ( 6 ) month from the launch date , the primari brand for the co-brand site shall remain healthyway . in addit to the forego and subject to mutual design approv , a `` power by healthcentr '' or such other appropri tag line shall appear on the co-brand site and shall be approxim 80 of the font size of the healthyway titl and will be close to the healthyway brand . thereaft , the healthyway and health central trademark shall be co-brand in a mutual agre upon method . the url for the co-brand site shall remain healthyway.sympatico.ca . a separ redirect url may be set up for the co-brand site , e.g . healthcentral.sympatico.ca . all electron commun to the user of the co-brand site shall be jointli develop , co-brand with each parti 's respect mark and shall be mutual agre upon . 11. term & termin 11.1 term the term of thi agreement shall be for a period of two ( 2 ) year ( the `` term '' ) . the effect date of the start of the term will be from the launch date . 11.2 termin ( a ) either parti may termin thi agreement upon 30 day prior written notic to the other parti if 1 ) such other parti breach ani materi term of thi agreement , unless such breach is cure within 30 days; or 2 ) if ani of the term of thi agreement that requir mutual approv are not mutual agre to; ( b ) thi agreement may be termin by a parti immedi , without notic : ( i ) upon the institut by or against the other parti of insolv , receivership , or bankruptci proceed or ani other proceed for the settlement of the other parti 's debt , if such proceed are not dismiss within sixti ( 60 ) days; ( ii ) upon the other parti make an assign for the benefit of creditors; or ( iii ) upon the other parti 's dissolution; ( c ) either parti may termin thi agreement upon 30 day written notic if either parti 's corpor structur ha undergon a materi ownership chang such that it corpor interest are then in conflict with the corpor interest of the other party; and ( d ) upon termin or expir of thi agreement for ani reason : ( i ) the parti shall immedi ceas use the mark of the other party; ( ii ) the parti shall immedi return to each other all properti of the other and ceas use or distribut all advertis or promot materi , if ani , contain refer to the other parti or the other parti 's product; ( iii ) the parti shall remov all special link made pursuant to thi agreement from their respect product of the other party; and ( iv ) each parti shall pay to the other parti all outstand amount which have accru and are properli owe , includ without limit , ani new account custom commiss payment or net advertis revenu owe outstand togeth with ani appropri final report . sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 11.3 the exercis of a right of termin or other right or remedi in connect with thi agreement shall be without prejudic to ani other right or remedi to which the termin parti may be entitl under thi agreement or applic law . 12. represent & warranti ( a ) mlx 's represent and warranti . mlx repres and warrant that : ( i ) it ha full right , power and author to enter into and be bound by the term and condit of thi agreement and to perform it oblig under thi agreement , without the approv or consent of ani other party; ( ii ) it ha suffici right , titl and interest in and to the right grant to hci pursuant to thi agreement to enter and perform thi agreement and to enabl hci to perform under thi agreement; ( iii ) it own all intellectu properti in and to the mlx mark and the sympatico content , includ but not limit to ani and all creativ advertis content , or ha obtain all necessari licens , clearanc , assign and waiver in respect of ani and all intellectu properti use in the sympatico content , includ without limit waiver of moral right necessari to publish , licens and distribut world-wide; ( iv ) the use , reproduct , distribut or transmiss of the sympatico content will not violat ani law includ crimin law , commerci law , or ani right of ani third parti includ , but not limit to such violat as infring or misappropri of copyright , patent , trademark , trade defam , invas of privaci or right of celebr , violat of ani anti-discrimin law or regul , or ani other right of ani person or entity; ( v ) it ha all necessari skill and materi necessari to provid it contribut to the co-brand site as contempl by thi agreement . mlx shall perform the servic describ herein in a time fashion with all due skill , compet and dilig and the qualiti of the co- brand site shall meet both hci 's and mlx 's standard of high qualiti and excellence; ( vi ) that the inform contain in the mlx mark and the mlx content is accur , doe not contain ani materi that is libel , obscen , mislead or otherwis harm . ( b ) hci 's represent and warranti . hci repres and warrant that : ( i ) it ha full right , power and author to enter into and be bound by the term and condit of thi agreement and to perform it oblig under thi agreement , without the approv or consent of ani other party; ( ii ) it ha suffici right , titl and interest in and to the right grant to mlx pursuant to thi agreement to enter and perform thi agreement and to enabl mlx to perform under thi agreement; ( iii ) it own all intellectu properti in and to the hci mark and all content hci contribut to the co-brand site ( the `` hci content '' ) includ but not limit to ani and all creativ advertis content , or ha obtain all necessari licens , clearanc , assign and waiver in respect of ani and all intellectu properti use in the hci mark and the hci content , includ without limit waiver of moral right necessari to sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 publish , licens and distribut world-wide; ( iv ) the use , reproduct , distribut or transmiss of the hci mark and hci content will not violat ani law includ crimin law , commerci law , or ani right of ani third parti includ , but not limit to such violat as infring or misappropri of copyright , patent , trademark , trade defam , invas of privaci or right of celebr , violat of ani anti-discrimin law or regul , or ani other right of ani person or entity; ( v ) the co-brand site will function , oper and perform in all materi respect in accord with the requir describ or incorpor in the agreement; ( vi ) it ha all necessari skill and materi necessari to provid it contribut to the co-brand site as contempl by thi agreement . hci shall perform the servic describ herein in a time fashion with all due skill , compet and dilig and the qualiti of the co- brand site shall meet both hci 's and mlx 's standard of high qualiti and excellence; ( vii ) that no advertis submit to mlx hereund shall make use of ani sublimin techniqu and hold mlx and it affili and relat compani harmless against ani loss or damag aris from the storag and/or use of ani and all advertis . hci warrant that ani and all advertis that it submit compli with advertis standard in canada , includ those of mlx and that the use , reproduct , distribut , or transmiss of such advertis will not violat ani crimin law , commerci law or ani right of ani third parti , includ , but not limit to , such violat as infring or misappropri of copyright , patent , trademark , trade secret , music , imag , video/ful motion video or other proprietari or properti right , fals advertis , unfair competit , defam , invas of privaci or right of celebr , properti right , fals advertis , unfair competit , defam , invas of privaci or right of celebr , violat of ani anti-discrimin law or regul , or ani other right of ani person or entity; ( viii ) that the co-brand site will function , oper and perform in all materi respect in accord with the requir describ in the agreement; and ( vix ) that the inform contain in the hci mark and the hci content is accur , doe not contain ani materi that is libel , obscen , mislead or otherwis harm . 13. no addit warranti a ) except as specif provid herein or as agre to in write by the parti , the servic provid under thi agreement are not guarante and are provid `` as is '' and mlx give no represent , warranti or condit of ani kind , express or impli , includ without limit warranti as to insert , display or load of ani advertis , sponsorship or integr brand search engin uninterrupt or error free oper of the sympatico web site , ani advertis , sponsorship , integr brand search engin or link , merchant , qualiti or fit for a particular purpos and those aris by statut or otherwis , or from a cours of deal or usag of trade; and b ) except as specif provid herein or as agre to in write by the parti : 1 ) the servic provid under thi agreement are not guarante and are provid `` as is '' ; and 2 ) hci give no represent , warranti or condit of ani kind , express or impli , includ without limit warranti as to : insert , display or load of ani advertis , sponsorship or integr brand search engin uninterrupt or error free oper of the co-brand web site , ani advertis , sponsorship , integr brand search engin or link , merchant , qualiti or fit for a particular purpos and those aris by statut or otherwis , or from a cours of deal or usag of trade . 14. indemnif sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 ( a ) by mlx : mlx agre to indemnifi and hold harmless hci and it employe , repres , agent and affili from ani and all liabil , loss , claim , damag or caus of action ( each a `` claim '' ) , includ reason legal fee and expens that may be incur by , aris out of or relat to ani claim that the mlx mark or sympatico content or ani mlx develop advertis infring in ani manner ani copyright , patent , trademark , trade secret or ani other intellectu properti right of ani third party; ( b ) by hci : hci agre to indemnifi and hold harmless mlx and it employe , repres , agent and affili from ani claim includ reason legal fee and expens that may be incur by , aris out of or relat to ani third parti claim that the hci mark or hci content or ani hci develop advertis infring in ani manner ani copyright , patent , trademark , trade secret or ani other intellectu properti right of ani third party; and ( c ) procedur : all indemnif oblig under section 14 , shall be subject to the follow requir : ( i ) the indemnifi parti shall provid the indemnifi parti with prompt written notic of ani claim; ( ii ) the indemnifi parti shall permit the indemnifi parti to assum and control the defens of ani action upon the indemnifi parti 's written acknowledg of the oblig to indemnify; and ( iii ) the indemnifi parti shall not enter into ani settlement or compromis of ani claim without the indemnifi parti 's prior written consent , which shall not be unreason withheld . in addit , the indemnifi parti may , at it own expens , particip in it defens of ani claim . in the event that the indemnifi parti assum the defens of ani such claim , the indemnifi parti shall have no liabil for legal fee and cost incur by the indemnifi parti . 15. limit of liabil except with respect to the indemn oblig in section 14 , the confidenti oblig under section 16 , and the year 2000 complianc oblig under section 20 , notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi agreement , under no circumst shall either parti be liabl to the other parti with respect to the subject matter of thi agreement under ani contract , neglig , strict liabil , tort or other legal or equit theori for ani indirect , incident , consequenti , special or exemplari damag ( includ , without limit , loss of revenu or goodwil or anticip profit or lost busi ) , even if such parti ha been advis of the possibl of such damag . 16. confidenti each parti shall keep confidenti ani inform , data and report obtain in connect with thi agreement , unless such inform ha been right obtain from a third parti or is gener avail to the public , or as must be disclos by law . upon termin of thi agreement , each of the parti ( the `` receiv parti '' ) shall return to the other parti ( the `` disclos parti '' ) ani record or copi thereof which it may have obtain from the disclos parti in connect with it review of the disclos parti 's busi , other than inform otherwis right obtain by receiv parti , act in good faith , from someon other than the disclos parti or gener avail to the public . each parti shall hold the term and provis of thi agreement confidenti and shall not disclos it term to ani person except to it manag . notwithstand the forego , thi agreement and the loi is subject to the term and condit of the confidenti and non-disclosur agreement sign between the parti date may 3rd , 1999 . 17. no public notic sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 no public announc of the propos transact will be made by either parti unless the time and content have been agre upon in advanc by both parti , except as may otherwis be requir by law . it is understood though that medialinx may discuss thi arrang with it sympatico internet servic provid and affili to the extent necessari to meet the propos time line . 18. cost unless agre to otherwis , each parti will pay for it own cost and expens in connect with thi agreement and the propos activ contempl herein , without limit , legal fee , broker , account and other profession advisor . 19. independ contractor it is the intent of mlx and hci that mlx and hci are , and shall be deem to be , independ contractor with respect to the subject matter of thi agreement , and noth contain in thi agreement shall be deem or constru in ani manner whatsoev as creat ani partnership , joint ventur , employ , agenc , fiduciari or other similar relationship between mlx and hci . 20. year 2000 complianc both mlx and hci repres and warrant that their contribut to the co- brand site are design to be use prior to , dure , and after the calendar year 2000 ad and will oper dure each such time period without error relat to date data , specif includ ani error relat to , or the product of , date data which repres or refer differ centuri or more than a centuri . without limit the gener of the forego , the co-brand site : ( i ) will not abnorm end or provid invalid or incorrect result as a result of date data , specif includ date data which repres or refer differ centuri or more than one century; ( ii ) ha been design to ensur year 2000 compat , includ , but not limit to , date data centuri recognit , calcul which accommod same centuri and multi- centuri formula and date valu , and date data interfac valu that reflect the century; and ( iii ) includ `` year 2000 capabl '' . for the purpos of thi agreement , `` year 2000 capabl '' mean the co-brand site ( i ) will manag , calcul , sequenc , compar and manipul data involv date , includ singl centuri formula and multi-centuri formula , includ leap year and will not caus an abnorm end scenario within the applic or gener incorrect valu or invalid result involv such dates; ( ii ) provid that all date-rel user interfac function and data field includ the indic of century; and ( iii ) provid that all date-rel data interfac function includ the indic of centuri . while hci assert that it code and script will execut properli , as describ abov , and that hci use third parti softwar that specifi y2k complianc , we can not guarante that all third parti softwar will perform as specifi by the manufactur . should a third parti product fail to meet it y2k complianc polici , we will work with the vendor to remedi the problem in a time fashion . hci will ensur that it compli with ani third parti recommend that are necessari for y2k complianc . 21. govern law thi agreement shall be govern by and interpret and enforc in accord with the law of the provinc of ontario and the parti agre to abid by the jurisdict of the court of ontario . 22. entir agreement thi agreement , togeth with ani and all attach exhibit and/or schedul , repres the entir agreement between mlx and hci with respect to the subject matter herein and shall superced all prior agreement , commun and understand of the parti , oral and/or written . 23. legal fee the prevail parti in ani legal action brought by one parti against the other and aris out of thi agreement shall be entitl , in addit to ani other sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 right and remedi it may have , to reimburs for it expens , includ court and arbitr cost , as well as reason legal fee . 24. successor and assign except as provid in thi section , neither parti may assign it right or oblig under thi agreement without the prior written consent of the other parti , which shall not be unreason withheld . notwithstand the forego , either parti shall be permit to assign thi agreement and ani of it right and oblig hereund to an affili or relat compani or to a purchas of all or substanti all of it internet busi , without obtain the prior written consent of the other parti . 25. forc majeur neither parti shall be liabl for failur to perform or delay in perform ani oblig under thi agreement if such failur or delay is due to fire , flood , earthquak , strike , war ( declar or undeclar ) , embargo , blockad , legal prohibit , government action , riot , insurrect , damag , destruct or ani other similar caus beyond the control of such parti . 26. notic all notic , request , consent and other commun which are requir or permit hereund shall be in write and shall be deem given ( a ) when deliv in person at the time of such deliveri or by telecopi with confirm receipt of transmiss at the date and time indic on such receipt or ( b ) when receiv if given by an intern recogn express courier servic to the address specifi below . notic of chang of address shall be given in the same manner as other commun . if to hci : if to medialinx : - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- healthcentral.com inc. medialinx interact , l.p. 2600 tenth street 20 richmond street east , suit 600 berkeley , ca toronto , ontario , m5c 3b5 94710 attn : director of content fax : ( 416 ) 350-1516 with a copi to legal depart : fax no . : ( 416 ) 350-5212 27. counterpart thi agreement may be execut in one or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin and all of which , taken togeth , shall constitut one and the same instrument . 28. head the section and articl head contain in thi agreement are includ for conveni onli , and shall not limit or otherwis affect the term of thi agreement . schedul `` 1 '' mlx will run [ ] advertis banner , promot the co-brand site each month , which shall run throughout the sympatico.ca site . mlx will promot the co-brand site on the sympatico.ca homepag in a frequent and time fashion . mlx will promot the sympatico health site through sympatico.ca hous advertis , from time to time . mlx will provid contextu integr of health content into other area of sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 sympatico.ca , as appropri . mlx will provid a persist link , in fold , from the sympatico health site home page to the co-brand site . mlx will provid a link to the sympatico health site home page from the sympatico.ca home page . [ ] = certain inform on thi page ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . confidenti treatment ha been request with respect to the omit portion . schedul `` 2 '' mlx will use all commerci reason effort to maintain the user traffic at a monthli minimum of : . [ ] page view three ( 3 ) month after the launch of the co-brand site; . [ ] page view six ( 6 ) month after the launch of the co-brand site; and . [ ] page view twelv ( 12 ) month after the launch of the co-brand site . [ ] = certain inform on thi page ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . confidenti treatment ha been request with respect to the omit portion . schedul `` 3 '' hci shall ensur that canadian content and context is promot and maintain within the co-brand site in accord with the follow : ensur that canadian spell is use throughout the site where possibl . ensur that non-relev or inappropri inform is either remov or put into context for a canadian user . ensur that canadian health inform sourc from canadian content provid is ad to the site , where possibl . issu relat to access to servic : canadian public health care system there is littl notion of `` manag care '' in canada inclus of canadian `` self help '' resourc health relat law & polici : feder and provinci govern fund of healthcar and the exist of a social safeti net in canada allow distribut of drug differ role relat to pharmaceut advertis societ context of canada : canada 's multicultur make up ( e.g . less hispan , more asian ) likelihood of differ health risk factor for canadian differ behaviour of the canadian popul ( e.g . travel south for the winter , `` snowbird '' ) differ health event e.g . `` heart month '' technic : differ in drug name canadian currenc metric system for measur the canadian voic : import to highlight canadian health expert e.g . canadian health profession , research , compani '' local '' event e.g . hospit closur , labour issu sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999 schedul `` 4 '' hci will provid mlx with usag statist in the follow 2 format : 1 ) access to real time onlin statist through a web browser includ a number of preprogram usag report , and 2 ) a format mutual agre to by hci and mlx sourc : healthcentr com , s-1/a , 11/8/1999