exhibit 10.4 co-brand agreement thi co-brand agreement ( thi `` agreement '' ) date septemb 30 , 1999 ( the '' effect date '' ) is enter into between verticalnet , inc. , a pennsylvania corpor have a princip place of busi at 700 dresher road , suit 100 , horsham , pennsylvania , pa 19044 ( `` verticalnet '' ) , and paperexchange.com , llc , a delawar limit liabil compani have a princip place of busi at 545 boylston street , 8th floor , boston , ma 02116 ( `` paperexchang '' ) . in consider of the mutual coven herein , and intend to be legal bound herebi , the parti agre as follow : 1. definit 1.1. affili shall mean , when use with refer to a parti , ani individu or entiti directli or indirectli control , control by or under common control with such parti . for purpos of thi definit , `` control '' mean the direct or indirect ownership of at least 50 of the outstand vote secur of a parti , or the right to control the polici decis of such parti . 1.2. career center net revenu shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 7.1.1 [ co-brand career center ] . 1.3. co-brand career center shall mean the `` career center '' portion of pulp and paper onlin locat at : http : //www.pulpandpaperonline.com/content/careercenter/home/jobscan_home.asp ( or a successor site thereto ) . 1.4. co-brand equip list shall mean the `` auction '' portion of pulp and paper onlin locat at : http : //www2.pulpandpaperonline.com/content/auctions/home.asp ( or a successor site thereto ) . 1.5. co-brand site shall mean the co-brand career center and the co-brand equip list . 1.6. co-brand url shall mean the mutual agreed-upon url which shall be regist jointli by verticalnet and paperexchang and shall rout user through to the co-brand site . 1.7. confidenti inform shall mean all proprietari and confidenti inform of a parti , includ , without limit , trade secret , technic inform , busi inform , sale inform , custom and potenti custom list and ident , product sale plan , sublicens agreement , invent , develop , discoveri , softwar , know-how , method , techniqu , formula , data , process and other trade secret and proprietari idea , whether or not protect under patent , trademark , copyright or other area of law , that the other parti ha access to or receiv , but doe not includ inform that ( a ) is or becom publicli avail through no fault of receiv party; ( b ) wa alreadi known to the receiv parti at the time it wa disclos to the receiv parti , as evidenc by written record of the receiv party; ( c ) is independ develop by employe of the receiv parti who had no knowledg of or confidenti treatment request : materi ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . access to such inform , as evidenc by written record of the receiv party; or ( d ) is receiv from a third parti who is under no oblig of confidenti to the disclos parti . 1.8. equip list net revenu shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 7.1.2 [ co-brand equip list ] . 1.9. initi term shall mean the effect date through the day prior to the fourth anniversari of the effect date , unless earlier termin pursuant to section 8 . 1.10. intellectu properti shall mean ani and all trade secret , patent , copyright , trademark , url , trade dress , brand featur , know-how and similar right of ani type under the law of ani applic government author , includ , without limit , all applic and registr relat to ani of the forego . 1.11. intellectu properti right shall mean all right in and to intellectu properti . 1.12. link shall mean a link ( includ , but not limit to , a hyperlink , button or banner ) that connect two site in a manner so that when a user click on the link , the user is transfer directli from one site to a second site . a '' link from site a to site b '' indic that site a is the site of origin and site b is the site to which the user is link . 1.13. net advertis revenu shall mean the gross amount bill to an advertis for the sale of advertis on the third parti advertis alloc on the paperexchang site , less ( a ) credit for claim , allow , retroact price reduct or return good , and ( b ) sale , excis , use , value-ad and other similar tax ( exclud incom tax ) actual paid , if applic . 1.14. packag onlin shall mean the site locat at www.packagingonline.com ( or a successor site thereto ) . 1.15. paperexchang career content shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 2.2 [ co-brand career center and co-brand ... ] . 1.16. paperexchang competitor shall mean ani exchang , auction or revers auction for the sale , purchas and/or exchang of pulp , paper and paper packag . 1.17. paperexchang equip content shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 2.2 [ co-brand career center and co-brand ... ] . 1.18. paperexchang deliver shall mean ani good , servic or other item to be deliv or made avail by paperexchang . 1.19. paperexchang home page shall mean the home page locat at the paperexchang site . 1.20. paperexchang link shall mean a link that contain a paperexchang mark and will take user of other site to the paperexchang home page . sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 1.21. paperexchang mark shall mean ani trademark , servic mark , trade name , domain name , design or logo of paperexchang . 1.22. paperexchang revenu shall mean the gross revenu receiv by paperexchang from transact fee less ( a ) credit for claim , allow , retroact price reduct or return good , and ( b ) sale , excis , use , value-ad and other similar tax ( exclud incom tax ) actual paid . 1.23. paperexchang site shall mean the site locat at www.paperexchange.com ( or a successor site thereto ) . 1.24. pulp and paper onlin shall mean the site locat at www.pulpandpaperonline.com ( or a successor site thereto ) . 1.25. pulp and paper onlin competitor shall mean ani onlin vertic commun portal for profession in the pulp and paper industri ( other than pulp and paper onlin and paperexchang ) . 1.26. renew term shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 8.1 [ automat renew ] . 1.27. site shall mean an internet world wide web site . 1.28. storefront shall mean a site contain in ( and link to ) a verticalnet site that , among other thing , provid inform regard an advertis and the advertis 's product and/or servic , link a visitor to the advertis 's websit , and/or gener sale lead for the advertis from interest visitor , but doe not includ direct e-commerc fulfil , such as catalog sale . 1.29. term shall mean the initi term and ani renew term . 1.30. third parti advertis alloc shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 4.1 [ advertis on the paperexchang site ] . 1.31. transact fee shall mean the fee receiv by paperexchang from third parti in consider for facilit the purchas and/or sale of pulp and/or paper through the paperexchang site . 1.32. verticalnet archiv content shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 3.2 [ verticalnet content ] . 1.33. verticalnet content shall have the mean ascrib thereto in section 3.1 [ verticalnet content ] . 1.34. verticalnet deliver shall mean ani good , servic or other item to be deliv or made avail by verticalnet . 1.35. verticalnet link shall mean a link that contain a verticalnet mark and will take user of other site to a page of pulp and paper onlin . 1.36. verticalnet mark shall mean ani trademark , servic mark , trade name , domain name , design or logo of verticalnet . 2. co-brand career center and co-brand equip list 2.1. no later than seven day after the effect date , verticalnet shall , at verticalnet 's sole cost and expens , design , develop and implement the co-brand site with the overal `` look and feel '' agre upon by verticalnet and paperexchang , as shown in exhibit a. after the co-brand site are implement , verticalnet shall notifi paperexchang in write at least five day prior to make ani materi chang to a co-brand site , includ , without limit , a chang in the locat , size or placement of the paperexchang link . if paperexchang doe not notifi verticalnet of it reject of such chang within five day , paperexchang shall be deem to have approv such chang . verticalnet shall design , host and maintain the co-brand site at it sole cost and expens . within 30 day after the effect date , verticalnet and paperexchang shall agre upon the co-brand url . the parti shall regist the co-brand url reason promptli after the parti have agre upon them . 2.2. from time to time , paperexchang shall provid to verticalnet , at paperexchang 's sole cost and expens , relev content provid to it by third parti consist of ( a ) job list for inclus , at verticalnet 's reason busi discret and at verticalnet 's then current list rate , in the co-brand career center or on ani other verticalnet site except a site co-brand with a paperexchang competitor ( the `` paperexchang career content '' ) and ( b ) equip list for inclus , at verticalnet 's reason busi discret and at verticalnet 's then current list rate , in the co-brand equip list or on ani other verticalnet site except a site co-brand with a paperexchang competitor ( the `` paperexchang equip content '' , and togeth with the paperexchang career content , the `` paperexchang content '' ) . paperexchang shall not provid such paperexchang content to verticalnet until the third parti place the list ha agre to verticalnet 's then current term and condit , subject to final approv by verticalnet . paperexchang shall provid the paperexchang content in the form of the templat attach hereto as exhibit b and c. ani list place on the co-brand site ( or other verticalnet site as permit in thi section 2.2 [ co-brand career center and co-brand ... ] ) by a user that enter the co-brand site or permit verticalnet site , as applic , from a paperexchang site or from a link to pulp and paper onlin jointli place by verticalnet and paperexchang , or place sole by paperexchang , on a third parti 's site shall be treat as `` paperexchang content '' for all purpos of thi agreement . verticalnet shall be respons for , and shall have sole control of , all credit , bill and collect in connect with the paperexchang content . paperexchang shall have no author to make collect on behalf of verticalnet . 2.3. paperexchang herebi grant verticalnet an exclus licens to use , modifi , enhanc , reproduc , display , perform and transmit the paperexchang content , subject to and in accord with the term , condit and provis of thi agreement . verticalnet shall not disclos , transfer or otherwis provid the paperexchang content to ani third parti , includ , but not limit to , ani paperexchang competitor , except as otherwis permit under thi agreement . 2.4. paperexchang shall , at paperexchang 's sole cost and expens , place link on the paperexchang home page label `` career center '' and `` equip list '' ( or mutual agreeabl substitut for such term ) in a mutual agreeabl locat and size that will directli transfer user to the co-brand site . 2.5. verticalnet , in it reason busi discret , shall market the co-brand site on pulp and paper onlin , at pulp and paper industri trade show , in it print advertis campaign and through it sale forc . such market activ shall be at verticalnet 's sole cost and expens . 2.6. paperexchang , in it reason busi discret , shall market the co-brand site on the paperexchang home page , at pulp and paper industri trade show , in it print advertis campaign and through it sale forc . sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 such market activ shall be at paperexchang 's sole cost and expens . 2.7. verticalnet will provid , instal , repair , maintain and pay for the commun , comput and peripher equip , servic and facil support the co-brand site . verticalnet shall maintain the co-brand site in a high qualiti and profession manner consist with it mainten of other verticalnet site . verticalnet and paperexchang shall be respons for the sale of all advertis on the co-brand sites; provid , howev , that neither parti shall sell advertis on the co-brand site to a competitor ( as defin in 1.16 and 1.25 ) and provid that each parti shall submit ani propos advertis for the co-brand site to the other parti for it prior written approv , such approv not to be unreason withheld , delay or condit . 2.8. verticalnet shall be sole respons for the develop , oper and mainten of pulp and paper onlin and for all materi that appear on pulp and paper onlin , except for the paperexchang content . 2.9. paperexchang shall be sole respons for the develop , oper and mainten of the paperexchang site and for all materi that appear on the paperexchang site , except for the verticalnet content and the verticalnet archiv content . 3. verticalnet content 3.1. verticalnet shall provid or make avail to paperexchang , for use in accord with the provis of thi agreement , ( a ) the full text of all origin content ( headlin , featur articl , column and case studi ) creat from time to time by the manag editor of pulp and paper onlin , and ( b ) the content creat from time to time by guest columnist for pulp and paper onlin , to the extent such columnist have approv the provis of such content by verticalnet to paperexchang . verticalnet shall provid such content ( the '' verticalnet content '' ) to paperexchang twice per week , in two `` batch '' of the verticalnet content creat or acquir sinc the last provis of verticalnet content by verticalnet to paperexchang . 3.2. verticalnet herebi grant to paperexchang a non-exclus , non-transfer licens to use , reproduc , display and transmit the verticalnet content , sole in connect with the develop , mainten and oper of the paperexchang site , subject to and in accord with the term , condit and provis of thi agreement . paperexchang may reproduc , display and transmit ani verticalnet content for up to three week on the paperexchang site , and after the expir of such three week period paperexchang shall ceas to reproduc , display and transmit such verticalnet content and remov such verticalnet content from the paperexchang site . 3.3. paperexchang shall place a verticalnet link in a mutual agreeabl locat and size on each page of the paperexchang site that contain all or a portion of the verticalnet content . 3.4. paperexchang shall list on a mutual accept page of the paperexchang site headlin and abstract of the verticalnet content then reproduc , display and transmit on the paperexchang site . paperexchang shall place two verticalnet link in mutual agreeabl locat and size on such page of the paperexchang site , the first of which will take user to the buyer 's guid on pulp and paper onlin , and the second of which will take user to the profession e-bookstor on pulp and paper onlin . verticalnet and paperexchang shall mutual agre upon the method of implement such link . 3.5. paperexchang shall not remov ani titl or ani trademark , copyright or patent notic , or ani proprietari or restrict right notic that appear on the verticalnet content and/or the verticalnet archiv content . all such titl and notic must be reproduc on all permit copi of the verticalnet content and/or the verticalnet archiv content . 3.6. dure the term , verticalnet will not disclos , transfer or otherwis provid the verticalnet content and/or the verticalnet archiv content to ani paperexchang competitor . 4. advertis 4.1. advertis on the paperexchang site . 4.1.1. dure the term , verticalnet shall have the exclus right to arrang for the sale of of the third parti advertis inventori ( which shall consist of a minimum of one advertis per page on each of the `` co-brand equip , '' `` co-brand career , '' `` resourc '' and '' home page '' section or successor , replac or substitut section ) of the paperexchang site and shall be consist with the amount of advertis on other busi to busi vertic site on the paperexchang site ( the '' third parti advertis alloc '' ) . paperexchang shall retain the right to place advertis for it own account on the remain of the third parti advertis allocation; provid , howev , that if ani portion of such third parti advertis alloc remain unsold 45 day after it becom avail for advertis , verticalnet shall have the exclus right to arrang for third parti advertis on such unsold third parti advertis alloc . 4.1.2. verticalnet will use reason effort to sell advertis on the paperexchang site . the advertis polici ( includ rate and procedur ) applic to verticalnet 's sale of advertis for the paperexchang site will be mutual agre upon by verticalnet and paperexchang ( the `` paperexchang advertis polici '' ) . ani chang to the agre upon paperexchang advertis polici shall be mutual agre upon by the parti . confidenti treatment request : materi ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . 4.1.3. verticalnet shall provid notic to the director of onlin market of paperexchang of each advertis that agre to place an advertis on a paperexchang site on the term and condit contain in the then current paperexchang advertis polici . paperexchang shall then have three busi day after receipt of such notic to ( a ) accept or reject such advertis , in it reason busi discret , and ( b ) notifi verticalnet of it decis . if , at the end of such three-day period , paperexchang ha not respond to such notic , paperexchang shall be deem to have accept such advertis . paperexchang shall then work with the advertis to facilit the placement of the advertis and maintain such advertis on the agreed-upon page of the paperexchang site . paperexchang shall have the right to termin it agreement with ani such advertis in it reason busi discret . to the extent an advertis of equival size and locat appear on both pulp and paper onlin and the paperexchang site , the parti shall mutual agre upon the cpm , cpc or other use-bas advertis rate , which rate shall be ident for such advertis . paperexchang shall be respons for , and shall have sole control of , all credit , bill and collect with the advertis on the paperexchang site . verticalnet shall have no author to make collect on behalf of paperexchang . sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 4.2. sale lead . paperexchang will , in it sole discret , request that it board of director and veteran industri sale forc use reason effort to provid pulp and paper industri specif sale strategi and specif sale lead to verticalnet . such strategi and lead shall includ segment of the industri that are current lack effect advertis solut , and how such industri particip could be market to by verticalnet for the purpos of thi section 4. verticalnet may onli use the inform provid to them pursuant to thi section 4.2 [ sale lead ] in connect with it perform under thi section 4 . 4.3. non-competit . 4.3.1. dure the term , verticalnet shall not ( a ) act as an advertis agent or repres for ani paperexchang competitor and ( b ) place ani advertis on pulp and paper onlin from ani paperexchang competitor . 4.3.2. dure the term , paperexchang shall not place ani advertis on the paperexchang site from ani pulp and paper onlin competitor . 5. co-market activ 5.1. trade show and convent . 5.1.1. dure the term , paperexchang shall use commerci reason effort to expand it presenc at major nation and intern pulp and paper industri trade show and convent , includ booth exhibit , attend by industri veteran sale forc from all the major paper grade and industri panel sponsorship , when avail . paperexchang , in it reason busi discret , shall activ engag in co-brand activ with verticalnet at paperexchang 's booth exhibit and shall maintain an open invit polici for verticalnet to send it own sale forc to co-loc , subject to section 5.1.3 [ trade show and convent ] , with paperexchang at it trade show booth . 5.1.2. verticalnet , in it reason busi discret , shall offer paperexchang exhibit booth space at pulp and paper industri trade show that verticalnet is unabl to use on the same term that verticalnet accept for such space . 5.1.3. when verticalnet and paperexchang are both attend pulp and paper industri trade show , verticalnet and paperexchang shall work togeth to share cost of such trade show and relat materi . 5.2. sale forc visit . paperexchang shall use commerci reason effort to ( a ) expand it sale forc presenc on a nation and intern basi , in all major paper grade and ( b ) commit it sale forc to promot pulp and paper onlin through `` on-the-ground '' activ includ site visit to mill , convert , printer and broker . 5.3. advertis campaign . 5.3.1. paperexchang shall , in it reason busi discret , promot the paperexchang site through print medium . 5.3.2. verticalnet shall , in it reason busi discret , promot pulp and paper onlin through print medium . 5.3.3. verticalnet and paperexchang shall co-promot the paperexchang home page and pulp and paper onlin in mutual agreeabl advertis and collater market materi . all co-promot advertis materi produc by or on behalf of either parti ( the `` origin parti '' ) shall be subject to the written approv of the other parti ( the `` receiv parti '' ) , which approv shall not to be unreason withheld , delay or condit . the receiv parti shall notifi the origin parti of it approv or disapprov of such advertis materi as soon as practic , but in ani event within five busi day after receiv parti 's receipt thereof . ani failur of the receiv parti to respond within such five busi day period shall be deem disapprov of the advertis materi in question . 5.4. pulp and paper onlin promot . paperexchang shall place the verticalnet link in a mutual agreeabl locat and size on the paperexchang site as soon as practic and in no event more than 15 day after the effect date . the verticalnet link shall remain on the paperexchang site dure the term . 5.5. paperexchang home page promot . verticalnet shall place the paperexchang link on pulp and paper onlin in a mutual agreeabl locat and size as soon as practic and in no event more than 15 day after the effect date . the paperexchang link shall remain on pulp and paper onlin dure the term . 5.6. newslett . verticalnet shall includ a paperexchang link in a mutual agreeabl locat and size in the pulp and paper onlin weekli onlin newslett sent to verticalnet 's newslett databas . 5.7. discuss group . verticalnet , in it reason busi discret , shall provid to paperexchang co-sponsorship opportun for discuss group and usenet forum . 5.8. non-competit . 5.8.1. dure the term and for a period of four year after the termin of thi agreement , verticalnet shall not , directli or indirectli , by itself , through it affili or through ani type of joint ventur or similar affili with a third parti , without prior written approv from paperexchang , buy , sell or trade ( a ) paper pulp product through exchang , auction , or revers auction or ani other e-commerc medium , ( b ) paper ( other than finish paper-bas product , includ , but not limit to , book , stamp and label ) and copi paper ( i ) through exchang , auction or revers auction or ( ii ) in quantiti greater than one ton through ani e-commerc medium , ( c ) raw materi use to make paper packag , includ , but not limit to , linerboard , medium , other containerboard grade and corrug sheet through exchang , auction , revers auction or ani other e-commerc medium , or ( d ) paper roll and reel weigh more than 50 pound use by printer through exchang , auction , revers auction or ani other e-commerc medium; provid , howev , that thi section 5.8.1 [ non-competit ] shall not appli to advertis , storefront or similar featur on verticalnet 's site . 5.8.2. dure the term , verticalnet will not , directli or indirectli , design , host , oper , maintain or otherwis particip in a co-brand career center or a co-brand equip list site with a paperexchang competitor or licens a verticalnet link for use or display on ani paperexchang competitor 's site . sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 5.8.3. dure the term , paperexchang will not , directli or indirectli , design , host , oper , maintain or otherwis particip in a co-brand career center or a co-brand equip list site with a pulp and paper onlin competitor or licens a paperexchang link for use or display on ani pulp and paper onlin competitor 's site . 5.9. exchang . 5.9.1. paperexchang shall provid to verticalnet an id and a password that will allow verticalnet to access the `` exchang '' portion of the paperexchang site . paperexchang shall provid reason train to verticalnet with respect to the creation , oper and market of such an exchang . 5.9.2. paperexchang will place a verticalnet link in a mutual agreeabl locat and size on the `` exchang '' portion of the paperexchang site . 5.10. alloc of resourc . dure the term , each of paperexchang and verticalnet agre to dedic reason financi , market and staf resourc in order to activ promot the activ contempl by thi agreement and will use reason effort to maintain the strateg allianc describ in thi agreement ( and it focu on the pulp , paper and packag industri gener ) as a high prioriti . 6. intellectu properti 6.1. except as set forth in section 4.3.1 [ non-competit ] and 5.8 [ non-competit ] , noth in thi agreement shall be constru as prevent verticalnet from implement verticalnet link on ani other site . 6.2. except as set forth in section 4.3 [ non-competit ] or 5.8.3 [ non-competit ] , noth in thi agreement shall be constru as prevent paperexchang from implement paperexchang link on ani other site . 6.3. verticalnet herebi grant to paperexchang a non-exclus , non-transfer , royalty-fre , right and licens to link to pulp and paper onlin through a verticalnet link . verticalnet shall furnish paperexchang with a full color represent of each verticalnet link at least two day prior to it schedul placement on a page of the paperexchang site . if verticalnet subsequ modifi ani verticalnet link or the url associ with such verticalnet link , it shall furnish a represent of same to paperexchang , which paperexchang shall substitut for the prior version within two day after receipt thereof . verticalnet shall have final approv over all verticalnet link on the paperexchang site . 6.4. paperexchang herebi grant verticalnet a non-exclus , non-transfer , royalty-fre , right and licens to link to the paperexchang site through a paperexchang link . paperexchang shall furnish verticalnet with a full color represent of each paperexchang link at least two day prior to it schedul placement on pulp and paper onlin . if paperexchang subsequ modifi ani paperexchang link or the url associ with such paperexchang link , it shall furnish a represent of same to verticalnet , which verticalnet shall substitut for the prior version within two day after receipt thereof . paperexchang shall have final approv over all paperexchang link on pulp and paper onlin . 6.5. except for the express right grant to paperexchang under thi agreement , paperexchang acknowledg and agre that the intellectu properti of verticalnet is and shall remain the sole properti of verticalnet and noth in thi agreement shall confer in paperexchang ani right of ownership or licens right in verticalnet 's intellectu properti . in addit , paperexchang shall not now or in the futur contest the valid of verticalnet 's intellectu properti . 6.6. except for the express right grant to verticalnet under thi agreement , verticalnet acknowledg and agre that the intellectu properti of paperexchang is and shall remain the sole properti of paperexchang and noth in thi agreement shall confer in verticalnet ani right of ownership or licens right in paperexchang 's intellectu properti . in addit , verticalnet shall not now or in the futur contest the valid of paperexchang 's intellectu properti . 6.7. paperexchang agre to use the verticalnet mark in accord with the term of thi agreement and with good trademark practic includ , but not limit to , protect the valu of the goodwil resid in such intellectu properti . 6.8. verticalnet agre to use the paperexchang mark in accord with the term of thi agreement and with good trademark practic includ , but not limit to , protect the valu of the goodwil resid in such intellectu properti . 6.9. except as set forth in section 4.3 [ non-competit ] and 5.8 [ non-competit ] , noth in thi agreement shall be constru as prevent either parti from develop other co-brand version of it materi , data , inform and content . 7. commerci term 7.1. co-brand site . 7.1.1. co-brand career center . verticalnet will pay paperexchang of the career center net revenu . . `` career center net revenu '' shall mean the ( a ) list fee relat to the co-brand career center and ani other verticalnet site on which the list are post , ( b ) co-brand career center e-commerc revenu and ( c ) other co-brand career center revenu , in each case under the preced claus ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) , to the extent deriv dure the term from paperexchang or the paperexchang content provid to verticalnet by paperexchang pursuant to thi agreement , or as otherwis mutual agre upon by the parti , less ( i ) credit for claim , allow , retroact price reduct or return good , and ( ii ) sale , excis , use , value-ad and other similar tax ( exclud incom tax ) actual paid . 7.1.2. co-brand equip list . verticalnet will pay paperexchang of the equip list net revenu . `` equip list net revenu '' shall mean the ( a ) list fee relat to co-brand equip list and ani other verticalnet site on which the list are post , ( b ) co-brand equip list e-commerc revenu and ( c ) other co-brand equip list revenu , in each case under the preced claus ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) , to the extent deriv dure the term from paperexchang or the paperexchang content provid to verticalnet by paperexchang pursuant to thi agreement , or as otherwis mutual agre upon by the parti , less ( i ) credit for claim , allow , retroact price reduct or return good , and ( ii ) sale , excis , use , value-ad and other similar tax ( exclud incom tax ) actual paid . 7.1.3. review of payment . verticalnet and paperexchang will conduct a good faith review of the payment gener under section 7.1.1 [ co-brand career center ] and sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 7.1.2 [ co-brand equip list ] no later than six month after the effect date and may mutual agre , subject to section 13.6 [ amend or modif ] , to amend section 7.1.1 [ co-brand career center ] and/or 7.1.2 [ co-brand equip list ] at that time . if verticalnet and paperexchang are unabl to reason agre on whether or how to amend section 7.1.2 [ co-brand equip list ] , either parti shall have the right to immedi termin the right and oblig of the parti under section 2 and 7.1.2 [ co-brand equip list ] with respect to the co-brand equip list and paperexchang equip content; provid , howev , that all other right and oblig under thi agreement ( includ the right and oblig of the parti under section 4.3 [ non-competit ] and 5.8 [ non-competit ] ) shall continu in full forc and effect unless and until termin in accord with section 8. the parti understand and agre that termin of the right and oblig of the parti under section 2 and 7.1.2 [ co-brand equip list ] in accord with thi section 7.1.3 [ review of payment ] shall not permit either parti to termin thi agreement pursuant to section 8.2 [ termin for caus ] . 7.1.4. profession e-bookstor sale . verticalnet will pay paperexchang of the gross sale of the profession e-bookstor on pulp and paper onlin that origin from the paperexchang site . 7.2. advertis revenu . 7.2.1. dure the term , verticalnet shall not share ani revenu deriv from advertis host on pulp and paper onlin or ani other verticalnet site with paperexchange; provid , howev , that if paperexchang bring verticalnet a qualifi lead confidenti treatment request : materi ha been omit and file separ with the commiss ( as defin below ) for a new custom that turn into a sale of advertis on pulp and paper . onlin or packag onlin , includ , without limit , the co-brand site , verticalnet shall pay to paperexchang a commiss of of the net advertis revenu result from such sale of advertis , with the except that if such advertis is on the co-brand career center , verticalnet shall pay paperexchang a commiss of of the net advertis revenu result from such sale of advertis . as use in thi section 7.2.1 [ advertis revenu ] , a `` qualifi lead '' shall mean a custom refer to verticalnet by paperexchang that is not , at the time of referr , a custom of verticalnet , and which custom ha agre to place an advertis on pulp and paper onlin or packag onlin on the term and condit contain in verticalnet 's then current advertis polici . 7.2.2. paperexchang shall pay to verticalnet a commiss of of the net advertis revenu receiv dure the term for advertis locat on the third parti advertis alloc of the paperexchang site . 7.2.3. if paperexchang sell advertis to a third parti on the paperexchang site independ from verticalnet , paperexchang shall pay to verticalnet a commiss of of the net advertis revenu result from such advertis dure the term; provid , howev , that if paperexchang previous reject advertis by such parti when propos by verticalnet pursuant to section 4.1 [ advertis on the paperexchang site ] , or termin without caus a prior agreement with such third parti that had result from such a propos by verticalnet , then paperexchang shall pay of the net advertis revenu result from such advertis dure the term to verticalnet . paperexchang shall provid prompt notic to verticalnet of each advertis that ha agre with paperexchang to place an advertis on a page of the paperexchang site . 7.3. fee . in consider of verticalnet 's agreement to enter into an exclus and non-competit agreement herein , in conjunct with the other oblig under thi agreement , paperexchang shall make the follow payment to verticalnet upon the earlier of ( a ) decemb 31 , 1999 and ( b ) the receipt by paperexchang of an aggreg of in addit fund : 7.3.1. a one-tim , non-refund fee in consider of the execut of thi agreement; 7.3.2. a one-tim , non-refund fee in consider of the design , develop and implement of the co-brand career center as describ in section 2; and 7.3.3. in consider of the design , develop and implement of the co-brand equip list site as describ in section 2 . 7.4. revenu share . after paperexchang ha gener paperexchang revenu equal to , paperexchang shall pay an amount equal to of the paperexchang revenu to verticalnet; provid , howev , that if , in ani given calendar year , verticalnet receiv pursuant to thi section 7.4 [ revenu share ] , the percentag of paperexchang revenu that paperexchang shall pay to verticalnet for the remaind of such calendar year shall be reduc to ; and provid further , howev , that if , in ani given calendar year , verticalnet receiv confidenti treatment request : materi ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . in the aggreg pursuant to thi section 7.4 [ revenu share ] , the percentag of paperexchang revenu that paperexchang shall pay to verticalnet for the remaind of such calendar year shall be reduc to . 7.5. payment term . each parti shall provid the other parti with all amount due under thi agreement for the prior calendar quarter within 30 day after the end of each calendar quarter dure the term . each payment shall be accompani by a statement detail the amount of applic gross revenu receiv , the calcul of the amount due to the other parti and the amount of the payment accompani such statement . all payment due to either parti hereund shall be made in immedi avail u.s. fund , without set-off or counterclaim , free and clear of ( and without deduct for or gross up for , as applic ) , ani tax , duti , charg , withhold , restrict or condit of ani natur impos or levi by ani government tax or other author . 7.6. tax . all payment requir under thi agreement are exclus of feder , state , local and foreign tax , duti , tariff , levi and similar assess . when applic , such tax shall appear as separ item on a parti 's invoic or statement of the other parti . payment of such tax or charg shall be the respons of the parti whose oblig it is under thi agreement to make the payment in respect of which such tax are assess , exclud ani tax base upon the other parti 's net incom . in lieu thereof , a parti shall provid the other parti with a tax or levi exempt certif accept to the tax or levi author . 7.7. audit . dure the 18-month period follow the payment by one parti of ani amount due under thi agreement to the other parti , the parti receiv sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 payment ( the `` audit parti '' ) shall have the right to have an independ third parti ( the `` auditor '' ) audit the financi record of the other parti ( the '' audit parti '' ) relat to such payment to verifi the accuraci of the audit parti 's financi record in order to verifi the amount of the payment owe and/or paid . the audit parti may caus the auditor to perform such an audit not more than onc in ani 12-month period , unless a prior audit within the past two year reveal that the amount owe by the audit parti to the audit parti wa underpaid in excess of 5 of the amount owe , in which case an audit may be perform no more frequent than onc in ani three month period . if the amount owe by the audit parti to the audit parti wa underpaid , the audit parti shall pay the addit amount owe and all accru interest thereon to the audit parti within 15 day of notic of such underpay to the audit parti . if the amount owe by ' the audit parti to the audit parti wa underpaid in excess of 10 of the amount owe , the fee of such audit shall also be paid to the audit parti within 15 day of notic of such to the audit parti . if the amount owe by the audit parti to the audit parti wa overpaid , the audit parti shall return the excess amount paid to the audit parti within 15 day of notic of such underpay to the audit parti . the audit parti shall give reason advanc written notic to the audit parti , and each audit shall be conduct dure normal busi hour and in a manner that doe not caus unreason disrupt to the conduct of busi by the audit parti . 7.8. interest . all payment not paid by the date such payment are due shall bear interest from the due date to the date payment are actual paid at the rate of the lower of ( a ) 1 per month or ( b ) the maximum rate permit by law . confidenti treatment request : materi ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . 8. term and termin 8.1. automat renew . thi agreement will automat renew at the end of the initi term or a subsequ renew term on a year to year basi ( each , a `` renew term '' ) , unless either parti notifi the other at least 30 day prior to the end of the initi term or then current renew term , as applic , of it intent not to renew thi agreement . 8.2. termin for caus . either parti may termin thi agreement immedi upon written notic to the other parti in the event ani materi breach of a materi term of thi agreement by such other parti that remain uncur 30 day in the case of a breach of a payment oblig , or 45 day for all other breach , after notic of such breach wa receiv by such other party; provid , howev that if such breach is not reason capabl of cure within the applic cure period , the breach parti shall have an addit 180 day to cure such breach so long as the cure is commenc within the applic cure period and thereaft is dilig prosecut to complet as soon as possibl . 8.3. upon termin . upon termin of thi agreement , ( a ) each parti 's liabil for ani charg , payment or expens due to the other parti that accru prior to the date of termin shall not be extinguish by termin , and such amount ( if not otherwis due on an earlier date ) shall be immedi due and payabl on the termin date; ( b ) verticalnet shall be respons for all charg , payment or expens incur by it in connect with the remov of the paperexchang link from co-brand site and the modif of the co-brand site , includ , but not limit to , the remov of paperexchang content; ( c ) paperexchang shall be respons for all charg , payment or expens incur by it in connect with the remov of the verticalnet link , verticalnet content and verticalnet archiv content from the paperexchang site; ( d ) all right of paperexchang to use , display , reproduc or publish the verticalnet mark shall immedi ceas . ( e ) all right of paperexchang to use , reproduc , display and transmit the verticalnet content and verticalnet archiv content shall immedi ceas and paperexchang shall destroy all copi of such content , ( f ) all right of verticalnet to use , display , reproduc or publish the paperexchang mark shall immedi ceas , ( g ) all right of verticalnet to use , creat deriv work of , reproduc , display , perform and transmit the paperexchang content shall immedi ceas and verticalnet shall , at paperexchang 's cost , return one copi of the paperexchang content display on the co-brand site to paperexchang in electron format and destroy all other copi of such content , ( h ) all right of verticalnet to arrang for the sale of advertis on the third parti advertis alloc on the paperexchang site shall immedi ceas , ( i ) verticalnet shall retain ownership of the url at which the co-brand site are locat , ( i ) the co-brand url shall be own by the parti that offer to pay the highest amount to the other for the ownership of such url upon payment of such amount to the other parti ( k ) if the agreement is termin dure the initi term by verticalnet pursuant to section 8.2 [ termin for caus ] , ( x ) verticalnet shall be releas from it oblig under section 5.8.1 [ non-competit ] and ( y ) paperexchang 's oblig under section 7.2 [ advertis revenu ] and 7.4 [ revenu share ] shall be extend for one year after the date of such termin , and ( i ) if the agreement is termin dure the initi term by paperexchang pursuant to section 8.2 [ termin for caus ] , verticalnet shall pay to paperexchang , as liquid damag , an amount equal to the product determin by multipli ( 1 ) a fraction , the numer of which shall be the number of day between the effect date of termin and the schedul expir date of the initi term , and the denomin of which shall be the number of day between the effect date and the schedul expir date of the initi term , by ( 2 ) 9. disput resolut 9.1. negoti and escal . if ani controversi or claim aris relat to thi agreement , the parti will attempt in good faith to negoti a solut to their differ , includ progress escal ani controversi or claim through senior level of manag . if negoti doe not result in a resolut within 30 day of when one parti first notifi the other of the controversi or claim , either parti may resort to arbitr under section 9.2 [ arbitr ] . 9.2. arbitr . ani controversi or claim between the parti concern ani breach or alleg breach of thi agreement or perform or nonperform of ani oblig under thi agreement which can not be resolv by negoti will be resolv by bind arbitr under thi section 9.2 [ arbitr ] and the then-curr commerci rule and supervis of the american arbitr associ ( the `` aaa '' ) . if ani part of thi section 9.2 [ arbitr ] is held to be unenforc , it will be sever and will not affect either the duti to arbitr or ani other part of thi section 9.2 [ arbitr ] . the arbitr will be held in new york , new york , befor a sole disinterest arbitr who is knowledg in busi inform and the internet and experienc in handl commerci disput . the arbitr shall be appoint jointli by the parti hereto within 30 day follow the date on which the arbitr is institut . if the parti are unabl to agre upon the arbitr within such 30-day period , the aaa shall be instruct to select such arbitr within 15 day thereaft . the arbitr 's award will be final and bind and may be enter in ani court sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 have jurisdict . the arbitr will not have the power to award punit or exemplari damag , or ani damag exclud by , or in excess of , ani damag limit express in thi agreement . issu of arbitr will be determin in accord sole with the feder substant and procedur law relat to arbitration; in all other respect , the arbitr will be oblig to appli and follow the substant law of the commonwealth of pennsylvania . 9.3. equit relief . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , in the event of an alleg violat of articl 10 [ confidenti ] of thi agreement by either parti , the parti alleg such a violat may seek temporari injunct or other appropri equit relief from ani court of compet jurisdict pend appoint of an arbitr . the parti request such relief shall simultan file a demand for arbitr of the disput , and shall request that the american arbitr associ proceed under it rule for an expedit hear . 9.4. cost . unless the arbitr , if ani , determin otherwis , each parti will bear it own attorney ' fee and other cost associ with the negoti and arbitr provid for by thi articl 9 [ disput resolut ] , except that cost and expens of the arbitr shall be share equal . if court proceed to stay litig or compel arbitr are necessari , the parti who unsuccess oppos such proceed will pay all associ cost , expens and attorney ' fee that are reason incur by the other parti . confidenti treatment request : materi ha been omit and file separ with the commiss . 9.5. two year limit . except for claim under section 12.4 [ indemnif by paperexchang ] and 12.5 [ indemnif by verticalnet ] hereof , neither parti may bring a claim or action regardless of form , aris out of or relat to thi agreement , includ ani claim of fraud or misrepresent , more than two year after the caus of action accru or becom known , whichev is later . 9.6. confidenti . in order to facilit the resolut of controversi or claim between the parti with respect to each parti hereto , such controversi or claim , includ detail regard negoti , arbitr and settlement term , shall be treat as confidenti inform of the other parti hereto in accord with articl 10 [ confidenti ] . 9.7. remedi measur . in the event of ( a ) ani materi remedi breach of thi agreement by the other parti which remain uncur 30 day after notic of such breach ( other than a breach of a payment oblig ) wa receiv by the other parti or ( b ) ani materi breach which can not be cure , the non-breach parti may take reason remedi measur at the cost of the breach parti without prejudic and in addit to ani other right aris from such breach . in addit , the non-breach parti shall take reason step to mitig damag aris out of such breach . 10. confidenti 10.1. confidenti oblig . except as permit elsewher under thi agreement , each parti agre to take reason step ( as defin below ) ( a ) to receiv and maintain the confidenti inform of the other parti in confid , ( b ) not to disclos such confidenti inform to ani third parti and ( c ) to promptli notifi the disclos parti upon learn of ani law , rule , regul or court order that purport to compel disclosur of ani confidenti inform of the disclos parti and to reason cooper with the disclos parti in the exercis of the disclos parti 's right to protect the confidenti of such confidenti inform . neither parti hereto shall use all or ani part of the confidenti inform of the other parti for ani purpos other than to perform it oblig under thi agreement . the parti will take reason step ( as defin below ) to ensur that their employe , repres and agent compli with thi provis . as use herein , `` reason step '' mean at least the same degre of care that the receiv parti use to protect it own confidenti inform , and , in no event , no less than reason care . 10.2. exclus . noth contain herein shall prevent a parti from disclos confidenti inform pursuant to ani applic law , rule , regul or court order; provid , howev , that such parti compli with the notic provis of section 10.1 ( c ) [ confidenti oblig ] to the extent permiss under applic law , rule , regul or court order . such disclosur shall not alter the statu of such inform hereund for all other purpos as confidenti inform . 10.3. termin . subject to section 13.10 [ surviv ] , upon termin of thi agreement , all confidenti inform shall be return to the disclos parti or destroy unless otherwis specifi or permit elsewher under thi agreement . the confidenti oblig contain in thi articl 10 [ confidenti ] shall surviv termin of thi agreement for a period of three year . 10.4. injunct . each parti acknowledg and agre that the provis of thi articl 10 [ confidenti ] are reason and necessari to protect the other parti 's interest in it confidenti inform , that ani breach of the provis of thi articl 10 [ confidenti ] may result in irrepar harm to such other parti , and that the remedi at law for such breach may be inadequ . accordingli , in the event of ani breach or threaten breach of the provis of thi articl 10 [ confidenti ] by a parti hereto , the other parti , in addit to ani other relief avail to it at law , in equiti or otherwis , shall be entitl to seek temporari and perman injunct relief restrain the breach parti from engag in and/or continu ani conduct that would constitut a breach of thi articl 10 [ confidenti ] , without the necess of prove actual damag or post a bond or other secur . 10.5. public . except as may be requir by applic law , rule or regul ( includ those aris under ani secur law ) , neither parti will origin ani public , news releas or other public announc , written or oral , whether to the public press or otherwis , concern the relationship between the parti or the transact describ in thi agreement without the prior written consent of the other parti , which consent shall not be unreason withheld or delay . in the event disclosur is requir by applic law , rule or regul , then the parti requir to so disclos such inform shall , to the extent possibl , provid to the other parti for it approv ( such approv not to be unreason withheld ) a written copi of such public announc at least five busi day prior to disclosur . notwithstand the forego , either parti shall have the right to make a press releas with respect to it enter into thi agreement; provid that such parti provid to the other parti a copi of the propos press releas no less than five busi day prior to it propos releas and that the content of such press releas shall be subject to the other parti 's consent , which consent shall not be unreason delay or withheld . 11. represent and warranti . each parti herebi repres , coven and warrant to the other parti that : 11.1. it ha the corpor power to enter into thi agreement and to grant sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 the right and licens grant herein and otherwis perform thi agreement; 11.2. it is not a parti to ani agreement or understand and know of no law or regul that would prohibit it from enter into and perform thi agreement or that would conflict with thi agreement; and 11.3. when execut and deliv by it , thi agreement will constitut a legal , valid and bind oblig of it , enforc against it in accord with thi agreement 's term . 12. disclaim of warranti , limit of liabil and indemnif . 12.1. disclaim of warranti . except as express set forth in thi agreement , verticalnet herebi disclaim all warranti , express , impli or statutori , with respect to ani and all verticalnet deliver , includ but not limit to ani impli warranti of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , titl and non-infring . 12.2. disclaim of warranti . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , paperexchang herebi disclaim all warranti , express , impli or statutori , with respect to ani and all paperexchang deliver , includ but not limit to ani impli warranti of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , titl and non-infring . 12.3. limit of liabil . except in connect with a breach by either parti of articl 10 , the indemnif oblig of paperexchang under section 12.4 ( c ) [ indemnif by paperexchang ] and the indemnif oblig of verticalnet under section 12.5 ( c ) [ indemnif by verticalnet ] , neither parti will be liabl for ani special , indirect , consequenti , exemplari or incident damag aris out of or relat to thi agreement , howev caus and under ani theori of liabil ( includ neglig ) , even if such parti ha been advis of the possibl of such damag . except in connect with a breach by either parti of articl 10 , the indemnif oblig of paperexchang under section 12.4 ( c ) [ indemnif by paperexchang ] and the indemnif oblig of verticalnet under section 12.5 ( c ) [ indemnif by verticalnet ] , each parti 's liabil for damag hereund shall not exceed 1,000,000 . 12.4. indemnif by paperexchang . paperexchang shall indemnifi and hold harmless verticalnet and it offic , director , employe and agent from and against ani and all loss , claim , damag , liabil , oblig , penalti , judgment , award , cost , expens and disburs , includ without limit , the cost , expens and disburs , as and when incur , of investig , prepar or defend ani action , suit , proceed or investig assert by a third parti , caus by , relat to , base upon , aris out of or in connect with ( a ) ani breach by paperexchang of the represent , warranti or agreement made by it under thi agreement , ( b ) neglig , reckless or intent misconduct on the part of paperexchang or it offic , director , employe , agent or consult , ( c ) ani claim that the paperexchang content infring or misappropri ani intellectu properti right or ani other right of ani third parti or ( d ) the promot , advertis or market of the verticalnet content or verticalnet archiv content by or on behalf of paperexchang . 12.5. indemnif by verticalnet . verticalnet shall indemnifi and hold harmless paperexchang and it offic , director , employe and agent from and against ani and all loss , claim , damag , liabil , oblig , penalti , judgment , award , cost , expens and disburs , includ without limit , the cost , expens and disburs , as and when incur , of investig , prepar or defend ani action , suit , proceed or investig assert by a third parti , caus by , relat to , base upon , aris out of or in connect with ( a ) ani breach by verticalnet of the represent , warranti or agreement made by it under thi agreement , ( b ) neglig , reckless or intent misconduct on the part of verticalnet or it offic , director , employe , agent or consult , ( c ) ani claim that the verticalnet content infring or misappropri ani intellectu properti right or ani other right of ani third party; or ( d ) the promot , advertis or market of the paperexchang content by or on behalf of verticalnet . 12.6. each person seek to be reimburs , indemnifi , defend and/or held harmless under section 12.4 [ indemnif by paperexchang ] or 12.5 [ indemnif by verticalnet ] ( each , an `` indemnite '' ) shall ( a ) provid the parti oblig to indemnifi such indemnite with prompt written notic of ani claim , suit , demand or other action for which such indemnite seek to be reimburs , indemnifi , defend or held harmless ( each , a '' claim '' ) , which notic shall includ a reason identif of the alleg fact give rise to such claim; ( b ) grant such parti reason author and control over the defens and settlement of ani such claim; and ( c ) reason cooper with such parti and it agent in defens of ani such claim . each indemnite shall have the right to particip in the defens of ani claim for which such indemnite seek to be reimburs , indemnifi , defend or held harmless , by use attorney of such indemnite 's choic , at such indemnite 's expens . ani settlement of a claim for which ani indemnite seek to be reimburs , indemnifi , defend or held harmless under thi articl shall be subject to the prior written approv of such indemnite , such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . 12.7. essenti part of bargain . the parti acknowledg that the disclaim and limit set forth in thi articl 12 [ disclaim of warranti , limit of li ... ] are an essenti element of thi agreement between the parti and that the parti would not have enter into thi agreement without such disclaim and limit . 13. miscellan 13.1. govern law . thi agreement shall be govern by and interpret under the law of the commonwealth of pennsylvania without regard to it conflict of law provis . subject to the provis of section 9 , both parti consent and submit to the exclus person jurisdict of the unit state and the state court of the commonwealth of pennsylvania in and for horsham , pa. 13.2. no assign . except as otherwis set forth herein , neither parti shall transfer , assign or cede ani right or deleg ani oblig hereund , in whole or in part , whether voluntarili or by oper of law , without the prior written consent of the other parti , which consent may be withheld at the other parti 's reason busi discretion; provid , howev , that either parti may transfer thi agreement without prior written consent of the other parti to an affili or in connect with a merger or sale of all or substanti all of the stock or asset of such parti . 13.3. good faith . the parti undertak to display to each other the utmost good faith , consist with their respect right and oblig set forth in thi agreement . 13.4. independ contractor . in connect with thi agreement , each parti is an independ contractor . thi agreement doe not , and shall not be constru to , creat an employer-employe , agenc , joint ventur or partnership relationship between the parti . neither parti shall have ani author to act for or to bind the other parti in ani way , to alter ani of the term or sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 condit of ani of the other parti 's standard form of invoic , sale agreement , warranti or otherwis , or to warrant or to execut agreement on behalf of the other or to repres that it is in ani way respons for the act , debt , liabil or omiss of the other parti . 13.5. notic . all notic , report , payment and other commun requir or permit to be given under thi agreement ( each , a `` notic '' ) shall be in write and shall be given either by person deliveri against a sign receipt , by express deliveri use a nation recogn overnight courier , or by facsimil . all notic shall be properli address as follow , or to such other address as may be specifi in a notic given hereund : if to verticalnet : with a copi to : attn : gener counsel michael j. hagan verticalnet , inc. verticalnet , inc. 700 dresher road , suit 100 700 dresher road , suit 100 horsham , pennsylvania 19044 horsham , pennsylvania 19044 fax no . : ( 215 ) 443-3336 fax no . : ( 215 ) 443-3336 if to paperexchang : with a copi to : attn : chief execut offic attn : jonathan k. bernstein paperexchange.com , llc bingham dana llp 545 boylston street , 8th floor 150 feder street boston , ma 02116 boston , ma 02110 fax no . : ( 617 ) 536-4097 fax no . : ( 617 ) 951-8736 a notic shall be deem to be effect upon person deliveri or , if sent via overnight deliveri , upon receipt thereof . a notic sent via facsimil is deem effect on the same day ( or if such day is not a busi day , then on the next succeed busi day ) if such facsimil is sent befor 3:00 p.m. philadelphia time and on the next day ( or if such day is not a busi day , then on the next succeed busi day ) if such notic is sent after 3:00 p.m. philadelphia time . 13.6. amend or modif . no subsequ amend , modif or waiver of ani of the provis of thi agreement shall be effect unless in write and sign by the parti . 13.7. entir agreement . thi agreement set out the entir agreement between the parti with respect to the subject matter of thi agreement and supersed all prior agreement , propos , arrang and commun , whether oral or written , with respect to the subject matter hereof , includ , but not limit to , the letter of intent between the parti date juli 23 , 1999 . 13.8. sever . if ani provis of thi agreement is held by a tribun of compet jurisdict to be illeg , invalid , or otherwis unenforc in ani jurisdict , then to the fullest extent permit by law ( a ) the same shall not effect the other term or provis of thi agreement , ( b ) such term or provis shall be deem modifi to the extent necessari in the tribun 's opinion to render such term or provis enforc , and the right and oblig of the parti shall be constru and enforc accordingli , preserv to the fullest extent the intent and agreement of the parti set forth herein and ( c ) such find of invalid , illeg or unenforc shall not affect the valid , legal or enforc of such term or provis in ani other jurisdict . 13.9. no waiver . failur to enforc ani term of thi agreement is not a waiver of futur enforc of that or ani other term . no term or provis of thi agreement will be deem waiv and no breach excus unless such waiver or excus is in write and sign by the parti against whom enforc of such waiver or excus is sought . 13.10. surviv . section 5.8.1 [ non-competit ] ( subject to section 8.3 ( k ) [ upon termin ] ) , 6.1-6.2 , 6.5 , 6.6 , 6.9 , 7.5-7.8 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 and 13 , ani payment oblig of the parti hereund accru prior to the date of termination; and ani other provis herein expressli surviv termin or necessari to interpret the right and oblig of the parti in connect with the termin of the term of thi agreement will surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement . 13.11. no third parti beneficiari . noth in thi agreement is intend to confer benefit , right or remedi unto ani person or entiti other than the parti and their permit successor and assign . 13.12. waiver of juri trial . each parti herebi irrevoc waiv all right a parti may have to a trial by juri in ani legal action or proceed aris out of or in connect with thi agreement or the transact contempl herebi . 13.13. titl . the head appear at the begin of the section contain in thi agreement have been insert for identif and refer purpos onli and shall not be use to determin the construct or interpret of thi agreement . the nomenclatur of the defin term in thi agreement shall onli be use for the construct of thi agreement , and are not to be use for ani other purpos , includ , but not limit to , interpret for account purpos . 13.14. forc majeur . neither parti shall be held to be in breach of thi agreement by reason of a forc majeur event , includ , but not limit to , act of god , delay in transport , fire , flood , earthquak , storm , war , act of a public enemi , civil commot or ani law , rule , regul , order or other action by ani public author or ani other matter reason beyond a parti 's control . to the extent failur to perform is caus by such a forc majeur event , such parti shall be excus from perform hereund so long as such event continu to prevent such perform , and provid the non-perform parti take all reason step to resum full perform . 13.15. complianc with law . each parti shall compli with all prevail law , rule and regul and obtain all necessari approv , consent and permit requir by the applic agenc of the govern of the jurisdict that appli to it activ or oblig under thi agreement . 13.16. execut in counterpart , facsimil . thi agreement may be execut in one or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin and all of which togeth shall constitut one and the same instrument . thi agreement shall becom bind when ani one or more counterpart hereof , individu or taken togeth , bear the signatur of both parti hereto . for the purpos hereof , a facsimil copi of thi agreement , includ sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 the signatur page hereto , shall be deem an origin . [ the remaind of thi page is intent left blank . ] in wit whereof , the parti to the agreement by their duli author repres have execut thi agreement as of the date first written abov . verticalnet , inc. paperexchange.com , llc by : /s/ [ illeg ] by : /s/ jason weiss -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- titl : bvi titl : ceo -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - verticalnet , inc. paperexchange.com , llc by : /s/ [ illeg ] by : /s/ rod a. parsley -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- titl : v.p . e-commerc product group titl : vice presid busi devel -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - exhibit a auction home of 2 [ graphic omit ] pulp and paper onlin paperexchange.com [ graphic omit ] regist free gift ... to first time buyer and seller on onlin auction search : buyer 's guid by product/servic [ graphic omit ] go ! home product career marketplac news/analysi commun resourc about us relat site auction home registr how to start buy my auction watch buyer 's toolkit buyer 's help addit industri sell seller 's toolkit seller 's help book , softwar , video shop also on thi site onlin homepag product center career center news & analysi commun resourc site inform relat site - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- click here highlight , product & more - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- powdex incorpor interflow expo oct. 27-28 , 1999 atlanta , ga cobb galleria centr - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- lab blast '99 lab equip at rock bottom price click here - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- [ graphic omit ] onlin auction purchas and liquid new and use product sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 find an item select a categori below , or use advanc search . x auction _ fix price analyt instrument view item welcom pulp & paper onlin and paperexchange.com have partner to becom the lead e-commerc solut for buy and sell new , surplu and use paper product and equip . sell an item : regist now as an onlin auction seller and sell an item here . find an item : begin use the auction by select a categori from the box abov or choos a featur or new item below . or click here for an advanc search custom auction featur buyer area seller area choos one ... go ! choos one ... go ! hot item are from all industri hot item are from all industri first time user : person your onlin auction experi and learn about our custom auction featur . featur item dynasti tool kit no . 9422 item : 500607 [ graphic omit ] dynasti tool kit no . 9422 . 120 tool . for the custom servic engin who carri a full array of tool and spare part dure extend air travel . mold of tough linear polyethylen . rib for extra strength and rigid . rug aluminum valanc . m price : 348 auction period : 5/11/99 - 6/10/99 techn thermal cycler 0.5ml 117v item : 500863 [ graphic omit ] techn gene e thermal cycler ( for 0.5 ml tube ) . suitabl for dna sequenc , gene manipul , dna hybrid , and other techniqu . use a refriger coolant for maxim cool effici ( cool rate up to 2.7 ( degre ) c per sec. ) . oper from 10 price : 1,000 auction period : 5/7/99 - 6/6/99 dynasti tool kit no . 9422 item : 500607 [ graphic omit ] dynasti tool kit no . 9422 . 120 tool . for the custom servic engin exhibit a ( 2 ) auction home of 2 [ graphic omit ] engin who carri a full array of tool and spare part dure extend air travel . mold of tough linear polyethylen . rib for extra strength and rigid . rug aluminum valanc . m price : 348 auction period : 5/11/99 - 6/10/99 leader lfc-944b level meter item : 500608 [ graphic omit ] leader lfc-944b level meter is a portabl battery-oper field level meter design for test and measur the perform of catv and matv system . it provid for measur level of -40 to +60 dbmv on vhf channel and -30 to +40 dbmv on uhf c price : 220 auction period : 5/11/99 - 6/10/99 find an item select a categori below , or use advanc search . x auction _ fix price analyt instrument view item send thi page to a friend share the knowledg see someth for a friend or associ ? you can forward thi page by just click here ! home help feedback advertis info verticalnet disclaim techsupport www.wateronline.com exhibit a ( 3 ) onlin jobscan of 2 [ graphic omit ] pulp and paper onlin paperexchange.com [ graphic omit ] shop & compar sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 for the best price on the web search : buyer 's guid by product/servic [ graphic omit ] go ! home product career marketplac news/analysi commun resourc about us relat site career center [ graphic omit ] onlin jobscan onlin jobscan job search post resum updat resum new job area employ spotlight career resourc salari survey recruit center also on thi site product center career center news & analysi commun resourc site inform relat site - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- click here highlight , product & more - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- powdex incorpor interflow expo oct. 27-28 , 1999 atlanta , ga cobb galleria centr - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- lab blast '99 lab equip at rock bottom price click here - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- [ graphic omit ] onlin jobscan [ graphic omit ] onlin jobcent job search post/upd resum employ spotlight use thi page to search for job open , and view the most recent open hous announc from busi within the industri job search pulp & paper onlin and paperexchange.com have combin resourc to provid you with the most comprehens sourc for career in the pulp and paper industri . search for a posit by make select from the below drop down menu . the more select you make the more fine tune the result . for the broadest result , use the menu default . multipl categori can be chosen within menu by hold down the `` shift '' key when make select . select keyword separ keyword use and , or , or ' a phrase in quot ' - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- type compani name ( full or partial ) - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- _ full time _ part time _ contract _ perman locat choos the state , region or countri to includ in your search state region all all alabama alaska/hawaii alaska mid-atlant - u.s. arizona north central - u.s. countri sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 unit state antigua and arbuda antarctica argentina posit all job type aerospac engin biolog scientist biologist jobscan sponsor - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- click here highlight , product & more - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- powdex incorpor interflow expo oct. 27-28 , 1999 atlanta , ga cobb galleria centr - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- lab blast '99 lab equip at rock bottom price click here - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- durlano pump embrac new valv technolog for greater effici ... chempro introduc new treatment for water purif ... exhibit a ( 4 ) onlin jobscan of 2 duti all job function academia choos one consult scan job reset open hous announc virtual compani tour in an effort to better inform the job seeker and satisfi the need for industri recruit of premium posit , water onlin provid onlin open hous . these page repres a virtual open hous for each of the particip compani that are activ seek new recruit . below is a list of the most recent open hous page . - - chromatographi ltd. santa monica ca - - mass spectral interpret austin tx - - contemporari wastewat and design phoenix az - - mass spectral incorpor chicago il - - activ carbon inc. bethesda md more ... send thi page to a friend share the knowledg see someth for a friend or associ ? you can forward thi page by just click here ! home help feedback advertis info verticalnet disclaim techsupport www.wateronline.com exhibit b career center request form pleas take the time to fill out thi form so that we may collect the inform need to process your career center request . pleas note that text of ani length may be type or past into the field below . bill inform ( will not be display onlin unless it is the same as employ inform , below . ) compani name : address : address 2 : citi : state : zip : countri : foreign address : phone : extens : fax : e-mail : websit address ( url ) : contact name : sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 employ inform ( pleas enter all inform as it should appear onlin . ) _ check here if same as abov . compani name : address : address 2 : citi : state : zip : countri : foreign address : phone : extens : fax : e-mail : divis name : number of employe : compani job websit ( url ) : contact person / depart : job code/requisit number : how do you wish to be contact ? _ e-mail _ fax _ phone _ regular mail job inform ( pleas enter all inform as it should appear onlin . ) job titl : job locat : citi : state : or us region : select region countri : type of posit : full time perman requir skill : brief job descript : salari rang : addit compens : full job descript : exhibit c a microsoft excel spreadsheet contain the follow column : - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - name categori mfg/brand model origin item price height weight - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - name catg flda fldb fldc fldd flde - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - start bid reserv price bid increment start date/tim durat item - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - minb rsrv incr strt day fld1 - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - default is 5.00 default is today default is 7 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- approx . age sku descript seller id imag locat - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- fld2 fldf desc sell imag - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - sale locat person capac - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - to be to be to be determin determin determin - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - thi page describ each of the field use in the excel spreadsheet for bulk upload . pleas put detail in the spreadsheet name bulk upload spreadsheet . it is veri import that you do not chang the field name or their order on the spreadsheet . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- name the titl by which you want the item call . i.e . sartoriu microbal . thi field is 60 charact long but more detail will fit in the descript section . the name need to be descript and distinct . there can not be two item with the same name . add a delin featur sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000 such as model number or size to the name . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- categori thi field requir a number not word . see the enclos list . if you do not find a categori that fit your product , pleas contact us . we can add categori . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- mfg/brand manufactur or brand name - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- model model number - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- origin item if known , thi can be an incent to buyer who then see price your lower price . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- height includ feet or inch . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- weight includ pound or ounc . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- quantiti thi field requir onli a number not each , case , etc . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- start bid thi is the amount at which the bid will start . it should be lower than your reserv price , if you set one . pleas use whole dollar . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- reserv price thi is the amount you wish to receiv for your product . if you set a reserv price , your item can not be sold for less than the reserv . pleas use whole dollar . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- bid increment 5 is the default , but feel free to chang thi to reflect your product 's price use whole dollar . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- start date/tim thi field must be fill out like the follow exampl : 04/08/99 15:00 ( mm/dd/yy 24 : mm ) a start time must be includ . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- durat the default for thi field is 7 day . the option are 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 21 , and 30 . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- item catalog number if the product came from a manufactur 's or distributor 's catalog - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- approx . age new , use , demo , recondit - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- sku each , box , case - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- descript thi field is onli 1250 charact long . use basic write format here . complet sentenc are desir rather than a list of featur . if you copi and past from an outsid sourc , pleas check to see that there are no tab or return in the paragraph . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- seller id thi is your six-digit id number you receiv when you regist . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- imag locat a pictur of your item is veri help in sell your item and will greatli enhanc it list appear . the pictur need to be in jpeg or gif format . you can send these on a separ disk or email if desir . pleas enclos a list delin which pictur goe with which item . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- locat where the equip is current located/resid . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- sale person for paperexchange.com intern track . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- capac specif inform about the equip i.e . `` x '' gallons/hr , `` y '' sheets/minut , etc . - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- indic requir field indic field with fieldnam to be determin and whose posit within the column is to be determin sourc : paperexchang com inc , s-1/a , 3/22/2000