exhibit 10.9 global music intern , inc. dba imntv content licens agreement thi content licens agreement ( “ agreement ” ) is between global music intern , inc. d/b/a independ music network ( imntv ) , locat at 20 old stagecoach road , red , connecticut , 06896 ( “ imntv ” ) , and distributor , as set forth below , and describ the term and condit under which distributor will distribut program provid by imntv as describ herein . distributor ’ s distribut of the program is subject to the master term of servic ( “ mt ” ) attach hereto as exhibit a. all capit term shall have the mean set forth on the mt . in consider for the mutual promis and coven contain herein , the parti agre as follow : distributor ’ s author signatur , is requir : a. distributor inform n/a provid name : mobilevis commun ltd. address : 100 ba li zhuang xi li , suit 907 , zhubang2000 plaza , east build , beij , china countri provinc : p.r.china web site www.looklook.cn tax id : n/a busi contact : name : mengdi xu phone : +86 135 010 37211 email : xumengdilooklook.cn market contact : name : baoq ( angel ) song phone : +86 13911178981 email : angelsonglooklook.cn technic contact : name : weili cheng phone : +86 13011813916 email : chengwlmobiledata.com.cn bill contact : name : ruoxian qi phone : +86 13161502302 email : ruoxianlooklook.cn bill address : ( if differ from abov ) custom servic contact : name : liang ( dean ) wang phone : +86 136 2131 5977 email : deanwanglooklook.cn notic contact : name : ruoxian qi phone : +86 13161502302 email : ruoxianlooklook.cn notic address : ( if differ from abov ) sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 b. term thi agreement is effect as of the last date sign below ( “ effect date ” ) . the initi term of thi agreement will begin on the effect date and end twelv ( 12 ) month after the launch ( the “ term ” ) . imntv will extend the agreement on the same term and condit for addit one-year term , provid distributor and imntv agre , predic on satisfactori perform by both parti in wit whereof , the parti have execut thi agreement by their duli author repres . distributor mobilevis commun ltd. by : name andrew zhang titl presid signatur /s/ andrew zhang date 13/07/05 global music intern , inc. d/b/a independ music network ( imntv ) by : name corinn fallacaro titl presid signatur /s/ corinn fallacaro date 13/07/05 sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 exhibit a global music intern , inc. dba imntv master term of servic 1. definit the follow capit term will have the mean set forth below : “ bundl ” mean , ani version of the mobil product that includ imntv content bundl with ani other product or servic . “ confidenti inform ” mean the confidenti or proprietari technic or busi inform of a parti , includ without limit ( a ) propos or research relat to possibl new product or services; ( b ) financi statement and other financi information; ( c ) report information; ( d ) the materi term of thi agreement and the relationship between the parties; and ( e ) plan launch date . all of the inform will be consid confidenti onli if it is conspicu design as “ confidenti , ” or if provid oral , identifi at the time of disclosur as confidenti . “ confidenti inform ” doe not includ inform that ( i ) is in or enter the public domain without breach of thi agreement , ( ii ) the receiv parti law receiv from a third parti without restrict on disclosur and without breach of a nondisclosur oblig , or ( iii ) the receiv parti knew prior to receiv such inform from the disclos parti or develop independ . “ content ” mean gener text , imag , video , audio , and other materi . “ fee ” mean subscript fee that includ imntv content .. “ internet protocol ” mean ani protocol use to rout data on the internet , or on ani portion of the internet , includ all version current in exist or develop or implement in the futur . “ land page ” mean the destin web page for a special link , creat and host by distributor , from where individu may begin the registr process for the subscript servic or a bundl , at such individu ’ s elect . “ launch ” mean the date that the program is made gener avail for purchas by consum under the term and condit of the agreement . “ program ” mean imntv ’ s content , as specif describ on section b ( 1 ) of the agreement . as use herein , “ program ” also includ ani promot and market content provid by provid for imntv ’ s promot and market activ as describ herein . “ program bundl fee ” mean the fee actual paid by a subscrib for a program bundl that includ imntv content provid in accord with thi agreement . “ distributor mark ” mean the trademark , servic mark , brand , logo and trade name of distributor . “ distributor portal ” mean , collect , the distributor ’ s site and ani other web site or properti from where distributor promot the program . “ distributor site ” mean distributor ’ s internet web site intend to promot the avail of ani distributor content , includ the program , via mobil and wireless networks. distributor site is more fulli describ in section a of the agreement . “ subscript fee ” mean the fee actual paid by a subscrib for the applic mobil content . “ subscrib ” mean ani individu who purchas mobil content program and : ( a ) who actual pay the applic subscript fee; and ( b ) doe not receiv a refund of such subscript fee for ani reason within thirti ( 30 ) day from the end of the payment period for which the subscript fee wa paid . a subscrib remain a “ subscrib ” for the purpos of thi agreement so long as such individu continu to pay the applic subscript fee . “ registr process ” mean the download , payment , instal , and electron registr process of the program , a bundl or the applic softwar . “ registr process ” may includ an onlin registr form sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 provid , host , and manag by distributor , and may also , at distributor ’ s discret , includ other method by which a subscrib may affirm request access to the program , a bundl , or the softwar . “ imntv mark ” mean the trademark , servic mark , brand , logo and trade name of imntv and/or global music intern . “ imntv portal ” mean the imntv site where imntv promot the program . “ imntv site ” mean the internet web site own and oper by imntv . “ special link ” mean a format or “ tag ” link that track traffic from the distributor portal to the land page . “ subscrib ” mean , collect , end user who have complet the registr process for ani of the subscript product describ herein . “ subscrib ” includ “ recur subscribers. ” “ subscript product ” mean , collect product and bundl that includ imntv content . “ imntv mobil product ” mean an imntv brand subscript product distribut to mobil and wireless devic , which includ servic , product and content from one or a varieti of third parti , and includ ani deriv , follow-on , repackag , or substanti similar product offer by distributor that includ imntv program . “ bundl fee ” mean the fee actual paid by a subscrib for the mobil product bundl that includ provid content provid in accord with thi agreement . “ imntv mobil product fee ” mean the fee actual paid by a subscrib for the imntv mobil product . “ recur subscrib ” for the purpos of thi agreement so as long as such individu continu to pay the applic subscript fee , so long as imntv actual receiv such fee . “ territori ” mean china. other territori are subject to approv by imntv . 2. distributor oblig . 2.1 subscript transact . distributor will provid the follow servic to market , launch and distribut the program use it exist infrastructur as follow : ( a ) fulfil . each individu who purchas a subscript must complet the registr process , where such individu will be prompt to provid certain person identifi inform includ a valid major credit card ( e.g. visa , mastercard , discov , american express ) to receiv the program . support for addit payment method and addit credit card may be develop by distributor , with imntv ’ s prior written approv . ( b ) custom support. distributor will provid custom support in target territori in a workmanlik and profession manner . 2.2 distribut channels. distributor and imntv may creat , sell and market bundl that includ the imntv program . distributor may offer the program and ani bundl through all wireless distribut channel in target territori . to enabl all subscrib to have access to the program , the program may be distribut in whole or in part via internet protocol in a manner that enabl the program to be receiv and play back by mobil devic in the target territori . 2.3 host services. host of on-demand program will be provid at no cost to imntv in a format accept to local territori wireless devic . distributor will provid report of aggreg subscrib access and usag data concern the program on a monthli basi , togeth with report describ in section 6.5 , below . 2.4 promot of program . distributor may use the program and imntv ’ s mark to market , advertis and promot the program in the mobil softwar applic ( s ) , the distributor ’ s portal , and in other on and off-lin market effort as follow : ( a ) promot the program in directori , list , and keyword searches; ( b ) deep link to the programming; ( c ) featur program in variou area within the distributor ’ s softwar and distributor ’ s portal , ( d ) commun to user via distributor ’ s consum market channel such as on-lin messag , member newslett or email campaigns; ( e ) featur excerpt , screenshot of program in market collater and advertisements; ( f ) featur the program in product demonstr relat to distributor ’ s sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 softwar or subscript product at trade show and conferences; ( g ) creat collater for joint promot effort between distributor and third parties; ( h ) promot the program in televis , radio and print media . imntv may use distributor 's logo and mark in the market of the product , subject to pre- approv trademark usag polici and brand standard to be provid by distributor to imntv . 2.5 distributor support and oper respons . distributor will provid all “ middlewar ” program to facilit connect of the content deliveri platform to local territori wireless network . distributor will perform local of ani softwar compon to make the program possibl to use in the local territory. thi is to includ languag translat or interfac design changes. provid will act as liaison with local territori wireless carrier . thi will includ content review to insur content meet local broadcast standard and meet ani local regulatori requir . distributor also agre to secur necessari government approv or permit necessari to oper in the territori and to secur permiss to enabl distribut of imntv ’ s share of subscript fee to imntv in the unit state . distributor is sole respons for monitor , perform and ensur the avail of the program and will notifi imntv immedi of plan and unplan program delay or outag . 2.6 privaci . distributor is respons for compli with all applic law , rule and regul relat to it collect and use of person inform from user of the distributor portal . at a minimum , distributor must adopt , implement and compli with a privaci polici that : ( a ) is easi to find , read and understand; ( b ) is promin post at the time that ani person identifi inform is collect or requested; and ( c ) clearli state what inform is be collect , what the inform will be use for , whether such inform will be provid to third parti , and the choic avail regard collect , use and distribut of the collect inform . 3. imntv oblig . 3.1 grant of licens . dure the term , for the activ describ in thi agreement , imntv herebi grant distributor non-exclus right and licens necessari within the territori to : ( a ) copi , store digit , host and stream the programming; ( b ) publicli perform , publicli display , electron transmit , distribut and broadcast the programming; ( c ) promot the program and use imntv mark for distributor ’ s promot of the program as activ describ in section 2.4 above; ( d ) archiv the program on distributor ’ s servers; ( e ) encod , copi , and creat continu program excerpt of up to sixti ( 60 ) second and transmit , publicli perform , distribut , and redistribut such excerpt to end user via the distributor ’ s portal for market purpos onli ( f ) deep link to the program . 3.2 right of distribut n/a 3.3 remov n/a 3.4 program oblig . imntv will creat and maintain it ’ s program content and will deliv same to distributor in a format suitabl for the distribut over wireless network in distributor ’ s territori on a regular basi . 3.5 logo trademark . distributor may use imntv logo and mark in the market of the product , subject to pre-approv trademark usag polici and brand standard . 3.6 dedic personnel . throughout the term , imntv shall design at least one ( 1 ) staff member to provid distributor with all reason necessari assist , inform and support relat to it oblig herein includ , but not limit to , updat and maintain the program . 3.7 respons for program . except as expressli set forth herein , imntv is sole respons for all cost , activ , oblig and liabil associ with : ( a ) obtain all right and licens necessari for the author use and distribut of the imntv program as describ herein includ , but not limit to , all copyright , trademark right , right of public and right of privaci , and ani broadcast , rebroadcast , or retransmiss right or permissions; and ( b ) obtain all necessari permiss and/or releas document from all person associ with the distribut of the program as describ herein , includ , without limit , all perform . 4. advertis the imntv program will not contain ani advertis , either integr or befor or after each clip , except imntv i ’ ds and imntv commerci for solicit of chines music video , without the prior written approv of both parti . sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 5. ownership . 5.1 by imntv . as between distributor and imntv , imntv own or ha the necessari licens to all copyright , trademark , patent and other intellectu properti right in and to , and all other right , titl and interest in and to the program , the trademark and the imntv portal . except as expressli provid herein , imntv retain the right to distribut the program in ani medium now known or hereaft develop . as between imntv and distributor ( exclud the program and other provid intellectu properti ) , imntv own all copyright , trademark , patent and other intellectu properti right therein , and all other right , titl and interest in and to or associ with the subscript product , the imntv site , the imntv mark , and the system and subscrib data . 5.3 trademark . each parti : ( a ) will not creat a unitari composit mark involv a trademark of the other parti without the prior written approv of such other party; ( b ) will display symbol and notic clearli and suffici indic the trademark statu and ownership of the other parti 's trademark in accord with applic trademark law and practice; ( c ) acknowledg that it util of the other parti 's trademark will not creat in it , nor will it repres it ha , ani right , titl or interest in or to such trademark other than the licens expressli grant herein; ( d ) agre not to do anyth contest or impair the trademark right of the other party; ( e ) agre to promptli notifi the other parti of ani unauthor use of the other parti 's trademark of which it ha actual knowledge; and ( f ) will have the sole right and discret to bring proceed alleg infring of it trademark or unfair competit relat thereto; provid , howev , that each parti agre to provid the other parti , at such other parti 's expens , with it reason cooper and assist with respect to ani such infring proceed 6. fee and royalti 6.1 mobil product payment . subscript fee in territori is to be determin base on market research perform by distributor with price to be agre upon jointli and in write each quarter , distributor will make royalti payment to imntv base on a structur as follow : 55 of subscrib revenu for the subscript base servic broadcast imntv content onli , net of telecom percentag provid in accord with thi agreement . ( “ program payment ” ) , subject to the follow : the parti acknowledg that some mobil carrier may bill end user for a full month in a singl bill , and that other may bill for partial month or pro-rat the bill of recur subscrib . for each full month of fee receiv from a recur subscrib , distributor will pay imntv base on the rate structur ( the '' full month payment '' ) . to the extent that distributor receiv a partial month 's fee or pro-rat fee from a recur subscrib as a result of a carrier 's bill practic , distributor will pay imntv a proportion or pro-rat portion of such full month payment base on the amount receiv by distributor . 6.2 payment . all payment hereund shall be payabl to imntv in unit state dollar on a quarterli basi upon receipt from the wireless carrier in the territori , except as follow : ( a ) first payment . the first payment to imntv will be payabl upon receipt at the end of the first calendar quarter after launch , and will includ ani amount due , pro-rat base on the number of day in such period of time; and ( b ) last payment . the last payment to imntv will be payabl upon receipt at the end of the first full month after the termin or expir of thi agreement , and will includ ani amount due : for the last month that the program is avail , prorat base on the number of day in such final period . ( c ) other except . all payment hereund are exclus of : ( i ) ani trial or promot period dure which a subscrib receiv access to the program befor such subscrib ’ s credit card is charged; and ( ii ) refund , charg back and fee attribut to contest credit card transact ( d ) summari of time . the parti acknowledg the follow that establish time of payment : ( 1 ) distributor receiv a carrier statement say how much distributor will be paid; ( 2 ) 30-45 day later the carrier pay distributor; ( 3 ) when distributor is paid by a carrier , distributor make royalti payment to imntv . ( e ) exchang rate . payment to imntv will be convert from local currenc to us dollar at the offici exchang rate post on the day payment are made to imntv via wire transfer provid that currenc exchang is approv by the relev chines currenc exchang administr agenc . sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 6.3 provid payment location. distributor will remit such payment a bank account specif name by imntv .. 6.4 tax . distributor will collect and remit to the appropri tax author , or requir subscrib to pay , ani sale , use or similar tax applic to ani retail sale or distribut of the programming. except for the forego , each parti is sole and separ respons for it own tax , user fee , or similar levi . 6.5 report . distributor will provid imntv with a quarterli report or monthli report if avail , summar the data relev to the payment oblig herein within five ( 5 ) busi day from the end of the calendar quarter . the report will contain suffici inform to permit provid to verifi payment hereund . 7. termin 7.1 gener termin right . either parti may termin the agreement at ani time in the event of a materi breach by the other parti that remain uncur after thirti ( 30 ) day written notic of the breach . 7.2 termin for program defici . distributor reserv the right to issu a warn immedi to subscrib , to temporarili or indefinit suspend the avail of the program , or to termin thi agreement ( the “ remedi ” ) if imntv breach thi agreement . in the event that distributor exercis ani of it right set forth in thi section 7.2 , distributor will notifi imntv of the program defici , distributor ’ s elect remedi , and the avail cure option , and will provid imntv with a reason period of time in which imntv may cure the program defici ( the “ cure period ” ) . dure the cure period , if commerci reason , the distributor may help imntv cure the program defici , but is under no affirm oblig to do so . if imntv fail to cure the program defici within the cure period , distributor may termin thi agreement immedi upon written notic . in the event of a suspens or termin under thi section 7.2 , distributor will notifi subscrib that the program is no longer avail . distributor will be sole liabl for ani refund pertain to the program that are issu to subscrib as a result of termin under thi section 7.2 . 7.3 termin for bankruptcy/insolv . either parti may termin thi agreement immedi follow written notic to the other parti if the other parti : ( a ) ceas to do busi in the normal course; ( b ) becom or is declar insolv or bankrupt; ( c ) is the subject of ani proceed relat to it liquid or insolv ( whether voluntari or involuntari ) which is not dismiss within nineti ( 90 ) calendar days; or ( d ) make an assign for the benefit of creditor . 7.4 effect of termin . except as set forth in section 7.3 abov , upon termin or expir of thi agreement : ( a ) the licens grant to distributor will immedi terminate; and ( b ) all fee due to imntv will be paid to imntv pursuant to section 6.3 of thi agreement . in the event that distributor termin thi agreement pursuant to either section 7.2 or 7.3 abov , distributor will notifi subscrib that the program is no longer avail . section 5 , 6.3 , 6.6 , 7.2 , 7.4 , 8 , and 9 of thi mt will surviv the expir or termin of the agreement for ani reason . 8. warranti and indemnif 8.1 provid warranti and indemnif . imntv repres and warrant to distributor that : ( i ) imntv is an entiti duli organ and validli exist under the law of it state of organization; ( ii ) imntv ha the power and author to enter into thi agreement and to perform fulli it oblig under thi agreement; ( iii ) imntv is under no contractu or other legal oblig which could reason be expect to interfer in ani way with it prompt and complet perform under thi agreement; and ( iv ) the person execut thi agreement on behalf of imntv ha been duli author to do so and such execut is bind upon imntv . imntv will defend , indemnifi , and hold distributor harmless from and against ani and all liabil , claim , loss , cost , damag and expens ( includ reason attorney ' fee and court cost ) ( collect , '' claim '' ) relat to or aris out of : ( a ) imntv 's breach of thi agreement; ( b ) the content of the program ( e.g. , if such claim alleg copyright or trademark infring or infring of ani other proprietari right ) as furnish by imntv under thi agreement ( exclud ani claim to the extent base on ani alter of or insert in ani imntv content by distributor that is not specif author by imntv in write ) , imntv mark or imntv site; ( c ) ani imntv onlin subscript servic , the program with the mobil subscript product , or imntv ’ s act or omiss with sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 respect thereto ( includ the market of the forego by imntv and exclud ani claim to the extent base on ani alter of or insert in ani program by distributor ) ; ( d ) violat by imntv of ani contractu oblig , includ payment or royalti , that imntv ha to ani third party; ( e ) a claim that the program as provid by imntv doe not compli with ani feder , state and local law and regul that are applic to distributor ’ s transmiss or use of program as permit thi agreement; or ( f ) imntv not have obtain all necessari consent , licens , permiss and releas necessari to grant distributor the right imntv grant to distributor hereund . 8.2 distributor warranti and indemnif . distributor repres and warrant to imntv that : ( i ) distributor is an entiti duli organ and validli exist under the law of it countri of organization; ( ii ) distributor ha the power and author to enter into thi agreement and to perform fulli it oblig under thi agreement; ( iii ) distributor is under no contractu or other legal oblig which could reason be expect to interfer in ani way with it prompt and complet perform under thi agreement; and ( iv ) the person execut thi agreement on behalf of distributor ha been duli author to do so and such execut is bind upon distributor . distributor will defend , indemnifi , and hold imntv harmless from and against ani and all claim relat to or aris out of : ( a ) the market by distributor of the program ( exclud claim to the extent base on program or other content provid by or approv by imntv ) , or ani subscript product which includ ani program , ( b ) ani claim by ani subscrib concern distributor ’ s oper and mainten of the subscript product ( except for content claim describ in section 9.1 , claim concern the transmiss of subscrib inform to imntv , or the use of subscrib inform by imntv or by ani third parti to whom imntv ha disclos such inform ) ; ( c ) distributor 's altern of , or insert of materi ( includ commerci advertis ) in , ani program , except as explicitli author in each case in write by imntv; and ( d ) ani infring of the subscript product on the right of other ( exclud ani claim to the extend base on ani program ) . 8.3 condit of indemnif . a parti ’ s oblig to indemnifi the other parti is expressli condit on the indemnifi parti : ( a ) give written notic of the claim promptli to the indemnifi party; ( b ) give the indemnifi parti control of the defens and settlement of the claim util , if necessari , legal counsel to be select by the indemnifi parti upon reason approv of the other party; ( c ) provid to the indemnifi parti all avail inform and assist ( at the indemnifi parti ’ s expens ) ; and ( d ) not compromis or settl such claim , without the other parti ’ s prior written consent which may not be unreason withheld . 8.4 disclaim of warranti . except as expressli set forth herein , neither parti make ani warranti or represent relat to the subscript product , or the likelihood of success of the program , the mobil ntent product , or ani bundl . to the maximum extent permit by applic law , imntv further disclaim all warranti in the subscript product , includ without limit ani impli warranti of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , and noninfring . 8.5 limit of liabil . no parti will be liabl to the other parti in tort , contract or under ani other legal theori for ani consequenti , indirect , incident , punit or special loss or damag aris out of thi agreement , even if appris of the likelihood of such damag occur . in no event will imntv ’ s liabil to distributor under thi agreement exceed the amount actual due to imntv herein . 9. gener 9.1 notic and contact inform . all notic and demand under thi agreement will be in write and will be deliv by person servic , express courier , or unit state mail , to the follow address : if to imntv : independ music network 20 old stagecoach road red , ct 06896 usa attent : gener counsel if to provid : to the notic contact as set forth in section a of the agreement . either parti may chang the address set forth abov by written notic to the other party. notic will be effect on receipt . ani notic or report deliv in accord with thi section will be deem given on the date actual sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 delivered; provid that ani notic or report deem given or due on a saturday , sunday or legal holiday will be deem given or due on the next busi day . if ani notic or report is deliv to ani parti in a manner which doe not compli with thi section 9.1 , such notic or report will be deem deliv on the date , if ani , such notic or report is actual receiv by the other parti . 9.2 non-assign . thi agreement is bind upon each parti 's assign , transfere and successors; provid that no parti may assign or otherwis transfer , by oper of law or otherwis , thi agreement in whole or in part , without the other parti 's prior written consent . notwithstand the prior sentenc , either parti may assign thi agreement in it entireti without the other parti 's consent to ani of the follow : ( i ) the assignor 's successor in a consolid or merger , ( ii ) the assignor ’ s successor in an acquisit of all or substanti all of the asset , equiti or benefici interest of the assignor , ( iii ) an entiti under common control with , control by or in control of the assignor , or ( iv ) a lender , as an assign of collater to secur credit extend to the assignor . the assignor will give the other parti written notic within thirti ( 30 ) day of ani assign describ in the immedi preced sentenc . 9.3 confidenti . the parti acknowledg that confidenti inform is valuabl and uniqu and that disclosur in breach of thi confidenti provis will result in irrepar injuri to it owner . from the effect date and for a period of two ( 2 ) year from the date of termin or expir of thi agreement , neither parti will use , disclos , or permit ani person to obtain ani confidenti inform of the other parti . if either parti receiv a request from ani third parti for the confidenti inform of the other parti , or if such parti is direct to disclos ani portion of ani confidenti inform of the other parti by oper of law or in connect with a judici or government proceed or arbitr , it will immedi notifi the other parti and will assist the other parti in seek a suitabl protect order or assur of confidenti treatment to preserv the confidenti of ani such confidenti inform . if either parti breach or threaten to breach the term of thi confidenti provis , the non-breach parti will be entitl to an injunct prohibit ani such breach . ani such relief will be in addit to and not in lieu of ani appropri relief in the way of money damag . 9.4 press releas and public statement . neither parti will issu ani press releas or make public statement relat to thi agreement or the relationship between the parti without the other parti ’ s review of and written consent to such press releas or public statement . 9.5 forc majeur . no parti shall be deem in default hereund for ani cessat , interrupt or delay in the perform of it oblig due to caus beyond it reason control , includ but not limit to : earthquak , flood , or other natur disast , act of god , labor controversi , civil disturb , war ( whether or not offici declar ) or the inabl to obtain suffici suppli , transport , or other essenti commod or servic requir in the conduct of it busi , or ani chang in or the adopt of ani law , regul , judgment or decre ( each a “ forc majeur event ” ) . each parti shall have the right to termin thi agreement immedi upon written notic if ani forc majeur event of anoth parti continu for more than ten ( 10 ) day . 9.6 miscellan . thi agreement and exhibit a , b , and c constitut the final agreement between the parti with regard to the subject matter herein , and supersed and cancel all prior negoti , understand , correspond and agreement , oral and written , express or impli , between the parti with regard to the subject matter herein . no waiver , amend or modif of ani provis of thi agreement will be effect unless it is in a document that expressli refer to thi agreement and is sign by both parti . failur or delay by either parti in exercis ani right or remedi under thi agreement will not oper as a waiver of ani such right or remedy. the parti are independ contractor . neither parti will be deem to be an employe , agent , partner or legal repres of the other for ani purpos and neither will have ani right , power or author to creat ani oblig or respons on behalf of the other . thi agreement will be govern by the law of the state of florida without regard to conflict of law provis . sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 exhibit b 1. technic requir . imntv will compli with the follow technic requir , as applic : on demand . provid will provid all on-demand media file encod in the format appropri for each stream type ( e.g. , audio , video , anim and other media file type as they becom support and as imntv may then elect to provid ) to the distributor via the file transfer protocol ( ftp ) . 2. live/stream program ( as applic ) 2.1 prepar content . imntv will provid distributor with the url for each live or simul live stream remot encod by imntv use the convent establish by both parti . 2.2 feed deliveri . at imntv ’ s elect , imntv will deliv live feed to the distributor via method other than ftp over the internet , includ deliveri of physic media . ( a ) gener . imntv shall take the appropri measur to ensur that all live or simul live feed will be deliv continu to the distributor 24 hours/day , 7 days/week , except for schedul mainten . if ani feed is provid to distributor use transmiss method that are proprietari or uncommon , provid agre to provid -at no cost -- the receiv equip to distributor and to allow adequ time for setup and test of equip prior to deliveri of live content . ( b ) encoding. imntv will encod feed to be deliv to distributor . sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 exhibit c program technic specif 1. represent of program 1.1 program present . the follow are requir for all program : ( a ) each individu item of program will be identifi with a program identif code ( “ program id ” ) ( b ) click on ani program will instig an '' optim '' present as follow : ( i ) when a subscrib select the program , the default start-up audio/video sequenc for the present will start play in the playback window of the mobil platform softwar ( “ playback window ” ) . 2. polici for advertis and promot within softwar 2.1 the program will have a imntv identif ( “ imntv id ” ) , which is similar to on-air network id , which is play each time the program is launched. distributor may util the imntv id in the distributor ’ s portal for promot purpos . ( a ) the imntv id will be no longer than two ( 2 ) to five ( 5 ) second in length , and may be audio and real flash visual media clip . ( b ) all imntv id will be host and serv by distributor . ( c ) if program is current play , the imntv id can not interrupt the stream ( d ) if ani advertis other than a stream advertis is schedul , the imntv id must preced it . 3. program design guidelin 3.1 the initi open of imntv id should be author to the follow standard : ( a ) for a 120 w x 96h video space ( without scroll bar ) subject to review with distributor to determin suitabl for distributor ’ s territori . 3.2 design restrictions. the follow requir serv to ensur a consist subscrib experi across all program . ( a ) distributor will provid imntv with page size and load time goal for the program . ( b ) bullet point describ the program ( c ) descript of the program that correspond with each bullet point and elabor more on the bullet point ( d ) link to the provid ’ s privaci polici ( e ) link to the provid ’ s term of use ( f ) inform for custom servic and/or technic support to use while servic subscrib sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005 exhibit d distribut of the provid ’ s content through china unicom tianjin branch 1. servic offer a. mobilevis is an author and fulli licens servic provid ( sp ) partner who provid the program and support the underli technic oper of the stream servic for china unicom tianjin . b. mobilevis will be make avail the music video content from imntv on it wap portal page and in link contain in it wap push messag through china unicom tianjin ’ s network . 2. term of servic a. the china unicom tianjin stream media servic is offer as a pilot commerci program without charg for the period of two to three month . imntv agre to particip in thi pilot program by provid the content to china unicom tianjin via mobilevis without charg dure thi period . b. start on octob 1 , 2005 , china unicom tianjin intend to charg for the stream servic . the revenu share and payment term between imntv and mobilevis take effect start on the same date of commerci servic . 3. price of servic a. tbd subject to carrier ’ s price polici and imntv accept of term sourc : global technolog group , inc. , 10ksb , 9/28/2005