exhibit 10.26 execut version confidenti domain name and content licens agreement thi domain name and content licens agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into , by and between beij sina internet inform servic co. , ltd. ( 北京新浪互联信息服务有限公司 ) , a limit liabil compani organ under the law of the peopl ’ s republ of china ( hereinaft “ licensor ” ) and beij yisheng leju inform servic co. , ltd. , a limit liabil compani organ under the law of the peopl ’ s republ of china ( “ license ” and togeth with licensor , the “ parti ” and each a “ parti ” ) and is made effect as of the effect date ( defin below ) . recit wherea , sina corpor , a compani organ under the law of the cayman island ( “ sina ” ) , and cric hold limit , a compani organ under the law of the cayman island ( “ cric ” ) , enter into that certain share purchas agreement date juli 23 , 2009 ( the “ share purchas agreement ” ) , pursuant to which sina subscrib from cric the subscript share ( as defin in the share purchas agreement ) ; wherea , licensor is the registr of certain domain name as more particularli describ below that are relat to the busi which it desir to licens to license and license desir to obtain a licens from licensor to such domain name to use in connect with it oper of the busi on the term and condit set forth herein; and wherea , licensor and shanghai sina leju inform technolog co. ltd. ( “ sina leju ” ) enter into that certain domain name licens agreement date may 8 , 2008 ( the “ origin agreement ” ) and ( i ) licensor and sina leju desir to termin the origin agreement pursuant to the mutual termin agreement attach hereto as exhibit b and ( ii ) license and licensor desir to enter into thi agreement , on or prior to the consumm of the transact contempl by the share purchas agreement . now , therefor , for and in consider of the mutual coven and agreement of the parti and the faith perform thereof , and other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti hereto agre as follow : articl i definit as use herein , the follow term shall have the mean ascrib to them below . “ action ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.1 . “ affili ” mean , when use with respect to ani specifi person , a person that directli or indirectli through one or more intermediari , control , is control by , or is under common control with , such specifi person . for the purpos of thi definit , “ control ” ( includ the term “ control by ” and “ under common control with ” ) with respect to the sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 relationship between or among two or more person , mean the possess , directli or indirectli or as truste , person repres or executor , of the power to direct or caus the direct of the affair or manag of a person , whether through the ownership of vote secur , as truste , person repres or executor , by contract , credit arrang or otherwis . “ agenc agreement ” mean that certain advertis sale agenc agreement by and between sina corpor and china onlin hous technolog corpor , date as of the date hereof . “ busi ” mean an onlin real estat media platform in the prc that ( i ) provid inform and updat relat to real estat , home furnish and construct in the prc and provid real estat , home furnish and construct advertis servic , and ( ii ) oper a business-to-busi and business-to-consum internet platform target particip in the prc real estat industri , in each case , as current conduct or contempl to be conduct on the websit own or oper by license or ani of license ’ s affili in the prc . “ busi day ” mean ani day that is not a saturday , a sunday or other day on which bank are requir or author by law to be close in beij . “ chang of control ” mean ( i ) the consumm of ani acquisit or purchas , directli or indirectli , by ani person or relat group of person , that result in a competitor own more ordinari share in cric than e-hous and sina , and in each case , their respect control affili , own in the aggreg or ( ii ) an event pursuant to which a competitor acquir the right to nomin a member to the board of director of cric . “ claimant ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.12 . “ commiss ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.12 . “ competitor ” mean ani person whose busi includ an onlin portal . “ confidenti inform ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . “ content ” mean text , graphic , inform and data and other content , whether suppli by license , licensor , end user or third parti provid . “ disput ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.12 . “ effect date ” mean the close date as set forth in the share purchas agreement . “ e-hous licens data and inform ” mean the data and inform licens to cric hold limit and it subsidiari , for the oper of the cric system pursuant to the master transact agreement . sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 “ government author ” mean ani feder , nation , supran , state , provinci , local or other govern , government , regulatori or administr author , agenc or commiss or ani court , tribun , or judici or arbitr bodi . “ initi term ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.1 . “ law ” mean ani feder , nation , supran , state , provinci , local or similar statut , law or ordin , regul , rule , code , order , requir or rule of law ( includ common law ) . “ licens content ” shall mean all content ( i ) whose copyright is own by licensor; or ( ii ) own by a third parti provid but is sublicens by licensor to license without requir the payment of ani addit fee to ani third parti and without violat the term of ani agreement with such third parti provid , togeth with all updat to and substitut therefor as may be implement by licensor or such third parti provid . “ licens domain name ” mean the domain name list on exhibit a attach hereto . “ license parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.1 . “ licensor parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.2 . “ master transact agreement ” mean the master transact agreement enter into by and between e-hous ( china ) hold limit and cric hold limit , date as of juli 27 , 2009 . “ oper content ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.2 . “ person ” mean ani individu , partnership , firm , corpor , limit liabil compani , associ , trust , unincorpor organ or other entiti , as well as ani syndic or group that would be deem to be a person under section 13 ( d ) ( 3 ) of the secur exchang act of 1934 , as amend . “ prc ” mean the peopl ’ s republ of china , exclud hong kong , macau and taiwan . “ recipi ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . “ respond ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.12 . “ rule ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.12 . “ softwar licens agreement ” mean that certain softwar licens and support servic agreement by and between beij sina internet inform servic co. , ltd. and sina leju date as of [ ] . “ term ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.1. sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 “ trademark licens agreement ” mean that certain trademark licens agreement by and between beij sina internet inform servic co. , ltd. and license date as of [ ] . articl ii grant of licens 2.1. grant of licens . ( a ) subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , licensor herebi grant to license , and license herebi accept from licensor , an exclus , non-transfer ( except as set forth in section 10.7 ) and non-sublicens ( except as provid in section 2.1 ( c ) ) licens to use the licens domain name in connect with the busi dure the term . except as provid in section 2.3 , license ’ s use of the licens domain name under the term of thi agreement shall be free of ani fee . ( b ) subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , licensor herebi grant to license , and license herebi accept from licensor , an exclus , non-transfer ( except as set forth in section 10.7 ) and non-sublicens ( except as provid in section 2.1 ( c ) ) licens to use the licens content in connect with websit associ with the licens domain name until the earlier of ( i ) termin or expir of thi agreement , or ( ii ) termin or expir of the agenc agreement , provid , howev , that in the event the agenc agreement is amend or restat , such amend or restat shall not be deem a termin or expir of the agenc agreement . except as provid in section 2.3 , license ’ s use of the licens content under the term of thi agreement shall be free of ani fee . ( c ) notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , license ha no right to sublicens ani right grant hereund to ani third parti , or otherwis permit ani third parti to use ani licens domain name or licens content; provid , howev , that ani right grant to license hereund shall be sublicens , without the prior written consent of licensor , to sina leju and license ’ s affili that are control by sina leju sole for the purpos of oper the busi dure the term . all right in and to the licens domain name and licens content not expressli grant herein are herebi reserv exclus by licensor . license shall be respons for the complianc of the term and condit of thi agreement by all of it sublicense . without limit the forego , in the event ani sublicense undertak ani action ( or inact ) that would be deem a breach of thi agreement had license taken such action ( or inact ) , such action ( or inact ) shall be deem a breach by license under thi agreement . 2.2. other content . license may desir to use content other than licens content , from time to time , in connect with the websit associ with the licens domain name ( “ oper content ” ) . license may independ enter into an agreement with the owner of the oper content to secur license ’ s right to use such oper content , and shall be sole respons for the cost and expens associ with procur such content . for the avoid of doubt , license shall be permit to upload such oper content directli onto license ’ s websit or through use of the licensor ’ s softwar pursuant to the softwar sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 licens agreement . if license request licensor to enter into such an agreement on behalf of license and to provid the oper content to license , licensor and license shall discuss such request in good faith; provid , howev , if licensor agre to procur and provid such oper content , license shall reimburs licensor for all reason , increment cost that licensor incur which are attribut to license ’ s request . for exampl , if licensor , prior to the effect date , employ ten ( 10 ) full time employe dedic to obtain content and , as a result of license ’ s request for oper content pursuant to thi section 2.2 , must hire an addit full time employe to handl license ’ s request , license shall reimburs licensor for the cost relat to such full time employe , provid that , if such full time employe also engag in work on behalf of licensor or it affili , license shall reimburs licensor on a pro rata basi onli for the time spent by such full time employe in handl license ’ s request . license further acknowledg that licensor ha no oblig to fulfil ani request by license to procur oper content under thi section 2.2. unless otherwis agre to by the parti , ani oper content obtain on license ’ s behalf by licensor shall be for license ’ s use onli and shall not be use by licensor or it affili or provid or made avail to ani third parti by licensor . 2.3. fee . in the event e-hous research and train institut becom entitl to charg , invoic , or otherwis receiv from , license ani royalti , fee or other remuner for use of the e-hous licens data and inform pursuant to amend to the master transact agreement or through other mean , licensor and license shall use good faith effort to amend thi agreement such that licensor becom entitl to charg , invoic , or otherwis receiv fee from license to use the licens domain name and licens content , such fee to be agre upon by the parti , provid that ( i ) such fee shall be commerci reason and ( ii ) such fee shall not exceed the fee charg by licensor to unaffili third parti for use of the licens content , take into account ani other consider receiv by licensor ( includ , but not limit to , discount servic offer from the third parti ) . articl iii qualiti control 3.1. license control . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , license shall be entitl to exercis exclus control over all aspect of the websit and the busi associ with the licens domain name includ , without limit , the oper , the look-and-feel and the content of such websit . 3.2. content distribut . licensor shall make avail to license the licens content in substanti the same manner and with substanti the same speed and effici as such licens content wa made avail to sina leju prior to the effect date , name through licensor ’ s content databas , but in no event with less speed , effici , or a lesser level of access than licensor provid with respect to it own oper . license agre to use the licens domain name onli in accord with such content distribut polici that licensor use in connect with it own busi , and as may be establish by licensor and commun in write in advanc to license from time to time or as may otherwis be agre to by the parti from time to time , provid that license shall be afford the same period of time to implement ani such content distribut polici as is afford to licensor ’ s affili and other third parti . sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 3.3. websit monitor and censor . ( a ) license oblig . license shall monitor and censor all content on the websit associ with the licens domain name , includ without limit content post by end user . licensor shall also have the right to monitor and censor content of the websit associ with licens domain name . license shall remov ani offend content , includ , but not limit to , ani illeg materi , pornograph , obscen or sexual explicit materi , materi of a violent natur , or polit sensit materi , from such websit as soon as possibl after it becom awar of such offend content but in no event later than the timefram prescrib by the government author after receipt of oral or written notic from licensor or such government author . license ’ s failur to compli with thi section 3.3 ( a ) shall be deem a materi breach of thi agreement . without limit the forego oblig , license acknowledg that licensor shall have the right to remov such offend content from the websit associ with licens domain name . ( b ) new restrict impos by government author . in the event licensor receiv notic from ani government author that the websit associ with the licens domain name contain offend content where ( i ) the basi or natur of such offens ha not previous been identifi by ani government author as offens or inappropri and ( ii ) license ha not also receiv notic from such government author , licensor shall promptli notifi license of licensor ’ s receipt thereof . license shall then use best effort to remov such content as soon as possibl in accord with the instruct of such government author . notwithstand the forego or anyth in section 8.2 to the contrari , in the event licensor fail to notifi license of licensor ’ s receipt of such notic from a government author , such that license doe not have suffici time to remov such offend content , license shall not be liabl for ani fine or penalti impos by a government author in connect with such offend content . 3.4. complianc with law . license shall ensur that the busi compli with all applic law in respect of oper , advertis and promot of the busi and use of the licens domain name and licens content in connect therewith . 3.5. restrict . except as expressli permit under the trademark licens agreement , license shall not knowingli ( a ) use the licens domain name in ani manner that tarnish , degrad , disparag or reflect advers on licensor or licensor ’ s busi or reput , ( b ) in ani jurisdict , regist or attempt to regist ani domain name that consist of , in whole or in part , or are confusingli similar to , the term “ sina ” , ( c ) contest , challeng or otherwis make ani claim or take ani action advers to licensor ’ s interest in the licens domain name , ( d ) regist ani trademark , trade name or compani name that consist of , in whole or in part , or are confusingli similar to the term “ sina ” in the name of license or of ani of it affili , or ( e ) use the licens content and other content for ani unlaw purpos , includ but not limit to display or distribut ani pornograph , obscen or sexual explicit materi , materi of a violent natur , or polit sensit materi . in the event that licensor reason determin that ani violat of the forego by license pose an immedi harm to licensor ’ s busi , reput or goodwil , license shall promptli , follow receipt of notic from licensor , ceas and desist all such non-conform use . sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 articl iv ownership 4.1. ownership . license acknowledg that , as between the parti , licensor ( or it third parti provid ) is the owner of all right , titl and interest in and to the licens domain name and licens content , and all such right , titl and interest shall remain exclus with licensor ( or it third parti provid ) . 4.2. prosecut and mainten . as between license and licensor , licensor shall have the sole and exclus right and oblig to maintain and renew registr for the licens domain name dure the term , and shall do so at it own cost and expens dure the term . license shall not engag in the forego affair , in particular , license shall not chang or appli for chang of the domain name registr servic agenc for the licens domain name dure the term of thi agreement . articl v enforc 5.1. licensor enforc . ( a ) licensor shall have the right , but not the oblig , to take action against third parti in the court , administr agenc or otherwis , at licensor ’ s cost and expens , to prevent or termin misus , infring , dilut , misappropri , imit or illeg use by third parti of the licens domain name or licens content . ( b ) license shall reason cooper with licensor in ani action , suit or proceed that the licensor may undertak under thi section 5.1 ( includ , without limit , execut , file and deliv all document and evid reason request by the licensor ) and shall lend it name to such action , suit or proceed if reason request by the licensor or requir by applic law . all reason out-of-pocket expens incur by the license in connect therewith shall be reimburs by the licensor . the license shall have the right to particip and be repres in ani such action , suit or proceed by it own counsel at it own expens . ( c ) all damag or other compens of ani kind recov in ani action , suit or proceed undertaken under thi articl v , or from ani settlement or compromis thereof , shall be for the benefit of the licensor , provid , howev , that ani compens grant or award in light of ani loss incur by license shall be for the benefit of the license after licensor ’ s reason expens for take such action , suit or proceed have been paid . articl vi term and termin 6.1. term . the initi term of thi agreement ( the “ initi term ” ) shall commenc on the effect date and shall continu for a period of ten ( 10 ) year thereaft . begin twelv ( 12 ) month prior to the expir of the initi term , the parti shall use sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 good faith effort to negoti an extens of the term of thi agreement ( the initi term togeth with ani applic extens , the “ term ” ) . 6.2. termin for bankruptci . either parti may immedi termin thi agreement in the event that the other parti ( a ) becom insolv or unabl to pay it debt as they mature; ( b ) make an assign for the benefit of it creditors; ( c ) seek relief , or if proceed are commenc against such other parti or on it behalf , under ani bankruptci , insolv or debtor ’ relief law and such proceed have not been vacat or set asid within seven ( 7 ) day from the date of commenc thereof . 6.3. termin for breach . ( a ) by licensor . licensor may termin thi agreement at ani time in the event that the license is in materi default or breach of ani provis of thi agreement , and , if such default or breach is capabl of cure , such default or breach continu uncur for a period of thirti ( 30 ) day after receipt of written notic thereof; provid , howev , that in the event that the license ha in good faith commenc cure within such thirti ( 30 ) day period , but can not practic complet such cure within such thirti ( 30 ) day period , the parti shall negoti a reason addit time to cure . ( b ) by license . license may termin thi agreement at ani time in the event that the licensor is in materi default or breach of ani provis of thi agreement , and , if such default or breach is capabl of cure , such default or breach continu uncur for a period of thirti ( 30 ) day after receipt of written notic thereof; provid , howev , that in the event that the licensor ha in good faith commenc cure within such thirti ( 30 ) day period , but can not practic complet such cure within such thirti ( 30 ) day period , the parti shall negoti a reason addit time to cure . 6.4. termin for a chang of control . licensor may termin thi agreement by provid prior written notic to license upon the occurr of a chang of control . 6.5. termin in the event of termin of agenc agreement . in the event that the agenc agreement is termin pursuant to section 9.02 ( c ) ( iii ) or 9.02 ( d ) ( i ) thereof , thi agreement shall automat be termin as of the effect date of the termin of the agenc agreement and shall thereaft be of no further forc or effect except as set forth in section 6.7 . 6.6. effect of termin . ( a ) upon termin ( but not expir ) of thi agreement for ani reason , license shall be entitl to use the licens domain name and licens content for a limit period of time , not to exceed nineti ( 90 ) day , dure which it shall dilig work to transit to anoth solut . upon expir of thi agreement or such 90-day period , ( i ) all right grant to license under thi agreement with respect to the licens domain name and licens content shall immedi ceas , and ( ii ) license shall immedi discontinu all use of the licens domain name and licens content . sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 ( b ) upon termin or expir of the agenc agreement ( other than as describ in section 6.5 ) , license ’ s right under section 2.1 ( b ) are termin and license shall immedi discontinu all use of the licens content , provid , howev that in the event the agenc agreement is amend or restat , such amend or restat shall not be deem a termin or expir of the agenc agreement . 6.7. surviv . the duti and oblig of the parti under articl iv , vi , viii , ix and x and section 7.2 of thi agreement shall surviv ani termin or expir of thi agreement . articl vii represent and warranti 7.1. represent and warranti . ( a ) by each parti . each of license and licensor repres and warrant to each other parti that : ( a ) it is a corpor duli incorpor , validli exist and in good stand under applic law; ( b ) the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement and the consumm of the transact contempl herebi are within it corpor powers; ( c ) it ha taken necessari step to obtain author and all necessari consent and approv of ani other third parti or government author to execut and perform thi agreement; ( d ) thi agreement ha been duli execut and deliv by it and constitut it valid and bind oblig , enforc against it in accord with it term , except as such enforc may be limit by bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , or other law affect the right of creditor ’ gener or by gener princip of equity; and ( e ) the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement will not conflict with or result in ani breach of it charter or certif of incorpor , bylaw , or other govern document , or ani instrument , oblig , or contract to which it or it properti is bound . ( b ) by licensor . licensor repres and warrant that : i. it ha the right to grant the licens grant to license hereunder; and ii . the licens content and the licens domain name are , and the right grant hereund in connect with the licens domain name and licens content are , substanti similar to the licens content and the licens domain name and the right that were grant to sina leju in connect therewith prior to the effect date . 7.2. disclaim . license herebi acknowledg and agre that except as expressli set forth herein or in the share purchas agreement , the licens domain name and the licens content are provid without warranti of ani kind , express or impli , includ without limit , warranti of merchant , valid , noninfring , fit for a particular purpos or other warranti , whether express or impli , and licensor herebi disclaim ani and all such warranti . articl viii indemnif 8.1. indemnif by licensor . licensor shall defend , indemnifi and hold harmless license and it affili , and their respect offic , director , employe , agent , sharehold , successor and assign , ( collect , the “ license parti ” ) from and against ani claim , suit , demand or action ( “ action ” ) , and ani and all direct loss suffer or incur by license in connect with ani third parti claim aris out of or result from ani breach by licensor of ani provis of thi agreement . licensor ’ s oblig to indemnifi license shall be condit on ( a ) license ’ s provis to licensor of prompt notic of such an action ( except where ani delay doe not materi prejudic licensor ) ; ( b ) license ’ s reason cooper with licensor in the defens and settlement of such an action at licensor ’ s cost; and ( c ) licensor have exclus control of the defens , settlement and/or compromis of such an action ( provid that licensor may not settl ani action in a manner that advers affect license without license ’ s prior written consent , not to be unreason withheld or delay ) . 8.2. indemnif by license . license shall defend , indemnifi and hold harmless licensor and it affili , and their respect offic , director , employe , agent , sharehold , successor and assign , ( collect , the “ licensor parti ” ) from and against ani action , and ani and all direct loss suffer or incur by licensor in connect with ani third parti claim ( a ) aris out of or result from ani breach by license of ani provis of thi agreement , ( b ) regard the content ( other than licens content ) of the websit associ with licens domain name , or ( c ) regard ani content that wa subject to a request for remov by a government author , even if license remov such content within the time period proscrib by the government author , provid that , in all case , license shall not be liabl for ani direct loss suffer or incur by licensor as a result of licensor ’ s failur to provid license with a reason period of time to remov content in case where ( i ) the basi or natur of the offens ha not previous been identifi by ani government author as offens or inappropri and ( ii ) license ha not also receiv notic from the government author . license ’ s oblig to indemnifi licensor shall be condit on ( x ) licensor ’ s provis to license of prompt notic of such an action ( except where ani delay doe not materi prejudic license ) ; ( y ) licensor ’ s reason cooper with license in the defens and settlement of such an action at license ’ s cost; and ( z ) license have exclus control of the defens , settlement and/or compromis of such an action ( provid that license may not settl ani action in a manner that advers affect licensor without licensor ’ s prior written consent , not to be unreason withheld or delay ) . articl ix confidenti 9.1. confidenti inform . in perform it oblig under thi agreement , either parti ( the “ recipi ” ) may obtain certain confidenti inform of the other parti . for purpos of thi agreement , “ confidenti inform ” shall mean inform , document and other tangibl thing , provid by either parti to the other , in whatev form , relat to such parti ’ s busi and market , includ such sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 parti ’ s financi inform , person inform , custom list , product plan and market plan , whether alon or in it compil form and whether mark as confidenti or not . the recipi shall maintain in sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 confid all confidenti inform and shall not disclos such confidenti inform to ani third parti without the express written consent of the other parti except to those of it employe , subcontractor , consult , repres and agent as are necessari in connect with activ as contempl by thi agreement . in maintain the confidenti of confidenti inform , the recipi shall exercis the same degre of care that it exercis with it own confidenti inform , and in no event less than a reason degre of care . the recipi shall ensur that each of it employe , subcontractor , consult , repres and agent hold in confid and make no use of the confidenti inform for ani purpos other than those permit under thi agreement or otherwis requir by law . upon request by the other parti , the recipi shall return , destroy or otherwis handl as instruct by the other parti , ani document or softwar contain such confidenti inform , and shall not continu to use such confidenti inform . 9.2. except . the oblig of confidenti contain in section 9.1 shall not appli to the extent that ( a ) the recipi is requir to disclos inform by order or regul of a government author or a court of compet jurisdiction; provid , howev , that , to the extent permit by applic law , the recipi shall not make ani such disclosur without first notifi the other parti and allow the other parti a reason opportun to seek injunct relief from ( or a protect order with respect to ) the oblig to make such disclosure; or ( b ) the recipi can demonstr that ( i ) the disclos inform wa at the time of such disclosur to the recipi alreadi in ( or thereaft enter ) the public domain other than as a result of action of the recipi , it director , offic , employe or agent in violat hereof , ( ii ) the disclos inform wa right known to the recipi prior to the date of disclosur ( other than pursuant to disclosur by the other parti pursuant to other agreement in effect between the parti ) , or ( iii ) the disclos inform wa receiv by the recipi on an unrestrict basi from a sourc unrel to ani parti and not under a duti of confidenti to the other parti . articl x gener provis 10.1. taxes. each parti shall be respons for tax that should be born by it in accord with applic law . if ani parti pay ani tax that should have been born by the other parti in accord with law , such other parti shall reimburs such parti within seven ( 7 ) day after it receipt of document evidenc such tax payment so incur by such parti . 10.2. expens . except as otherwis specifi in thi agreement , all cost and expens , includ , fee and disburs of counsel , financi advisor and account , incur in connect with thi agreement and the transact contempl by thi agreement shall be born by the parti incur such cost and expens , whether or not the close shall have occur . 10.3. notic . all notic , request , claim , demand and other commun hereund shall be in write and shall be deem duli given , made or receiv ( i ) on the date of deliveri if deliv in person or by messeng servic , ( ii ) on the date of confirm of receipt of transmiss by facsimil ( or , the first ( 1 ) busi day follow such receipt if ( a ) such st sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 date of confirm is not a busi day or ( b ) confirm of receipt is given after 5:00 p.m. , beij time ) or ( iii ) on the date of confirm of receipt if deliv by an intern recogn overnight courier servic or regist or certifi mail ( or , the first ( 1 ) busi day follow such receipt if ( a ) such date of confirm is not a busi day or ( b ) confirm of receipt is given after 5:00 p.m. , beij time ) to the respect parti hereto at the follow address ( or at such other address for a parti as shall be specifi in a notic given in accord with thi section 10.3 ) : if to licensor : sina corpor 20/f beij ideal intern plaza no . 58 northwest 4th ring road haidian district , beij , 100090 peopl ’ s republ of china facsimil : +86 10 8260 7166 attent : head of legal depart ( xie guomin ) with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : shearman & sterl llp 12 floor east tower , twin tower b-12 jianguomenwai daji beij 100022 peopl ’ s republ of china facsimil : +86 10 6563 6001 attent : lee edward , esq . if to license : beij yisheng leju inform servic co. , ltd. c/o cric hold limit no . 383 guangyan road shanghai 200072 peopl ’ s republ of china facsimil : + 86 ( 21 ) 6086 7111 attent : presid with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : skadden , arp , slate , meagher & flom 42/f , edinburgh tower , the landmark 12 queen ’ s road central , hong kong facsimil : +852 3740 4727 attent : jonathan b. stone , esq. and z. juli gao , esq . 10.4. public announc . other than ( i ) the file with the sec of the form f-1 , ani amend thereto and ani other document file in connect with the form f-1 , st th sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 includ the file of thi agreement or ( ii ) ani commun with the relev stock exchang or regul in connect with the ipo , in each case , as deem necessari or desir in the sole discret of cric , neither parti to thi agreement shall make , or caus to be made , ani press releas or public announc in respect of thi agreement or the transact contempl by thi agreement or otherwis commun with ani news media without the prior written consent of the other parti unless otherwis requir by law or applic stock exchang regul , and the parti to thi agreement shall cooper as to the time and content of ani such press releas , public announc or commun . 10.5. sever . if ani term or other provis of thi agreement is invalid , illeg or incap of be enforc by ani law or public polici , all other term and provis of thi agreement shall nevertheless remain in full forc and effect for so long as the econom or legal substanc of the transact contempl by thi agreement is not affect in ani manner materi advers to either parti hereto . upon such determin that ani term or other provis is invalid , illeg or incap of be enforc , the parti hereto shall negoti in good faith to modifi thi agreement so as to effect the origin intent of the parti as close as possibl in an accept manner in order that the transact contempl by thi agreement are consumm as origin contempl to the greatest extent possibl . 10.6. entir agreement . thi agreement constitut the entir agreement of the parti hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersed all prior agreement and understand , both written and oral , with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereto ( includ the origin agreement ) . 10.7. assign . thi agreement and ani right or author grant hereund shall not be assign or transfer by either parti , includ by oper of law , merger or otherwis , without the express written consent of the other parti , provid that licensor may assign thi agreement without consent to ani of it affili and license may assign thi agreement without consent to sina leju or an affili of license that is control by sina leju . 10.8. amend . thi agreement may not be amend or modifi except ( a ) by an instrument in write sign by , or on behalf of , both parti or ( b ) by a waiver in accord with section 10.9 . 10.9. waiver . either parti may ( a ) extend the time for the perform of ani of the oblig or other act of the other parti , ( b ) waiv ani inaccuraci in the represent and warranti of the other parti contain herein or in ani document deliv by the other parti pursuant hereto or ( c ) waiv complianc with ani of the agreement of the other parti or condit to such parti ’ s oblig contain herein . ani such extens or waiver shall be valid onli if set forth in an instrument in write sign by the parti to be bound therebi . no waiver of ani represent , warranti , agreement , condit or oblig grant pursuant to thi section 10.9 or otherwis in accord with thi agreement shall be constru as a waiver of ani prior or subsequ breach of such represent , warranti , agreement , condit or oblig or ani other represent , warranti , agreement , condit or oblig . the failur of either parti hereto to assert ani of it right hereund shall not constitut a waiver of ani of such right . sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 10.10. no third parti beneficiari . except for the provis of articl vii relat to indemnifi parti , thi agreement shall be bind upon and inur sole to the benefit of the parti and their respect successor and permit assign and noth herein , express or impli ( includ the provis of articl vii relat to indemnifi parti ) , is intend to or shall confer upon ani other person ani legal or equit right , benefit or remedi of ani natur whatsoev , includ ani right of employ for ani specifi period , under or by reason of thi agreement . 10.11. govern law . thi agreement and ani disput or claim aris out of or in connect with it or it subject matter shall be govern by , and constru in accord with , the law of the peopl ’ s republ of china ( without regard to it conflict of law rule that would mandat the applic of the law of anoth jurisdict ) . 10.12. disput resolut . ( a ) ani disput , controversi or claim aris out of or relat to thi agreement , or the breach , termin or invalid thereof ( each , a “ disput ” ) , shall to the extent possibl be settl through friendli consult among the parti hereto . the claim parti ( the “ claimant ” ) shall promptli notifi the other parti ( the “ respond ” ) in a date written notic that a disput ha arisen and describ the natur of the disput . ani disput which remain unresolv within sixti ( 60 ) day after the date of such written notic shall be submit to the china intern econom and trade arbitr commiss ( the “ commiss ” ) to be final settl by arbitr in beij , prc in accord with the commiss ’ s then effect rule ( the “ rule ” ) and thi section 10.12. the languag of the arbitr shall be mandarin chines . ( b ) the arbitr tribun shall consist of three ( 3 ) arbitr . the claimant shall appoint one ( 1 ) arbitr , the respond shall appoint one ( 1 ) arbitr , and the two ( 2 ) arbitr so appoint shall appoint a third arbitr . if the claimant and the respond fail to appoint one ( 1 ) arbitr , or the two ( 2 ) arbitr appoint fail to appoint the third arbitr within the time period set by the then effect rule , the relev appoint shall be made promptli by the commiss . ( c ) ani award of the arbitr tribun establish pursuant to thi section 10.12 shall be final and bind upon the parti , and enforc in ani court of compet jurisdict . the parti shall use their best effort to effect the prompt execut of ani such award and shall render whatev assist as may be necessari to thi end . the prevail parti ( as determin by the arbitr ) shall be entitl to reimburs of it cost and expens , includ reason attorney ’ s fee , incur in connect with the arbitr and ani judici enforc , unless the arbitr determin that it would be manifestli unfair to honor thi agreement of the parti and determin a differ alloc of cost . ( d ) the forego provis in thi section 10.12 shall not preclud ani parti from seek interim or conservatori remedi , includ injunct relief , from ani court have jurisdict to grant such relief . 10.13. no presumpt . the parti acknowledg that each ha been repres by counsel in connect with thi agreement and the transact contempl by thi agreement . accordingli , ani applic law that would requir interpret of ani claim sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 ambigu in thi agreement against the parti that draft it ha no applic and is expressli waiv . if ani claim is made by a parti relat to ani conflict , omiss or ambigu in the provis of thi agreement , no presumpt or burden of proof or persuas will be impli becaus thi agreement wa prepar by or at the request of ani parti or it counsel . 10.14. specif perform . the parti hereto acknowledg and agre that irrepar damag would occur if ani of the provis of thi agreement are not perform in accord with their specif term and that ani breach of thi agreement could not be adequ compens in all case by monetari damag alon . accordingli , in addit to ani other right or remedi to which a parti hereto may be entitl , at law or in equiti , it shall be entitl to enforc ani provis of thi agreement by a decre of specif perform and to temporari , preliminari and perman injunct relief to prevent breach or threaten breach of ani of the provis of thi agreement , without post ani bond or other undertak . 10.15. forc majeur . neither parti shall be liabl for failur to perform ani of it oblig under thi agreement dure ani period in which such parti can not perform due to hacker attack , fire , flood or other natur disast , war , embargo , riot or the intervent of ani government author , provid , howev , that the parti so delay immedi notifi the other parti of such delay . in no event shall such nonperform by license be excus due to ani such event for longer than nineti ( 90 ) day . 10.16. counterpart . thi agreement may be execut and deliv ( includ by facsimil transmiss ) in one or more counterpart , and by the differ parti hereto in separ counterpart , each of which when execut shall be deem to be an origin , but all of which taken togeth shall constitut one and the same agreement . 10.17. termin of origin agreement . pursuant to the mutual termin agreement set forth in exhibit b attach hereto , the origin agreement shall be termin as of the effect date . notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , thi agreement shall not becom effect unless and until the mutual termin agreement set forth in exhibit b is execut . [ signatur on next page ] sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 in wit whereof , each parti hereto ha caus thi agreement to be execut by it duli author repres on the date first set forth abov . beij sina internet inform servic co. , ltd. by : /s/ charl chao name : titl : beij yisheng leju inform servic co. , ltd. by : /s/ fei cao name : titl : sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014 exhibit a licens domain name house.sina.com.cn jiaju.sina.com.cn construction.sina.com.cn sourc : leju hold ltd , dr ( on f-1 ) , 1/21/2014