exhibit 10.3 [ ] certain inform in thi document ha been exclud pursuant to regul s-k , item 601 ( b ) ( 10 ) . such exclud inform is not materi and would like caus competit harm to the registr if publicli disclos . execut copi licens , develop and commerci agreement date as of februari 4 , 2020 by and between xencor , inc. and aimmun therapeut , inc. sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 tabl of content page articl 1 definit articl 2 licens articl 3 develop articl 4 regulatori articl 5 commerci articl 6 suppli articl 7 payment articl 8 payment; records; audit articl 9 intellectu properti matter articl 10 represent , warranti and covenants; complianc articl 11 indemnif articl 12 confidenti articl 13 term and termin articl 14 effect of expir or termin articl 15 miscellan schedul 1.10 antibodi schedul 1.79 xencor gener patent schedul 1.81 xencor product specif patent schedul 2.7 xencor know-how , regulatori materi , and regulatori data schedul 6.1 initi product suppli schedul 10.2.6 except schedul 12.2 initi press releas sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 licens , develop and commerci agreement thi licens , develop and commerci agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) , date as of februari 4 , 2020 ( the “ effect date ” ) , is made by and between xencor , inc. ( “ xencor ” ) , and aimmun therapeut , inc. ( “ aimmun ” ) . xencor and aimmun are sometim refer to herein individu as a “ parti ” and collect as the “ parti ” . recit wherea , xencor ha develop the antibodi ( as defin below ) ; wherea , aimmun is interest in further develop and commerci the antibody; and wherea , xencor wish to grant a licens to aimmun under certain intellectu properti right relat to the antibodi to develop , manufactur and commerci the product ( as defin below ) , and aimmun wish to take such licens , in each case in accord with the term and condit set forth below . no w therefor , in consider of the forego premis and the mutual promis , coven and condit contain in thi agreement , and for other good and valuabl consider , receipt of which is herebi acknowledg , the parti agre as follow : articl 1 definit as use in thi agreement , the follow initi capit term shall have the mean set forth in thi articl 1 or as otherwis defin elsewher in thi agreement : 1.1 “ activ ingredi ” mean ani substanc ( whether chemic or biolog ) or mixtur of substanc intend to be use in the manufactur of a drug ( medicin ) product that , when use in the product of such drug , becom a therapeut activ ingredi of the drug product , and which such substanc or mixtur of substanc is intend to furnish pharmacolog activ or other direct effect in the diagnosi , cure , mitig , treatment or prevent of diseas or to affect the structur or function of the bodi . 1.2 “ affili ” mean with respect to ani person , ani other person directli or indirectli control , control by , or under common control with such person; provid , that , for purpos of thi definit , “ control ” ( includ , with correl mean , the term “ control by ” and “ under common control with ” ) , as use with respect to ani person , shall mean ( i ) the possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag and polici of such person , whether through the ownership of vote secur or by contract or otherwis , or ( ii ) the ownership , directli or indirectli , of fifti percent ( 50 ) or more of the vote secur of such person . for purpos of thi section 1.2 , “ person ” mean mean an individu , corpor , partnership , limit partnership , limit liabil compani , limit liabil partnership , syndic , person ( includ a “ person ” as defin in section 13 ( d ) ( 3 ) of the secur exchang act of 1934 , as amend , togeth with the rule and regul promulg thereund ) , trust , associ , entiti or govern or polit subdivis , agenc or instrument of a govern . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.3 “ aimmun agreement entiti ” mean aimmun ’ s affili and sublicense ( exclud distributor ) . 1.4 “ aimmun common stock ” mean aimmun ’ s common stock , par valu 0.0001 per share . 1.5 “ aimmun field ” mean the field of [ ] . 1.6 “ aimmun invent ” mean an invent that is invent , sole or jointli with a third parti , by or on behalf of aimmun or it affili . 1.7 “ aimmun know-how ” mean ani and all know-how , whether or not patent or patent , that is control by aimmun or it affili as of the effect date or at ani time dure the term that is necessari or reason use in connect with the develop , manufactur , commerci or other use of the antibodi or product . 1.8 “ aimmun patent ” mean ani patent that ( i ) ( a ) is control by aimmun ( or it affili ) as of the effect date or come under the control of aimmun ( or it affili ) dure the term ( other than as a result of the licens grant by xencor to aimmun under thi agreement ) and ( b ) that would be infring by the develop , manufactur , commerci or use of the antibodi or product or that claim or cover aimmun know-how , or ( ii ) is an aimmun collabor patent . 1.9 “ aimmun technolog ” mean aimmun know-how and aimmun patent . 1.10 “ antibodi ” mean xencor ’ s human antibodi known as xmab7195 have the sequenc list in schedul 1.10 . 1.11 “ anti-corrupt law ” mean the u.s. foreign corrupt practic act , as amend , the uk briberi act 2010 , as amend , as well as applic law relat to the prevent of fraud , racket , money launder or terror . 1.12 “ applic law ” mean ani applic unit state feder , state or local or foreign or multin law , statut , standard , ordin , code , rule , regul , resolut or promulg , or ani order , writ , judgment , injunct , decre , stipul , rule , determin or award enter by or with ani government author , or ani licens , franchis , permit or similar right grant under ani of the forego , or ani similar provis have the forc or effect of law . for the avoid of doubt , ani specif refer to ani applic law or ani portion thereof , shall be deem to includ all then- current amend thereto or ani replac or successor law , statut , standard , ordin , code , rule , regul , resolut , order , writ , judgment , injunct , decre , stipul , rule , or determin thereto . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.13 “ baselin quarter net sale ” mean , on a country-by-countri and product-by-product basi , the averag cumul net sale of such product in such countri dure the [ ] calendar quarter that [ ] preced the calendar quarter dure which a gener product with respect to such product is first commerci sold in such countri . for exampl , if a gener product with respect to a given product is commerci sold in the u.s. for the first time on [ ] , then the baselin quarter net sale with respect to such product and u.s. are the cumul net sale of such product in the u.s. dure the [ ] calendar quarter of [ ] divid by [ ] . 1.14 “ busi day ” mean a day other than a saturday , sunday , or bank or other public holiday in california . 1.15 “ calendar quarter ” mean each three ( 3 ) month period commenc januari 1 , april 1 , juli 1 or octob 1 of ani year; provid , howev , that ( a ) the first calendar quarter of the term shall extend from the effect date to the end of the first full calendar quarter thereaft , and ( b ) the last calendar quarter of the term shall end upon the expir or termin of thi agreement . 1.16 “ calendar year ” mean the period begin on the 1st of januari and end on the 31st of decemb of the same year; provid , howev , that ( a ) the first calendar year of the term shall commenc on the effect date and end on decemb 31 of the same year and ( b ) the last calendar year of the term shall commenc on januari 1 of the calendar year in which thi agreement termin or expir and end on the date of termin or expir of thi agreement . 1.17 “ clinic trial ” mean a clinic trial , includ ani a phase i clinic trial , phase ii clinic trial , phase iii clinic trial , or phase iv clinic trial , as the case may be , and as ani such trial is defin by an applic regulatori author . 1.18 “ co-pay program ” mean a program to support patient access to a product wherebi the product manufactur make payment to a third parti equal to all or part of the differ between the price of product prescrib to a patient and the amount such patient pay for such product through such patient ’ s insur plan . 1.19 “ combin product ” mean ani product contain an activ ingredi that is not an antibodi . such combin product shall be either ( a ) price and sold in a singl packag contain such multipl product or ( b ) packag separ but sold togeth for a singl price . 1.20 “ commerci ” mean , with respect to the product , to promot , market , distribut , sell ( and offer for sale or contract to sell ) , import , export , or otherwis commerci exploit or provid product support for the product and to conduct activ , other than develop or manufactur , in prepar for conduct the forego activ , includ activ to produc commerci support data and to secur and maintain market access and reimburs . “ commerci ” and “ commerci ” shall have correl mean . for the avoid of doubt , commerci doe not includ develop and manufactur . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.21 “ commerci reason effort ” mean , with respect to the effort to be expend by a parti with respect to ani object ( e.g. , develop activ and commerci hereund ) , the level of effort consist with the effort and resourc [ ] of similar market potenti , at a similar stage in develop or product lifecycl , take into account the stage of develop or product lifecycl of other of [ ] product candid , safeti and efficaci , product profil , cost of good , the competit of the marketplac , such compani ’ s patent posit with respect to such product ( includ such compani ’ s abil to obtain or enforc , or have obtain or enforc , such patent right ) , the third parti patent landscap relev to the product , the regulatori structur involv , the likelihood of regulatori approv , the likelihood and extent of anticip or actual profit of the applic product , and other technic , legal , scientif and medic consider . without limit the forego , commerci reason effort requir , with respect to such oblig , that a parti : ( i ) promptli assign respons for such oblig to specif employe ( s ) who are held account for progress and monitor such progress on an on-go basi , ( ii ) set object for carri out such oblig , and ( iii ) alloc resourc design to advanc progress with respect to such object . 1.22 “ control ” or “ control by ” mean , with respect to ani know-how , invent , patent , technolog , copyright , trademark or other intellectu properti right , possess by a parti or it affili ( whether by ownership , licens grant or other mean ) of the legal right to grant the right to access or use , or to grant a licens or a sublicens to , such know-how , invent , patent , technolog , copyright , trademark or other intellectu properti right as provid for herein without violat the proprietari right of ani third parti or ani term of ani agreement or other arrang between such parti ( or ani of it affili ) and ani third parti . 1.23 “ cover ” or “ cover ” mean , with respect to a particular subject matter at issu and a relev patent , that the manufactur , use , sale , offer for sale or import of such subject matter would , but for the exist of thi agreement , infring one or more claim in such patent ( or in the case of a patent applic , would infring if such applic were to issu ) . 1.24 “ design offic ” mean , with respect to xencor , the chief execut offic of xencor ( or it designe ) , and , with respect to aimmun , the chief execut offic of aimmun ( or it designe ) . 1.25 “ develop ” mean to research , develop , analyz , test and conduct preclin trial , clinic trial ( includ , for the avoid of doubt , phase iv clinic trial and ani preclinical/clinical/cmc commit follow regulatori approv ) and all other regulatori trial , for the product , as well as ani and all activ pertain to manufactur develop , formul develop , medic affair and lifecycl manag , includ new indic , new formul and all other activ , includ regulatori activ , relat to secur and maintain regulatori approv for the product , or otherwis character or understand the properti and use of the antibodi or the product . “ develop ” and “ develop ” shall have correl mean . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.26 “ develop activ ” mean those develop activ undertaken by or on behalf of aimmun with respect to the product . 1.27 “ dollar ” or “ ” mean the legal tender of the unit state of america . 1.28 “ e.u . major countri ” mean the unit kingdom , franc , germani , itali , and spain . 1.29 “ fda ” mean the unit state food and drug administr and ani successor regulatori author have substanti the same function . 1.30 “ fd & c act ” mean the u.s. feder food , drug and cosmet act , as amend , and the regul promulg thereund . 1.31 “ first commerci sale ” mean , with respect to a product in ani countri , the first shipment of such product to a third parti in such countri for end use or consumpt of such product in such countri after regulatori approv of such product in such countri or , if earlier , the invoic of a third parti for such shipment . 1.32 “ forc majeur ” mean ani circumst whatsoev which are not within the reason control of the parti affect therebi , potenti includ an act of god , war , act of terror , insurrect , riot , strike or labor disput , shortag of materi , fire , explos , flood , earthquak , govern requisit or alloc , breakdown of or damag to plant , equip or facil , interrupt or delay in transport , fuel suppli or electr power , embargo , boycott , order or act of civil or militari author . 1.33 “ gener product ” mean , with respect to a product and on a country-by-countri basi , a product that ( a ) is market for sale in such countri [ ] , ( b ) contain or compris an antibodi with the [ ] , ( c ) is approv [ ] , and ( d ) such product , as and to the extent requir , is approv through an abbrevi process base in relianc , at least in part , on the safeti and efficaci data gener for the prior regulatori approv of such product by aimmun or an aimmun agreement entiti in such countri ( similar , with respect to the unit state , to an abbrevi new drug applic under section 505 ( j ) of the fd & c act ( 21 usc 355 ( j ) ) ) or is approv as a “ biosimilar biolog product ” under titl vii , subtitl a biolog price competit and innov act of 2009 , section 42 u.s.c . 262 , section 351 of the phsa , or , outsid the unit state , in accord with european direct 2001/83/ec on the commun code for medicin product ( articl 10 ( 4 ) and section 4 , part ii of annex i ) and european regul eec/2309/93 establish the commun procedur for the author and evalu of medicin product , each as amend , and togeth with all associ guidanc , and ani counterpart thereof or equival process insid or outsid of the unit state or eu to the forego . 1.34 “ good clinic practic ” or “ gcp ” mean all applic good clinic practic standard for the design , conduct , perform , monitor , audit , record , analys and report of clinic trial , includ , as applic , ( i ) as set forth in the intern confer on harmonis of technic requir for registr of sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 pharmaceut for human use ( “ ich ” ) harmonis tripartit guidelin for good clinic practic ( cpmp/ich/135/95 ) and ani other guidelin for good clinic practic for trial on medicin product , ( ii ) the declar of helsinki ( 1964 ) as last amend at the 64th world medic associ in octob 2013 and ani further amend or clarif thereto , ( iii ) u.s. code of feder regul titl 21 , part 50 ( protect of human subject ) , 56 ( institut review board ) and 312 ( investig new drug applic ) , as may be amend from time to time , and ( iv ) the equival applic law in ani relev countri , each as may be amend and applic from time to time and in each case , that provid for , among other thing , assur that the clinic data and report result are credibl and accur and protect the right , integr , and confidenti of trial subject . 1.35 “ good laboratori practic ” or “ glp ” mean all applic good laboratori practic standard , includ , as applic , ( i ) as set forth in the then-curr good laboratori practic standard promulg or endors by the fda as defin in 21 c.f.r . part 58 , and ( ii ) the equival applic law in ani relev countri , each as may be amend and applic from time to time . 1.36 “ good manufactur practic ” or “ gmp ” mean all applic good manufactur practic includ , as applic , ( i ) the principl detail in the u.s. current good manufactur practic , 21 c.f.r . section 210 , 211 , 601 and 610 , ( ii ) the principl detail in the ich q7 guidelin , and ( iii ) the equival applic law in ani relev countri , each as may be amend and applic from time to time . 1.37 “ govern offici ” mean : ( i ) ani offici , offic , employe , repres , or anyon act in an offici capac on behalf of : ( a ) ani govern or ani depart or agenc thereof; ( b ) ani public intern organ ( such as the unit nation , the intern monetari fund , the intern red cross , or the world health organ ) , or ani depart , agenc , or institut thereof; or ( c ) ani government-own or control compani , institut , or other entiti , includ a government-own hospit or university; ( ii ) ani polit parti or parti official; and ( iii ) ani candid for polit offic . 1.38 “ government author ” mean ani unit state feder , state or local , or ani foreign , govern or polit subdivis thereof , or ani multin organ or author , or ani author , agenc or commiss entitl to exercis ani administr , execut , judici , legisl , polic , regulatori or tax author or power , ani court or tribun ( or ani depart , bureau or divis thereof ) , or ani government arbitr or arbitr bodi . for clariti , ani regulatori author shall be a government author . 1.39 “ ifr ” mean intern financi report standard , or with respect to the u.s. , as appropri , gener accept account principl in the u.s. ( gaap ) , in each case , consist appli . 1.40 “ ind ” mean an investig new drug applic , clinic trial author or similar applic or submiss for approv to conduct human clinic investig file with or submit to a regulatori author in conform with the requir of such regulatori author . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.41 “ invent ” mean the act of ( an ) inventor ( s ) , as determin in accord with applic law relat to inventorship set forth in the patent law of the unit state ( titl 35 , unit state code ) , in first conceiv an invent . 1.42 “ invent ” mean ani discoveri or invent , whether or not patent , conceiv or otherwis made by either parti , or by both parti , in exercis it right or perform it oblig under thi agreement . 1.43 “ joint invent ” mean an invent that is invent jointli by an employe of , or person under an oblig of assign to , each of xencor and aimmun or their respect affili . 1.44 “ know-how ” mean all technic , scientif , regulatori and other inform , result , knowledg , techniqu and data , in whatev form and whether or not confidenti , patent or patent , includ invent , invent disclosur , discoveri , plan , process , practic , method , knowledg , trade secret , know-how , instruct , skill , experi , idea , concept , data ( includ biolog , chemic , pharmacolog , toxicolog , pharmaceut , physic and analyt , safeti , qualiti control , and preclin and clinic data ) , formula , formul , composit , specif , market , price , distribut , cost , sale and manufactur data or descript . know-how doe not includ ani patent claim ani of the forego . 1.45 “ licens field ” mean the diagnosi , treatment or prevent of human diseas and condit . 1.46 “ major territori ” mean the [ ] . 1.47 “ manufactur ” or “ manufactur ” or “ manufactur ” mean , with respect to the antibodi and product , the receipt , handl and storag of activ ingredi , drug substanc or drug product , medic devic and other materi , the manufactur , process , packag and label , hold ( includ storag ) , qualiti assur and qualiti control test ( includ releas ) of the antibodi and product ( other than qualiti assur and qualiti control relat to develop of the manufactur process , which activ shall be consid develop activ ) and ship of the antibodi and product . 1.48 “ market author applic ” or “ maa ” mean an applic to the appropri regulatori author for approv to sell the product ( but exclud price approv ) in ani particular countri or regulatori jurisdict , includ a biolog licens applic as describ in 21 c.f.r . §601.2 , as amend . 1.49 “ medic scienc liaison ” mean an individu who is employ by or on behalf of aimmun or it affili and who provid educ servic and other educ effort direct toward the medic and/or scientif commun . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.50 “ net sale ” mean , with respect to a product , the gross amount invoic for sale of a product by a sell parti to third parti for end use , less the follow deduct from such gross amount to the extent attribut to such product and to the extent actual incur , allow , accru or specif alloc : ( a ) credit or allow actual grant for damag product , return or reject of product , price adjust and bill errors; ( b ) government and other rebat ( or equival thereof ) grant to manag health care organ , pharmaci benefit manag ( or equival thereof ) , feder , state , provinci , local and other govern , their agenc and purchas and reimburs or to trade customers; ( c ) normal and customari trade , cash and quantiti discount , allow and credit actual allow or paid; ( d ) payment made as part of a co-pay program for a product; and ( e ) sale tax , vat tax and other tax directli link to the sale of product; all as determin in accord with ifr on a basi consist with the sell parti ’ s annual audit financi statement . net sale shall not includ sale to affili , sublicense or contractor engag by aimmun to develop , manufactur , or commerci the product , sole to the extent that such affili , sublicense or contractor purchas the product resel such product to a third parti . howev , subsequ sale of product by such aimmun affili , sublicense or contractor to a third parti shall be includ in the net sale when sold in the market for end-us use . further , ani use , suppli or provis of product by aimmun or aimmun agreement entiti at no cost or at a de minimi cost not to exceed [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the fulli burden cost thereof ( i ) in connect with patient assist program , ( ii ) for charit or promot purpos , ( iii ) for preclin , clinic , regulatori or government purpos , or compassion use or other similar program , or ( iv ) for test or studi reason necessari to compli with ani applic law , regul or request by a regulatori author shall not be includ in net sale of product . sale or transfer of product among the aimmun agreement entiti shall not result in ani net sale , in which case net sale shall be base onli on ani subsequ sale or disposit to a third party; provid that the aimmun agreement entiti is not an end user . in no event shall ani particular amount identifi abov be deduct more than onc in calcul net sale ( i.e. , no “ doubl count ” of reduct ) . in the event that product is sold as part of a financi bundl with other product or includ in financi packag deal to custom and in such case , the price of product relev for the calcul of net sale will be the averag invoic sale price of product in the preced calendar quarter sold separ less the averag discount of all product sold as part of such bundl or packag . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 for net sale of a combin product , the net sale applic to such combin product in a countri will be determin by multipli the total net sale of such combin product by the fraction a/ ( a+b ) , where a is the actual price of the product that is includ in such combin product in the same dosag amount or quantiti in the applic countri dure the applic quarter if sold separ , and b is the sum of the actual price of all other product with which such product is combin in such combin product , in the same dosag amount or quantiti in the applic countri dure the applic quarter if sold separ . if a or b can not be determin becaus valu for such product or such other product with which such product is combin are not avail separ in a particular countri , then the parti shall discuss an appropri alloc for the fair market valu of such product and such other product with which such product is combin to mutual determin net sale for the relev transact base on an equit method of determin the same that take into account , in the applic territori , the rel contribut of each activ ingredi , variat in dosag formul and rel valu to the end user of each activ ingredi . 1.51 “ patent ” mean ani and all ( i ) issu patent , ( ii ) pend patent applic , includ all provision applic , substitut , continu , continuations-in-part , division and renew , and all patent grant thereon , ( iii ) patents-of-addit , reissu , and reexamin , includ patent term adjust , patent term extens , supplementari protect certif or the equival thereof , ( iv ) inventor ’ s certif , ( v ) other form of government-issu right substanti similar to ani of the forego , and ( vi ) unit state and foreign counterpart of ani of the forego . 1.52 “ patent term extens ” mean ani term extens , supplementari protect certif and equival thereof offer patent protect beyond the initi term with respect to ani issu patent . 1.53 “ person ” mean ani individu , firm , corpor , partnership , limit liabil compani , trust , busi trust , joint ventur , government author , associ or other entiti . 1.54 “ phase i clinic trial ” mean a studi in human which provid for the first introduct into human of a product , conduct in normal volunt or patient to gener inform on product safeti , toler , pharmacolog activ or pharmacokinet , as more fulli defin in 21 cfr §312.21 ( a ) or compar regul in ani countri or jurisdict outsid the u.s. , and ani amend or successor regul . 1.55 “ phase ii clinic trial ” mean a studi in human for which a primari endpoint is a preliminari determin of efficaci in patient with the diseas be studi , as more fulli defin in 21 cfr §312.21 ( b ) or compar regul in ani countri or jurisdict outsid the u.s. , and ani amend or successor regul . phase ii clinic trial shall includ in all case ani phase i/ii clinic trial . 1.56 “ phase iii clinic trial ” mean a control studi in human that is perform after preliminari evid suggest effect of a product ha been obtain , and is intend to demonstr or confirm the therapeut benefit of such product and to gather the addit inform about effect and safeti that is need to evalu the overal sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 benefit-risk relationship of such product and to provid support for file for regulatori approv and for such product ’ s label and summari of product characterist , as more fulli defin in 21 cfr §312.21 ( c ) or compar regul in ani countri or jurisdict outsid the u.s. , and ani amend or successor regul . for the sake of clariti , with respect to what is commonli call a phase ii/iii studi , the phase iii clinic trial definit is met upon [ ] , as further defin in feder regul 21 c.f.r . §312.21 ( c ) and it foreign equival . 1.57 “ phase iv clinic trial ” mean a clinic studi in human initi in a countri after receipt of regulatori approv for a biopharmaceut product in such countri , usual within or in support of the approv product label . 1.58 “ pre-market ” mean all sale and market activ undertaken prior to and in prepar for the launch of the product . pre-market shall includ market research , key opinion leader develop , advisori board , medic educ , disease-rel public relat , health care econom studi , sale forc train and other pre-launch activ prior to the first commerci sale of the product in a given countri or other regulatori jurisdict . 1.59 “ price approv ” mean , with respect to ani countri where a government author author reimburs or access , or approv or determin price , for biopharmaceut product , receipt ( or , if requir to make such author , approv of determin effect public ) of such reimburs or access author or price approv or determin ( as the case may be ) . 1.60 “ product ” mean ani biopharmaceut product contain or compris ( i ) the antibody; and ( ii ) ani variant of the antibodi that : ( a ) [ ] and ( b ) [ ] ; provid , that a product doe not includ ani activ ingredi that is [ ] , other than the antibodi as describ in the forego subsect ( i ) and ( ii ) . for clariti , product exclud : ( 1 ) [ ] ; ( 2 ) [ ] ; ( 3 ) [ ] ; ( 4 ) [ ] ; ( 5 ) [ ] ; or ( 6 ) [ ] . 1.61 “ product approv ” mean the approv by a government author necessari for the market and sale of the product in a given countri or regulatori jurisdict , which may includ the approv of an maa ( but shall not includ ani price approv ) . 1.62 “ product complaint ” mean ani written , verbal or electron express of dissatisfact regard ani product sold by or on behalf of a sell parti , includ report of actual or suspect product tamper , contamin , mislabel or inclus of improp ingredi . 1.63 “ promot materi ” mean all written , print , video or graphic advertis , promot , educ and commun materi ( other than the product label and packag insert ) for market , advertis and promot of the product , for use ( i ) by a sale repres or a medic scienc liaison or ( ii ) in advertis , web site or direct mail piec . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.64 “ regulatori approv ” mean , with respect to ani biopharmaceut product in ani regulatori jurisdict for a given indic , approv from the applic regulatori author permit the manufactur , sale , distribut or commerci of such biopharmaceut product in such regulatori jurisdict for such indic in accord with applic law , includ ani price approv . 1.65 “ regulatori author ” mean , in a particular countri or regulatori jurisdict , ani applic government author involv in grant regulatori approv and/or , to the extent requir in such countri or regulatori jurisdict , government price approv of a biopharmaceut product in such countri or regulatori jurisdict . 1.66 “ regulatori data ” mean ani and all research data , pharmacolog data , chemistri , manufactur and control data , preclin data , clinic data and all other document submit , or requir to be submit , to regulatori author in associ with regulatori file for the product ( includ ani applic drug master file , chemistri , manufactur and control ( “ cmc ” ) data , or similar document ) . 1.67 “ regulatori materi ” mean regulatori applic , submiss , notif , commun , correspond , meet minut , registr , regulatori approv and/or other file made to , receiv from or otherwis conduct with a regulatori author that are necessari in order to develop , manufactur , obtain market author , market , sell , distribut or otherwis commerci the product in a particular countri or regulatori jurisdict . regulatori materi includ ind , maa , present , respons , and applic for product approv . 1.68 “ royalti term ” mean , with respect to a product on a country-by-countri basi , the period of time begin on the first commerci sale of such product in such countri and end the later of ( i ) the expir of the last to expir valid claim cover the antibodi or product in such countri , or ( ii ) [ ] ( [ ] ) year from the first commerci sale of such product in such countri . notwithstand subsect ( i ) and ( ii ) abov , the royalti term for a product in a countri shall not [ ] . 1.69 “ sale repres ” mean an individu who is employ by a parti and who perform detail and other promot effort with respect to the product . 1.70 “ sell parti ” mean aimmun or anoth aimmun agreement entiti . 1.71 “ third parti ” mean ani person other than xencor , aimmun or their respect affili . 1.72 “ unit state ” or “ u.s. ” mean the unit state of america and it possess and territori . 1.73 “ upstream agreement ” mean that certain [ ] agreement by and between xencor and the [ ] date [ ] . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.74 “ valid claim ” mean , with respect to a particular countri , ( i ) a claim of [ ] that ( a ) ha not been specif held perman revok , unenforc or invalid by a decis of a court or other government author of compet jurisdict , which decis is unapp or unappeal within the time allow for appeal , and ( b ) ha not been cancel , withdrawn , abandon , disclaim or admit to be invalid or unenforc through reissu , disclaim or otherwis , or ( ii ) a bona fide claim of a pend patent applic [ ] that ha not been ( a ) cancel , withdrawn or abandon without be re-fil in anoth applic in the applic jurisdict , or ( b ) final reject by an administr agenc action from which no appeal can be taken or that ha not been appeal within the time allow for appeal . 1.75 “ variant ” mean [ ] . 1.76 “ xencor [ ] ” mean a [ ] . 1.77 “ xencor invent ” mean an invent that is invent sole or jointli with a third parti , by or on behalf of xencor or it affili . 1.78 “ xencor know-how ” mean ani and all know-how , whether or not patent or patent , ( i ) to the extent control by xencor or it affili as of the effect date , or , if transfer to aimmun thereaft dure the term of thi agreement , and that is necessari in connect with the develop , manufactur , commerci or other use of the antibodi or product or ( ii ) constitut a xencor invent . notwithstand the forego , in all case , xencor know-how doe not includ ( a ) [ ] , ( b ) [ ] , ( c ) [ ] , ( d ) [ ] , ( e ) [ ] , or ( f ) [ ] . 1.79 “ xencor gener patent ” mean ( i ) the patent identifi on schedul 1.79 , includ patent issu from ani patent applic set forth on schedul 1.79 , ( ii ) with respect to such patent set forth on schedul 1.79 , all provision applic , substitut , continu , continuations-in-part , division , renew , patents-of-addit , reissu , reexamin and extens , ( iii ) all intern and domest counterpart of ani of the forego , and ( iv ) ani other patent control by xencor that claim invent necessari for the develop , manufactur , commerci or other use of the antibodi or product as the antibodi and product exist as of the effect date . 1.80 “ xencor patent ” mean xencor gener patent and xencor product specif patent . 1.81 “ xencor product specif patent ” mean ( i ) the patent identifi on schedul 1.81 , includ patent issu from ani patent applic set forth on schedul 1.81 , ( ii ) with respect to all patent set forth on schedul 1.81 , all provision applic , substitut , continu , continuations- in-part , division , renew , patents-of-addit , reissu , reexamin and extens , ( iii ) ani [ ] , and ( iv ) all intern and domest counterpart of ani of the forego . 1.82 “ xencor technolog ” mean xencor know-how and xencor patent . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 1.83 addit definit . the follow term have the mean set forth in the correspond section of thi agreement : articl 2 licens 2.1 grant to aimmun . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , xencor herebi grant to aimmun dure the term an exclus , worldwid , payment-bear licens under and with respect to xencor patent and xencor ’ s interest in joint collabor patent , and a non-exclus , payment bear licens under and with respect to xencor know-how , in each case , with the right to sublicens sole in accord with section 2.3.2 , sole to develop , manufactur and commerci the product in and for the licens field; provid that notwithstand the forego , xencor shall retain the right under and with respect to xencor patent and xencor ’ s interest in joint collabor patent to the extent necessari to perform it oblig under thi agreement . 2.2 addit licens provis . 2.2.1 neg coven . aimmun coven that it will not use or practic ani of xencor ’ s right to and under the xencor patent , xencor know-how or other intellectu properti right licens ( or sublicens , as applic ) to it under thi articl 2 , except for the purpos expressli permit in the applic licens grant . aimmun coven that it will not research or develop ( includ develop ) the antibodi itself , includ not develop ani modif , variant , fragment , progeni or deriv of such antibodi , in each case , in a way that would produc a molecul that is neither the antibodi nor a molecul that fall within the definit of a product . term section “ agreement ” preambl “ bankrupt parti ” 14.7 “ breach parti ” 13.2 [ ] 1.73 “ claim ” 11.1 “ cmc ” 1.66 “ commerci data ” 5.5 “ confidenti inform ” 12.1.1 “ control parti ” 9.4.1 ( a ) “ court ” 15.13.3 “ disput ” 15.1 “ effect date ” preambl “ ich ” 1.34 term section “ indemnifi parti ” 11.3.1 “ indemnifi parti ” 11.3.1 “ infring claim ” 9.4.1 “ joint collabor patent ” 9.1.1 “ aimmun ” preambl “ aimmun collabor patent ” 9.1.1 “ xencor ” preambl “ xencor collabor patent ” 9.1.1 “ loss ” 11.1 “ packag and label ” 6.2 term section “ parti ” or “ parti ” preambl “ product trade dress ” 5.4.1 “ product trademark ” 5.4.1 “ recoveri ” 9.4.2 ( c ) ( iv ) “ share ” 7.1 “ stock issuanc agreement ” 7.1 “ sublicense ” 2.3.2 “ term ” 13.1 “ third parti patent ” 7.3.2 ( b ) “ upfront payment ” 7.1 “ vat ” 8.3.3 sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 2.2.2 no impli licenses; retain right . except as explicitli set forth in thi agreement , xencor doe not grant ani licens , express or impli , under it intellectu properti right to aimmun , whether by implic , estoppel or otherwis . 2.2.3 upstream agreement . aimmun acknowledg , understand and agre that ( i ) the xencor know-how licens to aimmun pursuant to section 2.1 includ certain know-how licens to xencor pursuant to the upstream agreement , ( ii ) the licens to such xencor know-how constitut a sublicens under the upstream agreement , ( iii ) aimmun ’ s right to such xencor know-how are subject and subordin to the term and condit of the upstream agreement , ( iv ) aimmun will compli with the upstream agreement , includ undertak such activ as xencor reason request to so compli , ( v ) [ ] is respons for ani and all payment due under the upstream agreement ( follow the effect date ) in connect with develop , manufactur and commerci the product by or on behalf of aimmun ( includ by or on behalf of it affili or sublicense ) , and ( vi ) aimmun receiv a copi of the upstream agreement prior to the effect date . 2.3 perform by affili and sublicense . 2.3.1 perform by affili . the parti recogn that each may perform some or all of it oblig under thi agreement through affiliates; provid , howev , that each parti shall remain respons for and be guarantor of the perform by it affili and shall caus it affili to compli with the provis of thi agreement in connect with such perform . each parti herebi expressli waiv ani requir that the other parti exhaust ani right , power or remedi , or proceed against an affili , for ani oblig or perform hereund prior to proceed directli against such parti . wherev in thi agreement the parti deleg respons to affili , the parti agre that such entiti may not make decis inconsist with thi agreement , amend the term of thi agreement or act contrari to it term in ani way . 2.3.2 sublicense . aimmun shall [ ] the right ( but not the oblig ) to sublicens the right grant to it under section 2.1 to it affili or third parti ( each , a “ sublicense ” ) ; provid , howev , that aimmun shall remain respons for the perform by ani of it direct and indirect sublicense and shall caus it direct and indirect sublicense to compli with the applic provis of thi agreement in connect with such perform . without limit the forego , aimmun shall caus it direct and indirect sublicense to accept in write all applic term and condit of thi agreement , includ the report , audit , inspect and confidenti provis hereund and section 2.2.1 and 2.4. for the avoid of doubt , ( a ) aimmun will remain directli respons for all amount owe to xencor under thi agreement , and ( b ) aimmun shall caus each sublicense ( includ each tier of sublicense ) to be subject to the neg and restrict coven set forth in section 2.2.1 and 2.4 , respect . aimmun herebi expressli waiv ani requir that xencor exhaust ani right , power or remedi , or proceed against a subcontractor , for ani oblig or perform hereund prior to proceed directli against aimmun . 2.4 restrict coven . aimmun herebi coven and agre that it shall not ( and shall caus the other aimmun agreement entiti not to ) , either directli or indirectli , sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 develop , manufactur , or commerci the product for use outsid the licens field . furthermor , xencor herebi coven and agre that it shall not ( and shall caus it affili not to ) , either directli or through grant a licens or other right to , or otherwis facilit , a third parti to ( a ) develop , manufactur or commerci the antibodi or the product dure the term , ( b ) commenc ani [ ] of ani [ ] that is not the antibodi or a product and that [ ] for use in the licens field , prior to the [ ] ( [ ] th ) anniversari of the effect date , or ( c ) develop , manufactur or commerci ani [ ] that is not the antibodi or a product and that [ ] for use in the aimmun field dure the term . it is the desir and intent of the parti that the restrict coven contain in thi section 2.4 be enforc to the fullest extent permiss under applic law and public polici appli in each jurisdict in which enforc is sought . xencor and aimmun believ that the restrict coven in thi section 2.4 are valid and enforc . howev , if ani restrict coven should for ani reason becom or be declar by a compet court or competit author to be invalid or unenforc in ani jurisdict , such restrict coven shall be deem to have been amend to the extent necessari in order that such provis be valid and enforc , such amend shall appli onli with respect to the oper of such provis of thi section 2.4 in the particular jurisdict in which such declar is made . further , both parti agre that [ ] of thi agreement . 2.5 progress updat . aimmun shall keep xencor inform as to it progress and activ relat to the develop , manufactur and commerci of the product on [ ] basi ( i.e. , everi [ ] ( [ ] ) month ) , includ by provid updat on the statu of studi necessari for obtain regulatori approv with respect to the product , regulatori matter and meet with regulatori author with respect to the product , and commerci activ commenc no later than [ ] ( [ ] ) year prior to the date on which aimmun estim the first commerci sale of product will occur . addit , to the extent applic , such updat shall includ summari of aimmun ’ s develop plan for the product for the ensu [ ] ( [ ] ) year time period . ani inform disclos under thi section 2.5 shall be treat as confidenti inform as defin in section 12.1 . 2.6 upstream agreement . dure the term , neither xencor nor ani of it affili shall ( a ) encumb ani gpex technolog , as defin in the upstream agreement , to the extent includ within the xencor technolog , or commit ani act or permit the occurr of ani omiss that would caus the breach or termin of the upstream agreement , or otherwis knowingli take action or permit omiss that would advers affect the right grant to aimmun hereund with respect to the xencor patent and xencor know-how , or ( b ) without aimmun ’ s prior written consent , amend or otherwis modifi or permit to be amend or modifi , the upstream agreement in ani respect that would advers affect aimmun ’ s right with respect to , the antibodi or product . xencor shall promptli notifi aimmun upon xencor ’ s becom awar of ani alleg , threaten , or actual breach of the upstream agreement by either parti and shall not take ani action that would reason give rise to the right of the counterparti to termin the upstream agreement . 2.7 technolog transfer . xencor shall use commerci reason effort to transfer , and aimmun shall use commerci reason effort to receiv , the xencor know-how , regulatori materi , and regulatori data , in each case , as identifi on schedul 2.7 to sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 permit and enabl aimmun or it affili to develop and manufactur the product pursuant to the term of thi agreement no later than [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day after the effect date . the technolog transfer under thi section 2.7 shall occur in an orderli fashion and in a manner reason agre by the parti . the implement and transfer of inform pursuant hereto shall be conduct through electron , email and teleconfer consult between the parti . [ ] shall be respons for ani develop or manufactur relat out-of-pocket cost associ with such technolog transfer , includ lab run , pilot scale test and demo batch . xencor will alloc adequ appropri qualifi repres to enabl aimmun to practic and understand the xencor know-how , regulatori materi , and regulatori data , includ in connect with the transit of manufactur respons to aimmun , xencor ’ s oblig under thi section 2.7 shall not exceed an aggreg of [ ] ( [ ] ) full- time equival hour unless the parti otherwis agre in write [ ] . articl 3 develop 3.1 overview of develop . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , aimmun shall be respons for the develop of the product as set forth herein . aimmun , itself or with or through it affili and sublicense , shall use commerci reason effort to perform the develop activ for the product to ( i ) achiev the develop mileston set forth in section 7.2 , and ( ii ) obtain regulatori approv for the product . 3.2 complianc . aimmun shall conduct the develop activ in accord with sound and ethic busi and scientif practic , and in complianc with all applic law , includ gcp and glp , and also includ all applic data privaci and data protect law . in addit , aimmun shall not use in ani capac , in connect with it develop ( or commerci ) of the product hereund , ani person who ha been debar pursuant to section 306 of the fd & c act ( or similar applic law outsid of the u.s. ) , or who is the subject of a convict describ in such section , and aimmun shall inform xencor in write promptli if it or ani person who is perform servic for aimmun hereund is debar or is the subject of a convict describ in section 306 ( or similar applic law outsid of the u.s. ) , or if ani action , suit , claim , investig or legal administr proceed is pend or , to aimmun ’ s knowledg , is threaten , relat to the debar of aimmun or ani person use in ani capac by aimmun in connect with it develop ( or commerci ) of the product hereund . xencor shall not use in ani capac in connect with perform it oblig under thi agreement , ani person who ha been debar pursuant to section 306 of the fd & c act ( or similar applic law outsid of the u.s. ) , or who is the subject of a convict describ in such section . xencor shall inform aimmun in write immedi promptli if it or ani person who is perform servic for xencor hereund is debar or is the subject of a convict describ in section 306 ( or similar applic law outsid of the u.s. ) , or if ani action , suit , claim , investig or legal administr proceed is pend or , to xencor ’ s knowledg , is threaten , relat to the debar of xencor or ani person use in ani capac by xencor in connect with it develop or manufactur of the product prior to the effect date or perform under thi agreement or dure the term in the cours of perform xencor ’ s oblig under thi agreement . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 3.3 develop cost . as between the parti , aimmun shall be sole respons for one hundr percent ( 100 ) of all develop cost incur with respect to ani develop activ . 3.4 record , report and inform . aimmun shall , and shall caus each of the other aimmun agreement entiti to , maintain current and accur record of all develop activ conduct by it and all data and other inform result from such work ( which record shall includ , as applic , book , record , report , research note , chart , graph , comment , comput , analys , record , photograph , comput program and document thereof ( e.g. , sampl of materi and other graphic or written data gener in connect with the develop activ ) ) . such record shall properli reflect all work done and result achiev in the perform of the develop activ in suffici detail and in good scientif manner appropri for regulatori and patent purpos . aimmun shall document all preclin studi and clinic trial to be conduct in formal written studi report accord to applic nation and intern ( e.g. , ich , gcp and glp ) guidelin . articl 4 regulatori 4.1 regulatori file and regulatori approv . 4.1.1 gener responsibilities; ownership of regulatori approv . aimmun shall be respons for the prepar of all regulatori materi necessari or desir for obtain and maintain the regulatori approv for the product and aimmun shall submit such regulatori materi , as applic , to the applic government author . for clariti , to the extent allow by applic law , all regulatori approv for the product shall be held and own by aimmun in it name . 4.1.2 price approv . to the extent that a given countri or regulatori jurisdict requir price approv for sale of the product , aimmun shall ( to the extent permit by applic law ) be sole respons for ( and shall use commerci reason effort toward ) obtain and maintain price approv in all such countri and regulatori jurisdict in which it obtain regulatori approv for product , in it own name . 4.1.3 cost of regulatori activ . all regulatori cost incur in connect with the prepar of regulatori materi , and obtain of product approv , for the product shall be born sole by aimmun . aimmun shall be respons for all regulatori cost involv in the mainten of all regulatori approv for the product . 4.1.4 report and review . pursuant to the updat to be provid to xencor under section 2.5 , aimmun shall keep xencor reason inform in connect with the prepar of all materi regulatori materi , regulatori author review of regulatori materi , and regulatori approv , in each case with respect to the product . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 4.1.5 safeti report . aimmun shall provid a [ ] safeti report in connect with the develop of the product . aimmun shall determin , [ ] , the content and frequenc of such report , but in ani event such report will be made as [ ] for xencor to remain inform of the safeti statu of the product to assess , monitor and report to regulatori author inform relev to the safeti of product in connect with xencor ’ s effort to obtain regulatori approv of product that are not the product and that [ ] , and compli with applic law . xencor shall provid a [ ] safeti report in connect with the develop of product ( other than product ) that [ ] . xencor shall determin , [ ] , the content and frequenc of such report , but in ani event such report will be made as [ ] for aimmun to assess , monitor and report to regulatori author inform relev to the safeti of product in connect with aimmun ’ s effort to obtain regulatori approv of the product and compli with applic law . 4.2 no other regulatori file . except as otherwis expressli set forth in thi articl 4 , aimmun and aimmun agreement entiti shall not file ani regulatori materi or regulatori approv that are base on ani xencor technolog . 4.3 pharmacovigil and medic inquiri . 4.3.1 pharmacovigil . subject to section 4.1.1 , aimmun , as the holder of the product approv , shall be respons for the collect , review , assess , track and file of inform relat to advers event associ with the product ( whether or not product approv ha been achiev ) , in each case in accord with applic law and thi agreement ( and aimmun shall , in the develop and commerci of the product , record , investig , summar , notifi , report and review all advers event in accord with applic law ) . 4.3.2 medic inquiri for the product . follow the effect date , subject to section 4.1.1 , aimmun shall be respons for handl all medic question or inquiri in each countri , includ all product complaint , with regard to ani product distribut or sold by or on behalf of aimmun ( or ani of the other aimmun agreement entiti ) , in each case in accord with applic law and thi agreement . 4.3.3 regulatori author commun . in addit to it oblig under thi agreement , each parti shall disclos to the other parti ( and each parti shall have the right to subsequ disclos to it affili and subcontractor and license , specif those license of the product in the case of aimmun , who are bound by oblig of confidenti substanti consist with those in articl 12 ) the follow regulatori inform : all materi inform pertain to materi advers or potenti materi advers action taken or that may be taken by regulatori author , in connect with the product or antibodi , includ ani notic , audit notic , notic of initi by regulatori author of investig , detent , seizur or injunct concern the product or antibodi , notic of violat letter ( i.e. , an untitl letter ) , warn letter , servic of process or other equival sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 commun or action . without limit the gener of the forego , each parti shall promptli , but in ani event within [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day , inform the other parti of ani materi advers or potenti materi advers action taken or that may be taken by regulatori author in connect with the product or antibodi , includ ani notic , audit notic , notic of initi by regulatori author of investig , detent , seizur or injunct concern the product or antibodi , notic of violat letter ( i.e. , an untitl letter ) , warn letter , servic of process or other equival commun or action . 4.3.4 recal , withdraw , or market notif of product . in the event that ani government author threaten or initi ani action to remov the product from the market , aimmun shall notifi xencor of such commun promptli , but in no event later than [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day , after receipt thereof . aimmun shall [ ] ani recal , withdraw or market notif of the product . as between the parti , all cost and expens associ with implement a recal , withdraw or market notif with respect to the product shall be born by [ ] . articl 5 commerci 5.1 commerci . dure the term , as between the parti , aimmun shall be sole respons for commerci the product . aimmun shall be respons for one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the expens ( includ pre-market and other commerci expens ) incur in connect with the commerci of the product . 5.2 aimmun ’ s perform . 5.2.1 specif commerci oblig . without limit the gener of the provis of section 5.1 , in connect with the commerci of the product by or on behalf of aimmun or it affili and sublicense hereund : ( a ) aimmun , itself or with or through it affili and sublicense , shall ( i ) use commerci reason effort to commerci the product in the licens field throughout the major territori , ( ii ) repres the product accur and fairli , and ( iii ) not sell or distribut the product in a bundl with other product at a discount that is not equit alloc between product and other product with which the product is bundl . ( b ) aimmun shall not ( i ) [ ] , or ( ii ) util decept , mislead or uneth busi practic , in each case in the cours of perform activ pursuant to thi agreement . ( c ) aimmun , itself or with or through it affili and sublicense , shall be sole respons for ( i ) receiv , accept and fill order for the product , ( ii ) handl all return of the product , ( iii ) control invoic , order process and collect of account receiv for the sale of the product , and ( iv ) distribut and manag inventori of the product . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 5.3 report . without limit aimmun ’ s other report oblig hereund , aimmun shall , dure the fourth calendar quarter of each calendar year after the first commerci sale of a product , provid xencor [ ] involv product dure the preced four ( 4 ) calendar quarter . 5.4 product trademark and product trade dress . 5.4.1 product trademark . aimmun shall commerci the product under the trademark and the trade dress select by aimmun ( the “ product trademark ” and the “ product trade dress ” , respect ) . 5.4.2 use and ownership of product trademark and product trade dress . all use of the product trademark and product trade dress by aimmun ( and it other aimmun agreement entiti ) to identifi and/or in connect with the commerci of the product shall be in accord with regulatori approv and all applic law . aimmun or the other aimmun agreement entiti shall own and retain all right to the product trademark and product trade dress ( in each case , togeth with all goodwil associ therewith ) . aimmun or the other aimmun agreement entiti shall also own right to ani internet domain name incorpor the product trademark or ani variat or part of such trademark as it url address . 5.4.3 mainten of product trademark . dure the term , aimmun or the other aimmun agreement entiti will use commerci reason effort to establish and maintain the product trademark and will [ ] . 5.4.4 no inclus of xencor logo on packag and promot materi . notwithstand anyth to the contrari herein , aimmun shall not use ani xencor trademark , name , logo or housemark in connect with ani promot materi or the product without xencor ’ s written consent . without limit the forego , aimmun will take no action that will interfer with or diminish xencor ’ s right in it respect trademark , name and logo , and if xencor reason believ that the use of ani trademark , name and logo by aimmun hereund is interf with or diminish it right , xencor shall notifi aimmun thereof in write and aimmun shall promptli ceas use of such trademark , name or logo in such manner . 5.5 commerci data . as between the parti , aimmun shall own all market and sale data and inform result from it commerci of the product dure the term ( the “ commerci data ” ) , includ promot materi , market strategi and market research data . articl 6 suppli 6.1 initi product suppli . xencor shall provid a [ ] suppli of product to aimmun in the amount and in the form set forth on schedul 6.1 , which aimmun agre to accept on an as-i basi . xencor shall make avail to aimmun the quantiti of the product sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 specifi on schedul 6.1 within [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day from the effect date or otherwis as agre to by the parti , and shall provid appropri document at such time ( i.e. , appropri certif of analysi or complianc , as applic ) . the product shall be made avail to aimmun [ ] . for clariti , aimmun shall bear all cost in connect with such suppli of product relat to ship , tax , addit test and other matter . 6.2 packag and labeling; certain other manufactur activ . notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain herein , aimmun or it design third parti shall be respons ( [ ] ) for all final product label and packag ( whether in commerci or clinic packag present ) , includ materi such as patient insert , patient medic guid , profession insert and ani other written , print or graphic materi accompani the product and consid to be part of the finish product packag and label , and handl , storag , qualiti control , qualiti assur , test and releas ( collect , “ packag and label ” ) . aimmun or it design third parti shall ensur that all such packag and label compli with applic law , gmp and the regulatori approv for the product . to the extent that a third parti is involv in packag and label or other activ describ in thi section 6.2 , [ ] shall be [ ] respons for [ ] , qualifi such third parti to perform such activ . articl 7 payment 7.1 upfront payment . within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the effect date of thi agreement , aimmun shall issu to xencor share of aimmun common stock ( the “ share ” ) in accord with that certain stock issuanc agreement , date the date hereof , by and among xencor and aimmun ( the “ stock issuanc agreement ” ) , and pay to xencor by wire transfer of immedi avail fund , into an account design in write by xencor , an amount equal to five million dollar ( 5,000,000 ) ( togeth with the issuanc of the share , the “ upfront payment ” ) . the upfront payment shall be nonrefund and noncredit against ani other payment due hereund . 7.2 mileston payment . aimmun shall pay to xencor the one-tim mileston payment describ in thi section 7.2 follow achiev ( and onli upon the first occurr ) of the correspond mileston event for a product . aimmun shall promptli notifi xencor in write of , but in no event later than [ ] ( [ ] ) day after , the achiev of each such mileston event with respect to a product . aimmun shall pay the applic mileston payment by wire transfer of immedi avail fund within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the achiev ( and onli upon the first occurr ) of the applic mileston event into an account design by xencor in write . each such mileston payment is nonrefund and noncredit against ani other payment due hereund . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 mileston event mileston payment develop mileston [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] sale mileston [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 7.3 royalti payment . 7.3.1 product . on a product-by-product and country-by-countri basi dure the royalti term applic to such product and such countri , aimmun shall pay to xencor the follow royalti on net sale of product , subject to section 7.3.2 : aggreg annual net sale royalti rate [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 7.3.2 royalti reduct . ( a ) no valid claim . on a country-by-countri and product-by-product basi , if at ani time dure the royalti term with respect to such countri and such product , such product is not cover by ani valid claim of a [ ] , the royalti rate appli to net sale of such product shall be the royalti rate in section 7.3.1 reduc by [ ] percent ( [ ] ) for so long as dure the royalti term such product is not cover by a valid claim of a [ ] in such countri . ( b ) third parti intellectu properti . aimmun shall have the right ( but not the oblig ) , at it own expens ( subject to the reduct provid for by thi section 7.3.2 ( b ) ) , to obtain ani licens from ani third parti that are not sublicense of aimmun with respect to a product in such countri under ani issu patent that would be infring by the practic of xencor technolog licens under section 2.1 with respect to a given product in a particular countri ( each such patent , a “ third parti patent ” ) . if aimmun obtain such a licens to a third parti patent , aimmun shall be entitl to credit [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the royalti paid to such third parti dure a calendar quarter against the royalti payment otherwis payabl by aimmun to xencor pursuant to thi section 7.3 with respect to such product and such countri in such calendar quarter . notwithstand the forego , aimmun shall have no right to reduc payment due to xencor under thi agreement by ani amount paid to [ ] in connect with the upstream agreement or ani other agreement enter into between aimmun and [ ] . ( c ) gener competit . on a country-by-countri and product-by-product basi , if at ani time dure the royalti term with respect to such countri and such product there is one or more gener product ( s ) with respect to such product be sold for [ ] ) consecut calendar quarter , then [ ] for such countri and such product , the royalti rate for such product shall be reduc , after give effect to ani reduct applic to such product in such countri pursuant to [ ] , on a calendar quarter basi as follow : ( i ) if the cumul net sale of such product in such countri dure such calendar quarter are equal to or less than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) , but are greater than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) , of the baselin quarter net sale , then the royalti rate will be reduc for such calendar quarter by [ ] percent ( [ ] ) ; and ( ii ) if the cumul net sale of such product in such countri dure such calendar quarter are less than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the baselin quarter net sale of the baselin quarter net sale , then the royalti rate for such calendar quarter will be reduc by [ ] percent ( [ ] ) . provid , that , for clariti , on a country-by-countri and product-by-product basi , there will be no royalti rate reduct with respect to a given countri and product pursuant to thi section 7.3.2 ( c ) with respect to the initi [ ] ( [ ] ) consecut calendar quarter period dure which gener product entri with respect to such product and such countri is be establish . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 ( d ) royalti floor . notwithstand ani provis set forth in thi agreement to the contrari , none of the permit reduct to royalti provid in thi section 7.3.2 will reduc ani royalti payment payabl in a given calendar quarter with respect to net sale of ani product in ani countri dure the royalti term by more than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the royalti otherwis owe to xencor pursuant to section 7.3.1. articl 8 payment; records; audit 8.1 royalti payment and report . the royalti payment due by aimmun to xencor under section 7.3 shall be calcul , report and paid for each calendar quarter within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the end of each calendar quarter and shall be accompani by a report set forth net sale of product by aimmun in suffici detail to permit confirm of the accuraci of the royalti payment made , includ the gross sale and net sale of each product , on a country-by-countri basi , and the exchang rate use in accord with section 8.2. without limit the gener of the forego , aimmun shall requir it affili and other aimmun agreement entiti to account for it net sale and to provid such report with respect thereto as if such sale were made by aimmun . 8.2 manner and place of payment . when convers of payment from ani currenc other than u.s. dollar is requir , such convers shall be at an exchang rate equal to the rate of exchang for the currenc of the countri from which such payment are payabl as publish by the wall street journal , western u.s. edit , on the last busi day of the calendar quarter in which the applic sale were made in such countri . all payment hereund shall be payabl in u.s. dollar . all payment owe under thi agreement shall be made by wire transfer in immedi avail fund to a bank and account design in write by xencor , unless otherwis specifi in write by xencor . 8.3 tax . 8.3.1 the parti acknowledg and agre that it is their mutual object and intent to minim , to the extent feasibl , tax payabl with respect to their collabor effort under thi agreement to cooper and coordin with each other to achiev such object . for the avoid of doubt , as between the parti , aimmun shall be respons for ani brand prescript drug fee that may be levi under section 9008 of the afford care act with respect to ani product sold . 8.3.2 subject to thi section 8.3.2 , xencor will pay ani and all tax , includ withhold , levi on account of ani payment made to it under thi agreement . if ani tax are paid or requir to be withheld by aimmun for the benefit of xencor on account of ani payment payabl to xencor under thi agreement , aimmun will ( i ) deduct such tax from the amount of payment otherwis due to xencor , ( ii ) time pay the tax to the proper tax author , ( iii ) send proof of payment to xencor within [ ] ( [ ] ) day follow such payment and ( iv ) cooper with xencor in ani way reason requir by xencor to obtain avail reduct , credit or refund of such tax . notwithstand the forego , if ( a ) aimmun assign it right or oblig or deleg it right under thi agreement , ( b ) as a sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 result of such assign or deleg , aimmun ( or it assigne ) is requir by applic law to withhold tax from or in respect of ani amount payabl under thi agreement , and ( c ) such withhold tax exceed the amount of withhold tax that would have been applic but for such assign or deleg , then ani such amount payabl shall be increas to take into account such withhold tax as may be necessari so that , after make all requir withhold ( includ withhold on the addit amount payabl ) , the paye receiv an amount equal to the sum it would have receiv had no such increas withhold been made . each parti shall cooper with the other parti in ani way reason request by the other parti to minim the withhold tax implic of ani such assign or deleg . 8.3.3 aimmun shall be respons for all valu ad tax ( “ vat ” ) , if ani , attribut to transact contempl by thi agreement without ani offset or reimburs from xencor . xencor shall cooper with aimmun in ani way reason request by aimmun to obtain avail reduct , credit or refund of ani vat amount attribut to transact contempl by thi agreement . 8.3.4 [ ] . 8.4 records; audit . dure the term and for [ ] ( [ ] ) year thereaft , aimmun shall keep , and shall caus it affili and sublicense to keep and provid to xencor , complet and accur record pertain to the sale or other disposit of product in suffici detail to permit xencor to confirm the accuraci of payment due hereund . xencor shall have the right , upon [ ] ( [ ] ) day ’ prior written notic to aimmun , to caus an independ , certifi intern public account firm reason accept to aimmun or reason accept to it affili or sublicense , as applic , to audit such record dure aimmun ’ s , or it affili ’ s or sublicense ’ , as applic , normal busi hour to confirm the number of product unit sold , the gross sale and net sale of product , the royalti payabl , the method use to calcul the royalti payabl , and the exchang rate use in accord with section 8.2. the audit shall be limit to pertin record kept by aimmun and it affili and sublicense for ani year end not more than [ ] ( [ ] ) month prior to the date of the written notic . an audit under thi section 8.4 shall not occur more than [ ] in ani calendar year , except in the case of ani subsequ “ for caus ” audit . the account firm shall disclos to xencor onli whether the report are correct or incorrect and the specif detail concern ani discrep . no other inform shall be provid to xencor . the account firm shall provid aimmun with a copi of ani disclosur or report made to xencor and aimmun shall have an opportun to discuss such disclosur or report with xencor and the account firm . inform , disclosur , or report aris from ani such examin shall be confidenti inform of aimmun subject to the confidenti and other oblig of articl 12. prompt adjust shall be made by the parti to reflect the result of such audit . xencor shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit disclos an underpay of more than [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of the payment due under thi agreement , in which case , [ ] . 8.5 late payment . in the event that ani payment due under thi agreement is not sent to xencor when due in accord with the applic provis of section 7.1 , 7.2 , or 8.1 , the payment shall accru interest from the date due at the [ ] , plu an addit [ ] sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 percentag point ( [ ] ppt ) ; provid , howev , that ( a ) in the event that more than [ ] payment due under thi agreement is not receiv by xencor when due , the forego rate shall increas to the prime rate plu an addit [ ] percentag point ( [ ] ppt ) per year calcul on the number of day such payment is delinqu , compound annual and comput on the basi of a three hundr sixti five ( 365 ) day year , and ( b ) in no event shall such rate exceed the maximum legal annual interest rate . the payment of such interest shall not limit xencor from exercis ani other right it may have as a consequ of the late of ani payment . articl 9 intellectu properti matter 9.1 ownership of intellectu properti . 9.1.1 gener . subject to the provis of thi section 9.1.1 and except as expressli set forth otherwis in thi agreement , ( i ) xencor shall sole own patent cover ani xencor invent ( “ xencor collabor patent ” ) , and ( ii ) aimmun shall sole own patent cover ani aimmun invent ( “ aimmun collabor patent ” ) . all joint invent shall be jointli own by the parti , and patent cover joint invent shall be refer to as “ joint collabor patent ” . each parti shall promptli disclos to the other parti all xencor invent , aimmun invent and joint invent , as applic , made by it dure the term . the determin of inventorship for such invent shall be made in accord with applic law relat to inventorship set forth in the patent law of the unit state ( titl 35 , unit state code ) . 9.1.2 employe . each parti will requir all of it and it affili ’ employe to assign all invent that are develop , made or conceiv by such employe accord to the ownership principl describ in section 9.1.1 free and clear of all lien , encumbr , charg , secur interest , mortgag or other similar restrict . each parti will also use it commerci reason effort to requir ani agent or independ contractor perform an activ pursuant to thi agreement to assign all invent that are develop , made or conceiv by such agent or independ contractor to the relev parti , accord to the ownership principl describ in section 9.1.1 free and clear of all lien , encumbr , charg , secur interest , mortgag or other similar restrict . 9.2 disclosures; disput regard invent . each parti shall , befor file a new patent applic ( includ provision and continuations-in-part ) claim an invent , promptli disclos such invent to the other parti and shall provid to the other parti with a copi of the propos patent applic at least [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day befor file such applic or such shorter time as may be requir to preserv patent right , includ the avoid of a statutori bar or prior public . if such other parti believ that the first parti ’ s propos patent applic disclos such other parti ’ s confidenti inform , such other parti shall so notifi the first parti within such [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day after receipt thereof , and such first parti shall amend it propos applic to compli with the confidenti provis of thi agreement . if the parti are in agreement as to the design of the invent as a xencor invent , joint invent or aimmun invent , as applic , they can sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 continu as set forth in section 9.3. if the parti disagre as to whether an invent is a xencor invent , joint invent or aimmun invent , and are unabl to reach agreement within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after commenc discuss , then the provis of section 15.1 shall appli to such disput without limit either parti ’ s right to continu with file such applic . 9.3 patent file , prosecut and mainten . 9.3.1 xencor gener patent . subject to , and without limit aimmun ’ s right under , section 9.4 of thi agreement , xencor shall have the sole right to prepar , file , prosecut and maintain all xencor gener patent , [ ] , includ by conduct reissu , reexamin , interfer , and/or defend against post grant proceed , such as inter part review and opposit and other challeng to the valid or enforc of such xencor gener patent . xencor shall keep aimmun gener inform of the statu of xencor gener patent upon aimmun ’ s request reason request from time-to-tim . 9.3.2 xencor product specif patent , aimmun patent and joint collabor patent . ( a ) aimmun shall have the first right to prepar , file , prosecut and maintain ( i ) xencor product specif patent , ( ii ) aimmun patent cover an antibodi or product , and ( iii ) joint collabor patent , [ ] , includ by conduct reissu , reexamin , interfer , and/or defend against post grant proceed , such as inter part review and opposit and other challeng to the valid or enforc of the relev patent; provid that aimmun shall receiv xencor ’ s prior written approv , not to be unreason withheld or delay , befor conduct reissu , reexamin , interfer , and/or defend against post grant proceed for the [ ] , such as inter part review and opposit and other challeng to the valid or enforc of such relev patent . [ ] . [ ] . aimmun shall keep xencor inform of the statu of xencor product specif patent , aimmun patent cover an antibodi or product , and joint collabor patent [ ] . with respect to ani materi substant submiss that aimmun is requir to or otherwis intend to submit to a patent offic with respect to a [ ] , aimmun shall provid a draft of such submiss to xencor at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day ( or such time as is possibl ) prior to the deadlin for , or the intend file date of , such submiss , whichev is earlier ( or as soon as reason possibl if aimmun ha less than [ ] ( [ ] ) day ’ notic of a deadlin for submiss ) . xencor shall have the right to review and comment upon ani such submiss by aimmun to a patent offic , and will provid such comment within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after receiv such submiss ( provid , that if no comment are receiv within such [ ] ( [ ] ) day period , then aimmun may proceed with such submiss ) . aimmun shall [ ] ani suggest or recommend of xencor concern the prepar , file , prosecut and mainten thereof . ( b ) the parti shall cooper reason in the prosecut of all xencor product specif patent , aimmun patent cover an antibodi or product and joint collabor patent and shall share all materi inform relat thereto promptli after receipt of such inform . if , dure the term , aimmun ( i ) intend to allow ani xencor product specif patent , aimmun patent cover an antibodi or product or joint sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 collabor patent to expir or intend to otherwis abandon ani such xencor product specif patent , aimmun patent cover an antibodi or product or joint collabor patent , or ( ii ) decid not to prepar or file patent applic cover aimmun invent or joint invent , aimmun shall notifi xencor of such intent or decis at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day ( or as soon as possibl if less than [ ] ( [ ] ) day ) prior to ani file or payment due date , or ani other date that requir action , in connect with such xencor product specif patent , aimmun patent cover an antibodi or product or joint collabor patent , and xencor shall thereupon have the right , but not the oblig , to assum respons for the prepar , file , prosecut or mainten thereof [ ] , in the name of xencor or aimmun , as applic . 9.3.3 cooper . the parti agre to cooper in the prepar , file , prosecut and mainten of all patent under thi section 9.3 , includ obtain and execut necessari power of attorney and assign by the name inventor , provid relev technic report to the file parti concern the invent disclos in such patent , obtain execut of such other document which are need in the file and prosecut of such patent , and , as request by a parti , updat each other regard the statu of such patent , and shall cooper with the other parti so far as reason necessari with respect to furnish all inform and data in it possess reason necessari to obtain or maintain such patent . 9.4 infring of third parti patents; enforc of patent . 9.4.1 infring of third parti patent . each of the parti shall promptli , but in ani event no later than [ ] ( [ ] ) day after receipt of notic thereof , notifi the other parti in write in the event of ani claim by a third parti of alleg patent infring by aimmun or the other aimmun agreement entiti with respect to the research , develop , manufactur , use , sale , offer for sale or import of the antibodi or product ( each , an “ infring claim ” ) . with respect to ani infring claim , the parti shall attempt to negoti in good faith a resolut with respect thereto . if the parti can not settl such infring claim with the appropri third parti within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after the receipt of the notic pursuant to thi section 9.4.1 , then the follow shall appli : ( a ) in the case of ani such claim against aimmun alon or against both aimmun and xencor , in each case , with respect to the antibodi or product , then aimmun shall be deem to be the “ control parti ” for purpos of such infring claim . in the case of ani claim against xencor alon , then xencor shall be deem to be the “ control parti ” for purpos of such infring claim . ( b ) the control parti shall assum control of the defens of such infring claim . the non-control parti , upon request of the control parti , agre to join in ani such litig , and in ani event to reason cooper with the control parti , in each case , at the [ ] expens . the non-control parti will have the right to consult with the control parti concern such infring claim and to particip in and be repres by independ counsel in ani litig in which such non-control parti is a parti at it own expens . the control parti shall have the exclus right to settl ani sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 infring claim without the consent of the other parti , unless such settlement would have a materi advers impact on the other parti ( in which case the consent of such other parti shall be requir ) . for purpos of thi section 9.4.1 ( b ) , ani settlement that would involv the waiver of right ( includ the right to receiv payment ) of such other parti shall be deem a materi advers impact and shall requir the consent of such other parti , such consent not to be unreason withheld . 9.4.2 prosecut of infring . ( a ) notic . if either parti ( i ) receiv notic of ani patent nulliti action , ani declaratori judgment action or ani alleg or threaten infring of patent or patent applic or misappropri of intellectu properti compris the ( w ) joint invent , ( x ) xencor patent , xencor invent , or xencor know-how or ( y ) aimmun patent , aimmun invent , joint collabor patent or aimmun know-how , or ( ii ) learn that a third parti is infring or allegedli infring ani patent within the xencor patent , joint collabor patent or aimmun patent , or if ani third parti claim that ani such patent is invalid or unenforc , it will promptli notifi the other parti thereof , includ provid evid of infring or the claim of invalid or unenforc reason avail to such parti . ani matter relat to patent nulliti action , declaratori judgment action or claim of patent invalid or unenforc will be handl as provid in section 9.3 . ( b ) enforc of patent . ( i ) as between the parti , aimmun will have the first right ( but not the oblig ) to take the appropri step to enforc ani patent within the xencor product specif patent , aimmun patent and joint collabor patent against infring by a third parti , that is , in each caus , conduct the manufactur , sale , use , offer for sale or import of ani biopharmaceut product . aimmun may take ani step it reason believ appropri to enforc such patent , includ the initi , prosecut and control of ani suit , proceed or other legal action by counsel of it own choic and shall bear the cost of such enforc , as applic . notwithstand the forego , xencor will have the right , at [ ] expens , to be repres in ani such action by counsel of it own choic . ( ii ) if , pursuant to section 9.4.2 ( b ) ( i ) , aimmun fail to institut such litig or otherwis take step to remedi the applic infring within [ ] ( [ ] ) day of the date one parti ha provid notic to the other parti pursuant to section 9.4.2 ( a ) of such infring , then xencor will have the right ( but not the oblig ) , at [ ] expens , to bring ani such suit , action or proceed by counsel of it own choic and aimmun will have the right , at [ ] expens , to be repres in ani such action by counsel of it own choic . ( iii ) as between the parti , xencor will have the sole right ( but not the oblig ) to take the appropri step to enforc ani patent within the xencor gener patent against infring by a third parti , that is , in each caus , conduct the manufactur , sale , use , offer for sale or import of ani biopharmaceut product . xencor may take step includ the initi , prosecut and control of ani suit , proceed or other legal action by counsel of it own choic and shall bear the cost of such enforc , as applic . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 ( c ) cooperation; damag . ( i ) if one parti bring ani suit , action or proceed under section 9.4.2 ( b ) , the other parti agre to be join as parti plaintiff if necessari to prosecut the suit , action or proceed and to give the first parti reason author to file and prosecut the suit , action or proceeding; provid , howev , that neither parti will be requir to transfer ani right , titl or interest in or to ani properti to the other parti or ani other parti to confer stand on a parti hereund without the first parti ’ s consent , not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . ( ii ) the parti not pursu the suit , action or proceed hereund will provid reason assist to the other parti , includ by provid access to relev document and other evid and make it employe avail , subject to the other parti ’ s reimburs of ani cost incur by the non-enforc or defend parti in provid such assist . ( iii ) aimmun shall not , without the prior written consent of xencor ( [ ] ) , enter into [ ] relat to ani claim , suit or action that it brought under section 9.4.2 involv a [ ] . xencor shall not , without the prior written consent of aimmun ( [ ] ) , enter into ani [ ] relat to ani claim , suit or action that it brought under section 9.4.2 involv an [ ] . ( iv ) ani settlement , damag or other monetari award ( a “ recoveri ” ) recov pursuant to a suit , action or proceed brought pursuant to section 9.4.2 ( b ) will be alloc first to the cost and expens of the parti take such action , and second , to the cost and expens ( if ani ) of the other parti , with ani remain amount ( if ani ) to be alloc as follow : ( i ) for a suit , action or proceed control by aimmun , aimmun retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) and xencor retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such recoveri , and ( ii ) for a suit , action or proceed control by xencor , be alloc between the parti such that xencor retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) and aimmun retain [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such recoveri , provid that , notwithstand the forego claus ( i ) or ( ii ) , the portion of ani recoveri from ani such action involv [ ] . 9.5 patent term extens . as between xencor and aimmun , aimmun shall have the right , but not the oblig , to seek patent term extens ( includ ani supplement protect certif and the like avail under applic law ) in ani countri in relat to all [ ] ; provid that if , with respect to a given countri , aimmun [ ] then xencor [ ] . aimmun will reason consid seek patent term extens for [ ] , and will not [ ] for the purpos of [ ] under thi agreement . aimmun and xencor shall cooper in connect with all such activ . each parti , it agent and attorney will give due consider to all suggest and comment of the other parti regard ani such activ , but in the event of a disagr between the parti , aimmun will have the final decis make author as to [ ] . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 9.6 patent mark . aimmun shall mark the product market and sold by aimmun ( or the other aimmun agreement entiti ) hereund with appropri patent number or indicia . 9.7 patent challeng . xencor will be permit to termin thi agreement upon written notic to aimmun , effect [ ] ( [ ] ) day after receipt of written notic thereof by aimmun , if aimmun or ani of the other aimmun agreement entiti , directli or indirectli , ( i ) [ ] , or ( ii ) [ ] . articl 10 represent , warranti and covenants; complianc 10.1 mutual represent and warranti . each parti herebi repres and warrant to the other parti as follow , as of the effect date : 10.1.1 corpor exist and power . it is a compani or corpor duli organ , validli exist , and in good stand under the law of the jurisdict in which it is incorpor , and ha full corpor power and author and the legal right to own and oper it properti and asset and to carri on it busi as it is now be conduct and as contempl in thi agreement , includ the right to grant the licens grant by it hereund . 10.1.2 author and bind agreement . ( i ) it ha the corpor power and author and the legal right to enter into thi agreement and perform it oblig hereund , ( ii ) it ha taken all necessari corpor action on it part requir to author the execut and deliveri of thi agreement and the perform of it oblig hereund , and ( iii ) thi agreement ha been duli execut and deliv on behalf of such parti , and constitut a legal , valid , and bind oblig of such parti that is enforc against it in accord with it term , except as enforc may be affect by bankruptci , insolv or other similar law and by gener principl of equiti . 10.1.3 no conflict . the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement by it doe not ( i ) conflict with ani agreement , instrument or understand , oral or written , to which it is a parti and by which it may be bound or ( ii ) violat ani applic law . 10.1.4 all consent and approv obtain . except with respect to regulatori approv for the develop , manufactur or commerci of the product or as otherwis describ in thi agreement , ( i ) all necessari consent , approv and author of , and ( ii ) all notic to , and file by such parti with , all government author and other person requir to be obtain or provid by such parti as of the effect date in connect with the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement have been obtain and provid , except for those approv , if ani , not requir at the time of execut of thi agreement . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 10.2 addit represent , warranti and coven of xencor . xencor herebi repres , warrant and coven to aimmun that , as of the effect date : 10.2.1 xencor ha not file ani market author applic with a government author for the sale of the product . 10.2.2 xencor is the sole owner or license of the xencor patent exist as of the effect date . 10.2.3 there is no know-how that is own by or licens to xencor that is necessari in connect with the develop , manufactur , commerci or other use of the antibodi or product that is not in the control of xencor as the antibodi and product exist , and as be develop and manufactur , as of the effect date . 10.2.4 schedul 1.79 and schedul 1.81 , when taken togeth , set forth a true , complet and correct list of all patent control by xencor or it affili as of the effect date that relat to the antibodi or product and are necessari for develop , manufactur or commerci the antibodi or product . 10.2.5 to xencor ’ s knowledg , xencor ha compli with all applic law in all materi respect , includ ani disclosur requir , in connect with the file , prosecut and mainten of the xencor patent own by xencor . 10.2.6 other than as set forth in schedul 10.2.6 , [ ] the issu patent within the xencor patent are neither invalid nor unenforc . 10.2.7 no claim or demand of ani person ha been assert in write to xencor or it affili , or to xencor ’ s knowledg , it license or sublicense that challeng the right of xencor , it affili , license or sublicense to make , use , sell , exploit or licens the antibodi or product or to practic the xencor technolog . 10.2.8 neither xencor nor , to the knowledg of xencor , it affili , license , sublicense or subcontractor have receiv written notic of ani proceed pend befor or threaten by ani regulatori author with respect to the antibodi or product . 10.2.9 the upstream agreement is in full forc and effect and , to it knowledg , no fact or circumst exist that would give either parti to the upstream agreement the right to termin for the other parti ’ s materi breach thereof . 10.2.10 xencor ha not use in ani capac , in connect with it develop or manufactur of the product prior to the effect date ani person who ha been debar pursuant to section 306 of the fd & c act ( or similar applic law outsid of the u.s. ) , or who is the subject of a convict describ in such section . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 10.2.11 neither xencor nor it affili or , to the knowledg of xencor , it license , sublicense or subcontractor have made ani materi misstat in ani regulatori file with ani regulatori author with respect to the antibodi or product . 10.2.12 neither xencor nor , to the knowledg of xencor , it affili , license , sublicense or independ contractor have receiv ani notic or claim of noncompli with applic law relat to activ conduct by or facil use by , xencor , it affili , license , sublicense or independ contractor in connect with the develop or manufactur of antibodi or product , and xencor is not awar of ani reason basi for ani such notic or claim . 10.2.13 [ ] as of the effect date , neither the develop , manufactur nor commerci of antibodi in the licens field as the antibodi exist as of the effect date will infring or misappropri ani intellectu properti right of ani third parti . 10.2.14 to xencor ’ s knowledg , xencor ha disclos to aimmun all materi inform in it possess or control relat to the antibodi and product , and all such inform is accur in all materi respect . 10.2.15 neither xencor nor it affili have develop or commerci , and are not develop or commerci , either directli or through enabl ani third parti ( by licens , sublicens or other grant of right or perform of action ) , ani antibodi [ ] , other than the antibodi . 10.2.16 the follow variat of the antibodi are not requir to develop , manufactur and commerci the product in the licens field : ( i ) [ ] , ( ii ) [ ] , ( iii ) [ ] , ( iv ) [ ] , ( v ) [ ] , or ( vi ) [ ] . 10.3 addit represent , warranti and coven of aimmun . aimmun herebi repres , warrant and coven to xencor that , as of the effect date : 10.3.1 [ ] 10.3.2 aimmun and it affili ( a ) have not develop or commerci , and ( b ) are not develop or commerci , either directli or through enabl ani third parti , ani antibodi [ ] other than the antibodi and product pursuant to thi agreement . 10.3.3 as of the effect date , aimmun ha conduct due dilig in connect with the develop and manufactur of the product in the licens field . 10.4 disclaim . aimmun understand that the product is the subject of ongo clinic research and develop and that xencor can not ensur the safeti or use of the product or that the product will receiv regulatori approv . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 10.5 no other represent or warranti . except as expressli state in thi agreement , no represent or warranti whatsoev , whether express or impli , includ warranti of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , non-infring , or non-misappropri of third parti intellectu properti right , are made or given by or on behalf of a parti . except as expressli state in thi agreement , all represent and warranti , whether aris by oper of law or otherwis , are herebi expressli exclud . 10.6 complianc . 10.6.1 complianc with anti-corrupt law . in connect with thi agreement , each parti repres , warrant and coven to the other parti that it ha compli and will compli with all applic law ( includ anti-corrupt law ) and industri code deal with govern procur , conflict of interest , corrupt or briberi , includ , if applic , the u.s. foreign corrupt practic act of 1977 , as amend , and ani law enact to implement the organ of econom cooper and develop convent on combat briberi of foreign offici in intern busi transact . 10.6.2 prohibit conduct . in connect with thi agreement , each parti repres , warrant and coven to the other parti that it ha not made , offer , given , promis to give , or author , and will not make , offer , give , promis to give , or author , ani bribe , kickback , payment or transfer of anyth of valu , directli or indirectli , to ani person or to ani govern offici for the purpos of : ( i ) improperli influenc ani act or decis of the person or govern official; ( ii ) induc the person or govern offici to do or omit to do an act in violat of a law or otherwis requir duty; ( iii ) secur ani improp advantage; or ( iv ) induc the person or govern offici to improperli influenc the act or decis of ani organ , includ ani govern or govern instrument , in order to assist such parti in obtain or retain busi . articl 11 indemnif 11.1 indemnif by xencor . xencor herebi agre to save , indemnifi , defend and hold aimmun , it affili , and their respect director , offic , agent and employe harmless from and against ani and all loss , damag , liabil , cost and expens ( includ reason attorney ’ fee and expens ) ( collect , “ loss ” ) aris in connect with ani and all charg , complaint , action , suit , proceed , hear , investig , claim , demand , judgment , order , decre , stipul or injunct by a third parti ( each a “ claim ” ) result or otherwis aris from ( i ) ani breach by xencor of ani of it represent , warranti , coven or oblig pursuant to thi agreement , ( ii ) the develop , manufactur , commerci ( if applic , after the term ) or the perform of a clinic trial for the antibodi or product conduct by or on behalf of xencor ( or it affili , license ( other than aimmun and it affili and sublicense ) , sublicense , or independ contractor ) , prior to the effect date or after the term , provid that thi section ( ii ) is not intend to extend to strict liabil claim relat to the product , ( iii ) [ ] , and ( iv ) the neglig or will misconduct by xencor or it affili , license , sublicense or subcontractor or their respect offic , director , employe , agent or consult in perform ani oblig under thi agreement , in each case except to the extent that such loss are subject to indemnif by aimmun pursuant to section 11.2. sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 11.2 indemnif by aimmun . aimmun herebi agre to save , indemnifi , defend and hold xencor , it affili , and their respect director , agent and employe harmless from and against ani and all loss aris in connect with ani and all claim result or otherwis aris from ( i ) ani breach by aimmun of ani of it represent , warranti , coven or oblig pursuant to thi agreement , ( ii ) [ ] , ( iii ) the neglig or will misconduct by aimmun ( or it affili , sublicense , subcontractor , wholesal or distributor ) or their respect offic , director , employe , agent or consult in perform ani oblig under thi agreement , or ( iv ) the develop , manufactur , packag and label or commerci of the antibodi or a product hereund dure or after the term ( includ , for clariti , ani product liabil loss result therefrom ) by aimmun ( or it affili , sublicense , subcontractor , wholesal or distributor ) or their respect offic , director , employe , agent or consult , in each case except to the extent that such loss are subject to indemnif by xencor pursuant to section 11.1 . 11.3 indemnif procedur . 11.3.1 a parti believ that it is entitl to indemnif under , as applic , section 11.1 or section 11.2 ( an “ indemnifi parti ” ) shall give prompt written notif to the other parti ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) of the commenc of ani claim for which indemnif may be sought or , if earlier , upon the assert of ani such claim by a third parti ( it be understood and agre , howev , that the failur by an indemnifi parti to give notic of a claim as provid in thi section 11.3.1 shall not reliev the indemnifi parti of it indemnif oblig under thi agreement except and onli to the extent that such indemnifi parti is actual materi prejud as a result of such failur to give notic ) . within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after deliveri of such notif , the indemnifi parti may , upon written notic thereof to the indemnifi parti , assum control of the defens of such claim with counsel reason satisfactori to the indemnifi parti . if a parti believ that a claim present to it for indemnif is one as to which the parti seek indemnif is not entitl to indemnif under , as applic , section 11.1 or section 11.2 , it shall so notifi the parti seek indemnif . 11.3.2 if the indemnifi parti elect to assum the defens of such claim , the indemnifi parti may particip in such defens at it own expense; provid , that if the indemnifi parti reason conclud , base on advic from counsel , that the indemnifi parti and the indemnifi parti have conflict interest with respect to such claim , the indemnifi parti shall be respons for the reason fee and expens of counsel to the indemnifi parti sole in connect therewith . 11.3.3 the indemnifi parti shall keep the indemnifi parti advis of the statu of such claim and the defens thereof and shall consid recommend made by the indemnifi parti with respect thereto . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 11.3.4 the indemnifi parti shall not agre to ani settlement of such claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , which shall not be unreason withheld . the indemnifi parti shall not agre to ani settlement of such claim or consent to ani judgment in respect thereof that doe not includ a complet and uncondit releas of the indemnifi parti from all liabil with respect thereto or that impos ani liabil or oblig on the indemnifi parti or advers affect the indemnifi parti without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , which shall not be unreason withheld . 11.4 limit of liabil . neither parti shall be liabl to the other parti for ani lost profit , or ani special , consequenti , incident , or indirect damag aris from or relat to ani breach of thi agreement , regardless of ani notic of the possibl of such damag . notwithstand the forego , noth in thi section 11.4 is intend to or shall limit or restrict the indemnif right or oblig of ani parti under section 11.1 or 11.2 , or damag avail for a parti ’ s breach of confidenti oblig under articl 12 . 11.5 insur . aimmun shall procur and maintain insur , includ clinic trial insur and product liabil insur , adequ to cover it oblig hereund and which is consist with normal busi practic of prudent compani similarli situat at all time dure which the product is be clinic test in human subject or commerci distribut or sold by aimmun pursuant to thi agreement; provid , that ani such clinic trial insur coverag shall , prior to the first commerci sale of a product , in no event be less than [ ] dollar ( [ ] ) per loss occurr , and product liabil insur coverag shall , after such first commerci sale , in no event be less than [ ] dollar ( [ ] ) per loss occurr . it is understood that such insur shall not be constru to creat a limit of aimmun ’ s liabil with respect to it indemnif oblig under thi articl 11. aimmun shall provid xencor with written evid of such insur prior to commenc of thi agreement and upon expir of ani one coverag . aimmun shall provid xencor with written notic at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day prior to the cancel , nonrenew or materi chang in such insur or self-insur which materi advers affect the right of xencor hereund . articl 12 confidenti 12.1 confidenti inform . 12.1.1 the parti agre that dure the term , and for a period of [ ] ( [ ] ) year thereaft , a parti receiv confidenti inform of the other parti will ( x ) maintain in confid such confidenti inform to the same extent such parti maintain it own proprietari inform of similar kind and valu , and , in ani event , no less than a reason standard of care , ( y ) not disclos such confidenti inform to ani third parti without the prior written consent of the other parti , except as otherwis expressli permit below , and ( z ) not use such confidenti inform for ani purpos except those permit by thi agreement . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 as use herein , “ confidenti inform ” mean all know-how and other inform and materi receiv by either parti from the other parti or it affili pursuant to thi agreement . the forego oblig and the other oblig set forth in thi section 12.1 shall not appli with respect to ani portion of such confidenti inform which : ( a ) is publicli disclos by the disclos parti , either befor or after it becom known to the receiv party; ( b ) wa known to the receiv parti or ani or it affili , without ani oblig to keep it confidenti , prior to when it wa receiv from the disclos party; ( c ) is subsequ disclos to the receiv parti or ani of it affili by a third parti that is law in possess thereof without oblig to keep it confidential; ( d ) ha been publish by a third parti or otherwis enter the public domain through no fault of the receiv parti or ani of it affili in breach of thi agreement; or ( e ) ha been independ develop or acquir by the receiv parti or ani of it affili without the aid , applic or use of the disclos parti ’ s confidenti inform . 12.1.2 the receiv parti shall have the right to disclos ani confidenti inform provid by the other parti hereund if , in the reason opinion of the receiv parti ’ s legal counsel , such disclosur is necessari to compli with the term and condit of thi agreement , or the requir of ani law or rule impos by the u.s. secur and exchang commiss or ani secur exchang or other applic law , but onli to the extent of such necess or requirements; and no such disclosur shall caus ani such inform to ceas to be confidenti inform hereund , except to the extent such disclosur result in a public disclosur of such inform . where reason possibl , the receiv parti shall notifi the disclos parti of the receiv parti ’ s intent to make such disclosur of confidenti inform pursuant to the preced sentenc suffici prior to make such disclosur so as to allow the disclos parti adequ time to take whatev action the disclos parti may deem to be appropri to protect the confidenti of the confidenti inform . 12.1.3 except as set forth abov , each parti agre that it shall provid or permit access to confidenti inform of the other parti onli to ( i ) the receiv parti ’ s attorney , independ account and financi advisor for the sole purpos of enabl such attorney , independ account and financi advisor to provid advic to the receiv parti and ( ii ) the receiv parti ’ s affili , director , offic , employe , consult , advisor , actual or potenti acquir and permit subcontractor , sublicense and subdistributor , and to the director , offic , employe , consult , advisor and permit subcontractor , actual or potenti acquir , sublicense and subdistributor of such affili , who have a need to know such confidenti inform to assist the receiv parti with the sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 activ contempl or requir of it by thi agreement; provid that in each case the person to whom confidenti inform is be disclos is subject to oblig of confidenti and non-us with respect to such confidenti inform substanti similar to the oblig of confidenti and nonus of the receiv parti pursuant to thi section 12.1; and provid further , that each parti shall remain respons for ani failur by it attorney , independ account and financi advisor , affili , and it and it affili ’ respect director , offic , employe , consult , advisor , actual or potenti acquir and permit subcontractor , sublicense and subdistributor , to treat such confidenti inform as requir under thi section 12.1. for clariti , either parti may disclos without ani limit such parti ’ s u.s. feder incom tax treatment and the u.s. feder incom tax structur of the transact relat to such parti that are base on or deriv from thi agreement , as well as all materi of ani kind ( includ opinion , other tax analys , or a complet copi of thi agreement and ani amend thereto ) relat to such tax treatment or tax structur , except to the extent that nondisclosur of such matter is reason necessari in order to compli with applic secur law . 12.1.4 each parti acknowledg that a parti in breach of ani of it oblig under thi section 12.1 shall caus the non-breach parti irrepar harm , for which monetari damag will be an inadequ remedi . therefor , notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement in the event of ani such breach , the non-breach parti shall be entitl , in addit to ani other remedi avail to it under thi agreement , at law or in equiti , to injunct relief , includ an account for profit , specif perform of the term hereof and other equit relief for such breach , without the post of bond or other secur . 12.2 public . promptli after the effect date , the parti shall each issu the applic press releas in the form attach hereto as schedul 12.2 , with respect to thi agreement . subject to the forego , ani press releas or other public statement or disclosur regard the subject matter of thi agreement shall be subject to the express prior written consent of each of the parties; provid that a disclosur shall be permit without the other parti ’ s consent to the extent that it doe not contain inform beyond that includ in a prior disclosur approv in write by both parti . notwithstand the forego ani disclosur which is requir by applic law or the rule of the u.s. secur and exchang commiss or ani secur exchang , as reason advis by the disclos parti ’ s counsel , may be made without the prior consent of the other parti , although , prior to ani such legal requir disclosur by a parti , such parti shall use reason effort where practic to give the other parti reason notic and an opportun to comment on the propos disclosur . 12.3 secur file . in the event either parti propos to file with the u.s. secur and exchang commiss or the secur regul of ani state or other jurisdict under the secur act of 1933 , as amend , the secur exchang act of 1934 , as amend , or ani other applic secur law a registr statement or ani other disclosur document which describ or refer to thi agreement , such parti shall notifi the other parti of such intent and shall provid such other parti with a copi of relev portion of the propos file not less than [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day prior to such file ( or such shorter period of time as may be requir in the circumst , and ani revis to such sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 portion of the propos file a reason time prior to the file thereof ) , and shall use reason effort where practic to consid such comment to the extent consist with such parti ’ s disclosur oblig under applic secur law or rule of a secur exchang . 12.4 public . except for disclosur permit under thi agreement , if xencor , it affili , or it employe ( s ) or consult ( s ) wish to make a public or present specif to the product or which otherwis may reason contain know-how , or other intellectu properti , of aimmun , xencor must receiv written approv , not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay , from aimmun at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day prior to submiss for public or present . if aimmun , it affili , or it employe ( s ) or consult ( s ) wish to make a public specif to the product or which otherwis may reason contain xencor technolog , aimmun shall deliv to xencor a copi of the propos written public or an outlin of an oral disclosur at least [ ] ( [ ] ) day prior to submiss for public or present and reason consid ani comment of xencor thereon; provid that subject to section 12.1 through 12.3 , to the extent such public describ or is specif to xencor technolog , aimmun must receiv written approv , not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay , from xencor prior to submit such public to ani third parti . 12.5 use of name . except as otherwis set forth in thi agreement , neither parti shall use the name of the other parti in relat to thi transact in ani public announc , press releas or other public document without the written consent of such other parti , which consent shall not be unreason withheld; provid , howev , that subject to section 12.3 , either parti may use the name of the other parti in ani document file with ani regulatori author or government author , includ the secur and exchang commiss or the rule of ani secur exchang . 12.6 unauthor disclosur of confidenti inform . each parti shall have a respons plan in place for ani disclosur of confidenti inform that is not author or otherwis permit under thi agreement . such plan shall includ consider of , among other thing , notif , remedi and retriev . in the event that a parti becom awar of an unauthor disclosur of confidenti inform , then such parti shall notifi the other parti promptli in write . 12.7 prior cda . as of the effect date , the term of thi articl 12 shall supersed ani prior non-disclosur , secreci or confidenti agreement between the parti ( or their affili ) deal with the subject of thi agreement , includ the confidenti agreement between the parti date [ ] . ani inform disclos pursuant to ani such prior agreement shall be deem confidenti inform of the applic parti for purpos of thi agreement , to the extent that such inform wa deem to be “ proprietari inform ” under such prior agreement . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 articl 13 term and termin 13.1 term . thi agreement shall becom effect on the effect date and , unless earlier termin pursuant to thi articl 13 , shall remain in effect on a product-by-product and country-by-countri basi until the expir of the royalti term applic to such product and countri ( the “ term ” ) . upon expir of thi agreement with respect to a product in a countri , the licens grant to aimmun pursuant to thi agreement shall continu in full forc and effect on a fully-paid basi . 13.2 termin for breach . either parti may , without prejudic to ani other remedi avail to it at law or in equiti , termin thi agreement upon written notic to the other parti in the event that the other parti ( the “ breach parti ” ) shall have materi breach or default in the perform of ani of it oblig . the breach parti shall have sixti ( 60 ) day ( thirti ( 30 ) day in the event of non-pay ) after written notic thereof wa provid to the breach parti by the non-breach parti to remedi such default . unless the breach parti ha cure ani such breach or default prior to the expir of such sixti ( 60 ) day period ( thirti ( 30 ) day period for non-pay ) , such termin shall becom effect upon receipt of the written notic of termin by the breach parti to be given within ten ( 10 ) day of the end of such sixti ( 60 ) day period ( thirti ( 30 ) day period for non-pay ) . notwithstand the forego , in the event that aimmun as the breach parti ha materi breach or default in the perform of ani of it payment oblig under thi agreement a third time or more in ani three ( 3 ) year period , then xencor shall have the right to termin thi agreement immedi by provid written notic aimmun , without aimmun have opportun to cure such breach or default . 13.3 termin as a result of bankruptci . each parti shall have the right to termin thi agreement upon written notic as a result of the file or institut of bankruptci , reorgan , liquid or receivership proceed , or upon an assign of a substanti portion of the asset for the benefit of creditor by the other party; provid that such termin shall be effect onli if such proceed is not dismiss within nineti ( 90 ) day after the file thereof . 13.4 termin by aimmun . aimmun may termin thi agreement in it entireti at ani time for it conveni upon sixti ( 60 ) day ’ prior written notic to xencor . 13.5 termin by xencor . without limit of it right under thi articl 13 , xencor may also termin thi agreement in it entireti as applic , pursuant to the provis of section 9.7. articl 14 effect of expir or termin 14.1 licens . upon the termin of thi agreement : 14.1.1 all right and licens grant to aimmun hereund shall immedi termin and be of no further forc and effect and aimmun shall ceas develop , commerci , manufactur and packag and label such product in and for all applic countries; provid , that aimmun and it affili will be entitl , dure the period sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 end on the last day of the [ ] follow the effect date of such termin , to sell ani inventori of product affect by such termin that remain on hand as of the effect date of the termin , so long as aimmun pay to xencor all amount payabl hereund ( includ mileston ) applic to said subsequ sale , as applic , in accord with the term and condit set forth in thi agreement and otherwis compli with the term set forth in thi agreement . 14.1.2 aimmun herebi grant to xencor an exclus licens under and with respect to aimmun patent , and a non-exclus licens under and with respect to aimmun know-how , in each case , where such licens is an irrevoc , perpetu , royalty-bear licens , with the right to sublicens , to develop , manufactur and commerci the product ( s ) , as the product ( s ) exist as of the effect date of such termin , or optim version thereof that are product . for clariti , upon the termin of thi agreement , as consider for such licens grant under thi section 14.1.2 , xencor shall [ ] , and xencor shall be respons for [ ] ; provid further that xencor shall have the right to termin such licens and forgo pay such royalti at it sole discret upon written notic to aimmun . 14.2 assign . upon the termin of thi agreement , aimmun will promptli , in each case within [ ] ( [ ] ) day thereaft : ( a ) assign to xencor , [ ] , all of aimmun ’ s right , titl and interest in and to ani agreement ( or portion thereof ) between aimmun and third parti that relat to the develop , commerci or manufactur of the product , where such assign is permit without charg to aimmun or it affili and where xencor shall assum all futur payment due under ani agreement assign pursuant to thi subsection; ( b ) assign to xencor , [ ] , and subject to the execut of a standard trademark licens between the parti prior to such assign , all of aimmun ’ s right , titl and interest in and to ani ( i ) promot materi , ( ii ) copyright and trademark ( includ the product trademark and product trade dress ) , includ ani goodwil associ therewith , and ani registr and design patent for the forego , and ( iii ) ani internet domain name registr for such trademark and slogan , all to the extent sole relat to the product; provid , howev , in the event xencor exercis such right to have assign such promot materi , aimmun shall grant , and herebi doe grant , a royalty-fre right and licens to ani housemark , trademark , name and logo of aimmun contain therein for a period of [ ] ( [ ] ) month in order to use such promot materi sole in connect with the commerci of the product; ( c ) assign to xencor , [ ] , the manag and continu perform of ani clinic trial for the product ongo hereund as of the effect date of such termin in respect of which xencor shall assum full financi respons from and after the effect date of such termination; ( d ) transfer to xencor all of aimmun ’ s right , titl and interest in and to ani and all regulatori file , regulatori approv and other regulatori materi for the product; sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 ( e ) transfer to xencor all of aimmun ’ s right , titl and interest in and to ani and all development-rel data and commerci data control by aimmun for the product; and ( f ) provid a copi of ( i ) the materi tangibl embodi of the forego and ( ii ) ani other materi book , record , file and document control by aimmun sole to the extent relat to the product and which may be redact to exclud confidenti inform of aimmune; provid , howev , that to the extent that ani agreement or other asset describ in thi section 14.2 is not assign by aimmun ( whether becaus such agreement or asset is explicitli non-assign or becaus the third parti consent requir for such assign is not obtain ) , then such agreement or other asset will not be assign , and upon the request of xencor , aimmun will take such step as may be reason necessari to allow xencor to obtain and to enjoy the benefit of such agreement or other asset . for purpos of clariti , ( 1 ) [ ] and ( 2 ) to the extent xencor request [ ] . 14.3 disclosur and deliveri . upon the termin of thi agreement , aimmun will promptli transfer to xencor copi of ani physic embodi of ani aimmun know-how , to the extent then use in connect with the develop or commerci of the product; such transfer shall be effect by the deliveri of materi document , to the extent such aimmun know-how is embodi in such document , and to the extent that aimmun know-how is not fulli embodi in such document , aimmun shall make it employe and agent who have knowledg of such aimmun know-how in addit to that embodi in document avail to xencor for interview , demonstr and train to effect such transfer in a manner suffici to enabl xencor to practic such aimmun know-how but onli in a manner as set out as follow in thi section 14.3. the aimmun know- how shall be transfer pursuant to the procedur to transfer xencor know-how , regulatori materi , and regulatori data in section 2.7 appli mutati mutandi . 14.4 disposit of commerci relat materi . upon the termin of thi agreement , aimmun will promptli deliv to xencor in electron , sortabl form ( a ) a list identifi all wholesal and other distributor involv in the commerci of the product , will reason consid provid custom list ( e.g. , purchas ) , where permit under applic law and under applic agreement with third parti , at xencor ’ s expens , relat to the commerci of the product , and ( b ) all promot materi as well as ani item bear the product trademark or product trade dress and/or ani trademark or housemark otherwis associ with the product or xencor . 14.5 accru right . expir or termin thi agreement for ani reason will be without prejudic to ani right that will have accru to the benefit of a parti prior to the effect date of such expir or termin . such expir or termin will not reliev a parti from oblig that are expressli indic to surviv the expir or termin of thi agreement . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 14.6 surviv . notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain herein , the follow provis shall surviv ani expir or termin of thi agreement : articl : articl 1 ( to the extent necessari to give effect to the other surviv provis ) , articl 4 ( sole with respect to remain inventori of product that aimmun continu to sell after the effect date of termin ) , articl 7 ( with respect to amount accru prior to expir or termin of thi agreement ) , articl 11 , articl 12 ( for the period specifi in section 12.1.1 ) , articl 14 , articl 15 and articl 8 ( with respect to amount accru prior to expir or termin of thi agreement ) and section : 2.2.1 , 2.3 ( with respect to the applic parti be respons for it affili or sublicense , and the waiver ) , 2.4 , 9.1 , 10.2 ( for [ ] after the effect date of termin or expir ) , 10.3 ( for [ ] after the effect date of termin or expir ) , 10.4 , and 10.5. except as set forth in thi articl 14 or otherwis expressli set forth herein , upon expir or termin of thi agreement all other right and oblig of the parti shall ceas . 14.7 right in bankruptci . all right and licens grant under or pursuant to thi agreement by xencor and aimmun are , and shall otherwis be deem to be , for purpos of section 365 ( n ) of the u.s. bankruptci code , licens of right to “ intellectu properti ” as defin under section 101 of the u.s. bankruptci code . the parti agre that each parti , as license of certain right under thi agreement , shall retain and may fulli exercis all of it right and elect under the u.s. bankruptci code . the parti further agre that , in the event of the commenc of a bankruptci proceed by or against a parti ( such parti , the “ bankrupt parti ” ) under the u.s. bankruptci code , ( a ) the other parti shall be entitl to a complet duplic of ( or complet access to , as appropri ) ani intellectu properti licens to such other parti and all embodi of such intellectu properti , which , if not alreadi in such other parti ’ s possess , shall be promptli deliv to it ( x ) upon ani such commenc of a bankruptci proceed upon such other parti ’ s written request therefor , unless the bankrupt parti elect to continu to perform all of it oblig under thi agreement or ( y ) if not deliv under claus ( x ) , follow the reject of thi agreement by the bankrupt parti upon written request therefor by the other parti and ( b ) the bankrupt parti shall not unreason interfer with the other parti ’ s right to intellectu properti and all embodi of intellectu properti , and shall assist and not unreason interfer with the other parti in obtain intellectu properti and all embodi of intellectu properti from anoth entiti . the “ embodi ” of intellectu properti includ all tangibl , intang , electron or other embodi of right and licens hereund , includ all compound and product embodi intellectu properti , product , file with regulatori author and relat right and xencor know-how in the case that xencor is the bankrupt parti and aimmun know-how in the case aimmun is the bankrupt parti . articl 15 miscellan 15.1 disput . the parti recogn that , from time to time , disput , controversi or claim may aris which stem from or are relat to a parti ’ s respect right or oblig under thi agreement or a parti ’ s actual or alleg breach of thi agreement ( a “ disput ” ) . it is the desir of the parti to establish procedur to facilit the resolut of disput aris under thi agreement in an expedi manner by mutual cooper and without resort to sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 arbitr or litig . to accomplish thi object , the parti agre to follow the procedur set forth in thi section 15.1 if and when a disput aris under thi agreement . if the parti are unabl to resolv ani disput within [ ] ( [ ] ) day after such disput is submit to it , either parti may , by written notic to the other parti , have such disput refer to design offic of each parti for attempt resolut . in the event the design offic or their deleg are not abl to resolv such disput within such [ ] ( [ ] ) day period after receipt of written notic , then each parti is free to pursu ani remedi at law or in equiti avail to such parti consist with section 15.13 . 15.2 entir agreement; amend . thi agreement , togeth with the schedul and exhibit hereto , contain the entir understand of the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof . ani other express or impli agreement and understand , negoti , write and commit , either oral or written , in respect to the subject matter hereof are supersed by the term of thi agreement . the schedul and exhibit to thi agreement are incorpor herein by refer and shall be deem a part of thi agreement . thi agreement may be amend , or ani term hereof modifi , onli by a written instrument duli execut by author repres of each of the parti . 15.3 forc majeur . no parti shall be liabl for ani failur to perform , or be consid in breach of , it oblig under thi agreement ( other than oblig to make payment of money ) to the extent such perform ha been delay , interf with or prevent by an event of forc majeur , and the oblig of such parti under thi agreement ( other than oblig to make payment of money ) whose perform is affect by forc majeur shall be suspend dure , but not longer than , the continu of the event of forc majeur . ani parti that experi an event of forc majeur shall provid prompt notic of such event to the other parti , includ and an estim of the like period of time dure which it perform will be affect , and shall use reason effort to remov the condit constitut forc majeur . in the event of a prolong condit of forc majeur that make it unreason to continu to perform other activ then be perform by the parti and their affili pursuant to thi agreement , the parti shall consult directli as to whether they should appropri scale back their respect activ in order to avoid wast or inappropri usag of resourc under the circumst . 15.4 notic . ani notic requir or permit to be given under thi agreement shall be in write , shall specif refer to thi agreement and shall be deem to have been suffici given for all purpos if; mail by first class certifi or regist mail , postag prepaid ( which notic shall be effect [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day [ ] ) ; express deliveri servic ( which notic shall be effect on the first busi day after deliveri to such servic ) ; or person deliv to the appropri address ( which notic shall be effect upon deliveri to such address ) set forth below or to such other address or number for a parti as such parti may inform the other parti by give [ ] ( [ ] ) busi day ’ prior written notic : if to xencor : xencor , inc. 111 west lemon avenu monrovia , ca 91016 attent : gener counsel sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 with copi to ( which shall not constitut notic ) : xencor , inc. 111 west lemon avenu monrovia , ca 91016 attent : chief execut offic morgan , lewi & bockiu llp 1 market street , spear street tower san francisco , ca 94105 attent : benjamin pensak if to aimmun : aimmun therapeut , inc. 8000 marina boulevard suit 300 brisban , ca 94005 attent : gener counsel with copi to ( which shall not constitut notic ) : latham & watkin llp 140 scott drive menlo park , ca 94025 attent : patrick pohlen judith hasko 15.5 mainten of record . aimmun shall keep and maintain all record requir by applic law or regul ( includ record for intellectu properti protect purpos ) with respect to the antibodi and product and shall , upon xencor ’ s written request , allow xencor reason access to make copi of such record , at xencor ’ s expens . aimmun must maintain such record for the greater of [ ] ( [ ] ) year or the time period requir by applic law . 15.6 assign . neither parti may assign or transfer thi agreement or ani right or oblig hereund without the prior written consent of the other parti , except that a parti may make such an assign or transfer without the other parti ’ s written consent to ( a ) ani of it affili , in whole or in part , or ( b ) ani third parti in connect with ( i ) the acquisit of such parti by or merger or consolid of such parti with anoth entiti or ( ii ) a merger , consolid , sale of stock , sale of all or substanti all of such parti ’ s asset or other similar transact in which such third parti either becom the owner of all or substanti all of the busi and asset of ( y ) such parti or ( z ) that portion of such parti ’ s busi or busi unit relat to thi agreement . ani permit successor or assigne of right or oblig hereund shall , in a write deliv to the other parti , expressli assum the perform of such right or oblig . except as set forth in the immedi preced sentenc , in the event of an assign or transfer as permit abov in thi section 15.6 , the assign or transfer parti shall remain respons ( jointli and sever ) with such affili for the sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 perform of such assign or transfer oblig . ani assign or transfer , or attempt assign or transfer , by either parti in violat of the term of thi section 15.6 shall be null and void and of no legal effect . thi agreement shall be bind on , and inur to the benefit of , each parti , it successor and permit assign . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , in the event of ani permit assign , the intellectu properti right of the acquir parti and it affili ( if other than one of the parti to thi agreement ) shall not be includ in the technolog licens to the other parti hereund to the extent held by such acquir ( or it affili ) prior to such transact , or to the extent such technolog is develop outsid the scope of activ conduct with respect to the antibodi or product , unless the acquir parti practic such intellectu properti right of the acquir in connect with it perform of activ pursuant to thi agreement . 15.7 offset right . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , neither parti may , at ani time or for ani reason , offset ani payment due to the other parti or it affili under thi agreement . 15.8 sever . if ani one ( 1 ) or more of the provis of thi agreement is held to be invalid or unenforc by ani court of compet jurisdict from which no appeal can be or is taken , such provis shall be consid sever from thi agreement and shall not serv to invalid ani remain provis hereof . the parti shall make a good faith effort to replac ani invalid or unenforc provis with a valid and enforc one such that the object contempl by the parti when enter thi agreement may be realiz . 15.9 cumul remedi . no remedi refer to in thi agreement is intend to be exclus , but each shall be cumul and in addit to ani other remedi refer to in thi agreement or otherwis avail under applic law . 15.10 ambiguities; no presumpt . each of the parti acknowledg and agre that thi agreement ha been dilig review by and negoti by and between them , that in such negoti each of them ha been repres by compet counsel and that the final agreement contain herein , includ the languag wherebi it ha been express , repres the joint effort of the parti hereto and their counsel . accordingli , in interpret thi agreement or ani provis hereof , no presumpt shall appli against ani parti hereto as be respons for the word or draft of thi agreement or ani such provis , and ambigu , if ani , in thi agreement shall not be constru against ani parti , irrespect of which parti may be deem to have author the ambigu provis . 15.11 head . the head for each articl and section in thi agreement have been insert for conveni of refer onli and are not intend to limit or expand on the mean of the languag contain in the particular articl or section . 15.12 interpret . except where the context expressli requir otherwis , ( a ) the use of ani gender herein shall be deem to encompass refer to either or both gender , and the use of the singular shall be deem to includ the plural ( and vice versa ) , ( b ) the word “ includ ” , “ includ ” and “ includ ” shall be deem to be follow by the phrase “ without limit ” , ( c ) the word “ will ” shall be constru to have the same mean and effect as the sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 word “ shall ” , ( d ) ani definit of or refer to ani agreement , instrument or other document herein shall be constru as refer to such agreement , instrument or other document as from time to time amend , supplement or otherwis modifi ( subject to ani restrict on such amend , supplement or modif set forth herein ) , ( e ) ani refer herein to ani person shall be constru to includ the person ’ s successor and assign , ( f ) the word “ herein ” , “ hereof ” and “ hereund ” , and word of similar import , shall be constru to refer to thi agreement in it entireti and not to ani particular provis hereof , ( g ) all refer herein to articl , section , exhibit or schedul shall be constru to refer to articl , section , exhibit or schedul of thi agreement , and refer to thi agreement includ all exhibit and schedul hereto , ( h ) the word “ notic ” mean notic in write ( whether or not specif state ) and shall includ notic , consent , approv and other written commun contempl under thi agreement , ( i ) provis that requir that a parti or the parti hereund to “ agre ” , “ consent ” or “ approv ” or the like shall requir that such agreement , consent or approv be specif and in write , whether by written agreement , letter , approv minut or otherwis ( but exclud instant messag ) , ( j ) refer to ani specif law , rule or regul , or articl , section or other divis thereof , shall be deem to includ the then-curr amend thereto or ani replac or successor law , rule or regul thereof , and ( k ) the term “ or ” shall be interpret in the inclus sens commonli associ with the term “ and/or. ” 15.13 govern law and equit relief . 15.13.1 govern law . thi agreement shall be govern by and constru in accord with the intern law of the state of california applic to agreement made and to be perform entir within such state , without regard to the conflict of law principl of such state; provid that ani matter relat to the construct or effect of ani patent will be govern by the patent law of the relev jurisdict in which such patent is grant . thi agreement wa prepar in the english languag , which languag shall govern the interpret of , and ani disput regard , the term of thi agreement . 15.13.2 equit relief . notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , each parti shall have the right to seek injunct or other equit relief from a court of compet jurisdict that may be necessari to avoid irrepar harm or to maintain the statu quo . 15.13.3 jurisdict . each parti ( a ) irrevoc submit to the exclus jurisdict of ani unit state district court in california ( the “ court ” ) , for purpos of ani action , suit or other proceed aris out of thi agreement , ( b ) agre not to rais ani object at ani time to the lay or maintain of the venu of ani such action , suit or proceed in ani of such court , and ( c ) irrevoc waiv ani claim that such action , suit or other proceed ha been brought in an inconveni forum and further irrevoc waiv the right to object , with respect to such action , suit or other proceed , that such court doe not have ani jurisdict over such parti . each parti further agre that servic or ani process , summon , notic or document by u.s. regist mail to such parti ’ s notic address provid for in thi agreement shall be effect servic of process for ani action , suit or proceed in california with respect to ani matter to which it ha submit to jurisdict in thi section sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 15.13.3. notwithstand the forgo , noth contain in thi agreement will deni ani parti the right to seek injunct relief or other equit relief from a court of compet jurisdict appli the law of the court in the context of a bona fide emerg or prospect irrepar harm , and such an action may be file and maintain notwithstand ani other ongo proceed . 15.13.4 no waiver . ani delay in enforc a parti ’ s right under thi agreement or ani waiver as to a particular default or other matter shall not constitut a waiver of such parti ’ s right to the futur enforc of it right under thi agreement , except with respect to an express written and sign waiver relat to a particular matter for a particular period of time . 15.14 no third parti beneficiari . no person or entiti other than aimmun , xencor and their respect affili , successor and permit assigne hereund , shall be deem an intend beneficiari hereund or have ani right to enforc ani oblig of thi agreement . 15.15 independ contractor . it is expressli agre that aimmun and xencor shall be independ contractor and that the relationship between aimmun and xencor shall not constitut a partnership , joint ventur or agenc . neither aimmun nor xencor shall have the author to make ani statement , represent , or commit of ani kind , or to take ani action , which shall be bind on the other parti , without the prior written consent of such other parti . 15.16 counterparts; facsimil signatur . thi agreement may be execut in three ( 3 ) or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which togeth shall constitut one ( 1 ) and the same instrument . thi agreement may be execut by deliveri of electron scan copi of origin signatur deliv by facsimil or electron mail , and such signatur shall be deem to bind each parti as if they were origin signatur . [ no further text on thi page ] sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 in wit whereof , the parti have execut thi agreement by their duli author repres as of the date first written abov . aimmun therapeut , inc. xencor , inc. by : /s/ jayson dalla , m.d by : /s/ bassil dahiyat , ph.d. name : jayson dalla , m.d name : bassil dahiyat , ph.d. titl : presid & ceo titl : presid & ceo sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 schedul 1.10 antibodi omit pursuant to regul s-k , item 601 ( a ) ( 5 ) sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 schedul 1.79 xencor gener patent omit pursuant to regul s-k , item 601 ( a ) ( 5 ) sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 schedul 1.81 xencor product specif patent omit pursuant to regul s-k , item 601 ( a ) ( 5 ) sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 schedul 2.7 xencor know-how , regulatori materi , and regulatori data omit pursuant to regul s-k , item 601 ( a ) ( 5 ) sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 schedul 6.1 initi product suppli omit pursuant to regul s-k , item 601 ( a ) ( 5 ) sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 schedul 10.2.6 except omit pursuant to regul s-k , item 601 ( a ) ( 5 ) sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 schedul 12.2 initi press releas sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 distribut on wednesday , 2/5 8:01 am et for immedi releas aimmun licens exclus worldwid right to xencor ’ s xmab®7195 for the develop of next-gener food allergi treatment brisban , calif. – februari 5 , 2020 – aimmun therapeut , inc. ( nasdaq : aimt ) , a biopharmaceut compani develop treatment for potenti life-threaten food allergi , today announc it ha obtain an exclus worldwid licens to develop and commerci the investig human monoclon antibodi xmab®7195 from xencor , inc. xmab7195 , which ha been renam aimab7195 , wa origin develop by xencor for the treatment of allerg asthma . it use three distinct mechan of action to reduc blood serum ige and suppress ige-produc cell . aimmun initi plan to develop aimab7195 as an adjunct treatment with select character oral desensit immunotherapi ( codit™ ) program , includ palforzia™ , to explor treatment outcom in patient with food allergi . “ as we look to the futur of food allergi treatment , we are excit to explor the potenti of oral immunotherapi to achiev greater level of desensit – and perhap even remiss – when combin with adjunct biolog that target immun pathway , ” said jayson dalla , m.d. , presid and ceo of aimmun . “ in-licens aimab7195 demonstr our commit to enrich our pipelin and strengthen aimmun ’ s global leadership in the evolv therapeut landscap of food allergi treatments. ” “ aimmun ’ s focu , clinic success and regulatori expertis in food allergi demonstr their capabl to advanc aimab7195 with highli complementari codit pipelin program to creat new option for peopl live with food allergi , ” said bassil dahiyat , ph.d. , presid and ceo of xencor . “ aimab7195 is design to reduc level of ige , a key mediat of allerg respons , and there is strong scientif rational that thi reduct would synerg with the activ of desensit therapies. ” under the term of the agreement , aimmun will make an upfront payment to xencor of 5 million in cash and 5 million in equiti , equival to 156,238 newli issu share of aimmun common stock at 32.0025/share . xencor also is elig to receiv up to 385 million base on the achiev of certain clinic develop , regulatori and commerci mileston — begin with the initi of a phase 2 clinic trial — and is elig to receiv a high single-digit to mid-teen percentag of royalti upon commerci of aimab7195 . aimmun will be sole respons for cost relat to the develop of aimab7195 and plan to provid a develop plan in the come month . about aimab7195 ( formerli xmab®7195 ) aimab7195 is an anti-ig monoclon antibodi with enhanc bind to the fc gamma receptor iib ( fcyriib ) . ige recogn and interact with allergen and , as a result , can activ immun cell , such as mast cell and basophil , that drive an allerg respons sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 in patient . aimab7195 is design to clear ige rapidli from circul , to prevent the product of ige by prevent the activ of ige-posit b cell , and to block ige from interact with it receptor on immun cell . aimab7195 ha been evalu in two phase 1 studi that enrol more than 100 healthi volunt and patient with allergi and atop diseas . about aimmun aimmun therapeut , inc. is a biopharmaceut compani that aspir to becom the global leader in develop cur therapi and solut for patient with food allergi . with a mission to improv the live of peopl with food allergi , aimmun is develop and commerci oral treatment for potenti life-threaten food allergi . the compani ’ s character oral desensit immunotherapi ( codit™ ) approach is intend to provid meaning level of protect against allerg reaction result from accident exposur to food allergen by desensit patient with defin , precis amount of key allergen . aimmun ha one fda-approv medicin for peanut allergi and other investig therapi in develop to treat other food allergi . for more inform , pleas visit www.aimmune.com . forward-look statement statement contain in thi press releas regard matter that are not histor fact are “ forward-look statement ” within the mean of the privat secur litig reform act of 1995. becaus such statement are subject to risk and uncertainti , actual result may differ materi from those express or impli by such forward-look statement . such statement includ , but are not limit to , statement regard : aimmun ’ s expect regard the potenti benefit of aimab7195; and aimmun ’ s expect regard potenti applic of the codit™ approach to treat life-threaten food allergi . risk and uncertainti that contribut to the uncertain natur of the forward-look statement includ : the expect that aimmun will need addit fund to financ it operations; aimmun ’ s depend on the success of palforzia; aimmun ’ s relianc on third parti for the manufactur of aimab7195 , palforzia and other product candidates; possibl regulatori develop in the unit state and foreign countries; and aimmun ’ s abil to attract and retain senior manag personnel . these and other risk and uncertainti are describ more fulli in aimmun ’ s most recent file with the secur and exchang commiss , includ it quarterli report on form 10-q for the quarter end septemb 30 , 2019. all forward-look statement contain in thi press releas speak onli as of the date on which they were made . aimmun undertak no oblig to updat such statement to reflect event that occur or circumst that exist after the date on which they were made . thi press releas concern palforzia ( ar101 ) , which ha been approv for market by the fda in the unit state and ha not been approv for market by the ema or swissmed . ar101 in europ is current limit to investig use , and no represent is made as to it safeti or effect for the purpos for which it is be investig . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 aimab7195 tm , palforzia™ , aimmune™ , aimmun therapeutics™ and codit™ are trademark of aimmun therapeut , inc xencor® and xmab® are regist trademark of xencor , inc. contact : investor : dede sheel ( 917 ) 834-1494 dsheelaimmune.com media : juli normart ( 559 ) 974-3245 jnormartw2ogroup.com lauren barbiero ( 646 ) 564-2156 lbarbierow2ogroup.com sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 aimmun licens exclus worldwid right to xencor ’ s xmab®7195 for the develop of next-gener food allergi treatment monrovia , calif. – februari 5 , 2020 – xencor , inc. ( nasdaq : xncr ) , a clinical-stag biopharmaceut compani develop engin monoclon antibodi for the treatment of cancer and autoimmun diseas , announc it ha grant an exclus worldwid licens to develop and commerci the investig human monoclon antibodi xmab®7195 to aimmun therapeut , inc. xmab7195 , which ha been renam aimab7195 , wa origin develop by xencor for the treatment of allerg asthma . it use three distinct mechan of action to reduc blood serum ige and suppress ige-produc cell . aimmun initi plan to develop aimab7195 as an adjunct treatment with select character oral desensit immunotherapi ( codit™ ) program , includ palforzia™ , to explor treatment outcom in patient with food allergi . “ as we look to the futur of food allergi treatment , we are excit to explor the potenti of oral immunotherapi to achiev greater level of desensit – and perhap even remiss – when combin with adjunct biolog that target immun pathway , ” said jayson dalla , m.d. , presid and ceo of aimmun . “ in-licens aimab7195 demonstr our commit to enrich our pipelin and strengthen aimmun ’ s global leadership in the evolv therapeut landscap of food allergi treatments. ” “ aimmun ’ s focu , clinic success and regulatori expertis in food allergi demonstr their capabl to advanc aimab7195 with highli complementari codit pipelin program to creat new option for peopl live with food allergi , ” said bassil dahiyat , ph.d. , presid and ceo of xencor . “ aimab7195 is design to reduc level of ige , a key mediat of allerg respons , and there is strong scientif rational that thi reduct would synerg with the activ of desensit therapies. ” under the term of the agreement , aimmun will make an upfront payment to xencor of 5 million in cash and 5 million in equiti , equival to 156,238 newli issu share of aimmun common stock at 32.0025/share , the seven-day volum weight averag price . xencor also is elig to receiv up to 385 million base on the achiev of certain clinic develop , regulatori and commerci mileston – begin with the initi of a phase 2 clinic trial – and is elig to receiv a high single-digit to mid-teen percentag of royalti upon commerci of aimab7195 . aimmun will be sole respons for cost relat to the develop of aimab7195 and plan to provid a develop plan in the come month . about aimab7195 ( formerli xmab®7195 ) aimab7195 is an anti-ig monoclon antibodi with enhanc bind to the fc gamma receptor iib ( fcyriib ) . ige recogn and interact with allergen and , as a result , can activ immun cell , such as mast cell and basophil , that drive an allerg respons in patient . aimab7195 is design to clear ige rapidli from circul , to prevent the product of ige by prevent the activ of ige-posit b cell , and to block ige from interact with it receptor on immun cell . aimab7195 ha been evalu in two phase 1 studi that enrol more than 100 healthi volunt and patient with allergi and atop diseas . sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020 about xencor , inc. xencor is a clinical-stag biopharmaceut compani develop engin monoclon antibodi for the treatment of cancer and autoimmun diseas . current , 15 candid engin with xencor ’ s xmab® technolog are in clinic develop intern and with partner . xencor ’ s xmab antibodi engin technolog enabl small chang to the structur of monoclon antibodi result in new mechan of therapeut action . for more inform , pleas visit www.xencor.com . forward-look statement statement contain in thi press releas regard matter that are not histor fact are forward-look statement within the mean of applic secur law , includ , but not limit to , the quotat from the chief execut offic of xencor and aimmun and ani expect relat to the potenti benefit of aimab7195; it clinic develop , synergi with codit™ program and efficacy; regulatori approval; or commerci . such statement involv known and unknown risk , uncertainti and other factor that may caus actual result , perform or achiev and the time of event to be materi differ from those impli by such statement , and therefor these statement should not be read as guarante of futur perform or result . such risk includ , without limit , the risk associ with the process of discov , develop , manufactur and commerci drug that are safe and effect for use as human therapeut and other risk describ in xencor ’ s public secur file . for a discuss of these and other factor , pleas refer to xencor ’ s annual report on form 10-k for the year end decemb 31 , 2018 as well as xencor ’ s subsequ file with the secur and exchang commiss . all forward-look statement are base on xencor ’ s current inform and belief as well as assumpt made by xencor . you are caution not to place undu relianc on these forward-look statement , which speak onli as of the date hereof . thi caution is made under the safe harbor provis of the privat secur litig reform act of 1995. all forward-look statement are qualifi in their entireti by thi cautionari statement and xencor undertak no oblig to revis or updat thi press releas to reflect event or circumst after the date hereof , except as requir by law . aimab7195™ , palforzia™ , aimmune™ , aimmun therapeutics™ and codit™ are trademark of aimmun therapeut , inc xencor® and xmab® are regist trademark of xencor , inc. contact charl lile 626-737-8118 clilesxencor.com media contact jason i. spark canal commun 619-849-6005 jasoncanalecomm.com sourc : aimmun therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 2/5/2020