exhibit 10.18 confidenti execut copi certain confidenti inform contain in thi document , mark by [ ] , ha been omit becaus it is both not materi and would be competit harm if publicli disclos . develop and option agreement between harpoon therapeut , inc. and abbvi biotechnolog ltd date as of novemb 20 , 2019 sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 tabl of content articl 1 definit articl 2 collabor manag 2.1 joint govern committe . 2.2 gener provis applic to the jgc . 2.3 discontinu of the jgc . 2.4 interact between the jgc and intern team . 2.5 cmc work group . 2.6 work group . 2.7 expens . articl 3 develop and regulatori 3.1 initi develop plan and activ . 3.2 abbvi option . 3.3 [ ] . 3.4 post-exercis develop activ . 3.5 suppli of technolog for develop purpos . 3.6 expens and invoic . 3.7 subcontract . 3.8 regulatori matter . articl 4 commerci 4.1 in gener . 4.2 commerci dilig . 4.3 book of sales; distribut . 4.4 product trademark . 4.5 commerci suppli of licens compound or licens product . articl 5 grant of right 5.1 grant to abbvi . 5.2 grant to harpoon . 5.3 sublicens . 5.4 distributorship . 5.5 co-promot right . 5.6 retent of right . 5.7 confirmatori patent licens . 5.8 exclus with respect to the territori . 5.9 in-licens agreement . articl 6 payment and record 6.1 upfront payment . 6.2 develop and regulatori mileston . 6.3 first commerci sale mileston . 6.4 sales-bas mileston . 6.5 royalti . 6.6 royalti payment and report . 6.7 mode of payment; offset . 6.8 withhold tax . sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 6.9 indirect tax . 6.10 interest on late payment . 6.11 audit . 6.12 audit disput . 6.13 confidenti . 6.14 [ ] 6.15 no other compens . articl 7 intellectu properti 7.1 ownership of intellectu properti . 7.2 mainten and prosecut of patent . 7.3 enforc of patent . 7.4 infring claim by third parti . 7.5 invalid or unenforc defens or action . 7.6 product trademark . 7.7 intern nonproprietari name . 7.8 inventor 's remuner . 7.9 common interest . articl 8 pharmacovigil and safeti 8.1 pharmacovigil . 8.2 global safeti databas . articl 9 confidenti and non- disclosur 9.1 product inform . 9.2 confidenti oblig . 9.3 permit disclosur . 9.4 use of name . 9.5 public announc . 9.6 public . 9.7 return of confidenti inform . 9.8 surviv . articl 10 represent and warranti 10.1 mutual represent and warranti . 10.2 addit represent and warranti of harpoon . 10.3 coven of harpoon . 10.4 coven of abbvi . 10.5 disclaim of warranti . articl 11 indemn 11.1 indemnif of harpoon . 11.2 indemnif of abbvi . 11.3 notic of claim . 11.4 control of defens . 11.5 special , indirect , and other loss . 11.6 insur . articl 12 term and termin 12.1 term . - ii - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 12.2 termin for materi breach . 12.3 addit termin right by abbvi . 12.4 termin for insolv . 12.5 right in bankruptci . 12.6 termin in entireti . 12.7 revers of harpoon product . 12.8 termin of termin territori . 12.9 remedi . 12.10 accru rights; surviv oblig . articl 13 miscellan 13.1 forc majeur . 13.2 chang in control of harpoon . 13.3 export control . 13.4 assign . 13.5 sever . 13.6 govern law , jurisdict and servic . 13.7 disput resolut . 13.8 notic . 13.9 entir agreement; amend . 13.10 english languag . 13.11 equit relief . 13.12 waiver and non-exclus of remedi . 13.13 no benefit to third parti . 13.14 further assur . 13.15 relationship of the parti . 13.16 perform by affili . 13.17 counterparts; facsimil execut . 13.18 refer . 13.19 schedul . 13.20 construct . schedul schedul 1.84 initi develop plan schedul 1.99 licens compound schedul 3.7 pre-approv third parti provid schedul 10.2 disclosur schedul schedul 10.2.1 exist patent schedul 13.7.3 arbitr - iii - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 develop and option agreement thi develop and option agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into effect as of novemb 20 , 2019 ( the “ effect date ” ) by and between harpoon therapeut , inc. , a delawar corpor ( “ harpoon ” ) , and abbvi biotechnolog ltd , a bermuda corpor ( “ abbvi ” ) . harpoon and abbvi are sometim refer to herein individu as a “ parti ” and collect as the “ parties. ” recit wherea , harpoon control ( as defin herein ) certain intellectu properti right with respect to the licens compound ( as defin herein ) and licens product ( as defin herein ) in the territori ( as defin herein ) ; and wherea , harpoon wish to grant an option to a licens to abbvi , and abbvi wish to take , such option to a licens under such intellectu properti right to develop and commerci licens product in the territori , in each case in accord with the term and condit set forth below . now , therefor , in consider of the premis and the mutual promis and condit hereinaft set forth , and other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti , intend to be legal bound , do herebi agre as follow : articl 1 definit unless otherwis specif provid herein , the follow term shall have the follow mean : 1.1 “ abbvi ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl hereto . 1.2 [ ] ha the mean set forth in [ ] 1.3 [ ] ha the mean set forth in [ ] . 1.4 [ ] ha the mean set forth in [ ] 1.5 [ ] ha the mean set forth in [ ] . 1.6 “ abbvi [ ] right ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.9.2 . 1.7 “ abbvi indemnite ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.2 . 1.8 “ abbvi know-how ” mean all inform that is ( a ) control by abbvi or ani of it affili dure the term , ( b ) develop or acquir by abbvi or ani of it affili dure the term as a result of perform under thi agreement , ( c ) not gener known and ( d ) necessari or reason use for the exploit of the licens compound or a licens product , but exclud ani joint know-how or inform publish in ani abbvi patent or joint patent . 1.9 “ abbvi patent ” mean all of the patent that ( a ) are control by abbvi or ani of it affili dure the term , ( b ) claim invent made or conceiv by or on behalf of abbvi or ani of it affili dure the term as a result of perform under thi agreement , and ( c ) are necessari or reason use ( or , with respect to patent applic , would be necessari or reason use if such sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 patent applic were to issu as patent ) for the exploit of the licens compound or a licens product , but exclud ani joint patent . 1.10 “ abbvi revers ip ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.7.1 . 1.11 “ abbvi withhold tax action ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.8.2 . 1.12 “ accept ” mean , with respect to a drug approv applic , receipt of written notic from the applic regulatori author indic that such drug approv applic ha been accept for file and further review . 1.13 “ account standard ” mean , with respect to a parti , that such parti shall maintain record and book of account in accord with unit state gener accept account principl . 1.14 “ acquisit ” mean , with respect to a parti , a merger , acquisit ( whether of all of the stock or all or substanti all of the asset of a person or ani oper or busi divis of a person ) or similar transact by or with the parti , other than a chang in control of the parti . 1.15 “ advers rule ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.2.1 . 1.16 “ affili ” mean , with respect to a parti , ani person that , directli or indirectli , through one ( 1 ) or more intermediari , control , is control by or is under common control with such parti . for purpos of thi definit , “ control ” and , with correl mean , the term “ control by ” and “ under common control with ” mean ( a ) the possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct the manag or polici of a person , whether through the ownership of vote secur , by contract relat to vote right or corpor govern , or otherwise; or ( b ) the ownership , directli or indirectli , of more than fifti percent ( 50 ) of the vote secur or other ownership interest of a person ( or , with respect to a limit partnership or other similar entiti , it gener partner or control entiti ) . the parti acknowledg that in the case of certain entiti organ under the law of certain countri outsid of the unit state , the maximum percentag ownership permit by law for a foreign investor may be less than fifti percent ( 50 ) , and that in such case such lower percentag shall be substitut in the preced sentenc , provid that such foreign investor ha the power to direct the manag or polici of such entiti . 1.17 “ agreement ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl hereto . 1.18 “ allianc manag ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.2.5 . 1.19 “ applic law ” mean feder , state , local , nation and supra-n law , statut , rule , and regul , includ ani rule , regul , regulatori guidelin , or other requir of the regulatori author , major nation secur exchang or major secur list organ , that may be in effect from time to time dure the term and applic to a particular activ or countri or other jurisdict hereund . 1.20 “ audit expert ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.12 . 1.21 “ bankruptci code ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.5.1 . 1.22 “ bcma ” mean that specif protein known as b-cell matur antigen or tumor necrosi factor receptor superfamili member 17 ( tnfrsf17 ) or cd269 in addit to ani other known alias [ ] . - 2 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.23 “ biosimilar applic ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.3.3 . 1.24 “ biosimilar product ” mean , with respect to a particular licens product in a particular countri , a biolog product that is ( a ) substanti similar to or interchang with such licens product , such that the applic for a bla for such biolog product submit to the applic regulatori author reli in whole or in part on a prior bla grant to such licens product ( includ ani applic for such biolog product submit under section 351 ( k ) of the phsa or successor law , or other analog applic law , cite the licens product as the refer product ) , or ( b ) determin by the applic regulatori author to be interchang with such licens product , as set forth at 42 u.s.c . § 262 ( k ) ( 4 ) or successor law , or other analog applic law outsid of the unit state . a biolog product licens under the same bla as the licens product will not constitut a biosimilar product . 1.25 “ bla ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ drug approv application. ” 1.26 “ board of director ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ chang in control. ” 1.27 “ breach parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.2.1 . 1.28 “ busi day ” mean a day other than a saturday or sunday on which bank institut in new york , new york are open for busi . 1.29 “ calendar quarter ” mean each success period of three ( 3 ) calendar month commenc on januari 1 , april 1 , juli 1 and octob 1 , except that the first calendar quarter of the term shall commenc on the effect date and end on the day immedi prior to the first to occur of januari 1 , april 1 , juli 1 or octob 1 after the effect date , and the last calendar quarter shall end on the last day of the term . 1.30 “ calendar year ” mean each success period of twelv ( 12 ) calendar month commenc on januari 1 and end on decemb 31 , except that the first calendar year of the term shall commenc on the effect date and end on decemb 31 of the year in which the effect date occur and the last calendar year of the term shall commenc on januari 1 of the year in which the term end and end on the last day of the term . 1.31 “ chang in control , ” with respect to a parti , shall be deem to have occur if ani of the follow occur after the effect date : 1.31.1 ani “ person ” or “ group ” ( as such term are defin below ) ( a ) is or becom the “ benefici owner ” ( as defin below ) , directli or indirectli , of share of capit stock or other interest ( includ partnership interest ) of such parti then outstand and normal entitl ( without regard to the occurr of ani conting ) to vote in the elect of the director , manag or similar supervisori posit ( “ vote stock ” ) of such parti repres fifti percent ( 50 ) or more of the total vote power of all outstand class of vote stock of such parti or ( b ) ha the power , directli or indirectli , to elect a major of the member of the parti ’ s board of director , or similar govern bodi ( “ board of director ” ) ; exclud in each case ( subclaus ( a ) and ( b ) ) [ ] ; or 1.31.2 such parti enter into a merger , consolid or similar transact with anoth person ( whether or not such parti is the surviv entiti ) and as a result of such merger , consolid or similar transact ( a ) the member of the board of director of such parti immedi prior to such transact constitut less than a major of the member of the board of director of such parti or such surviv person immedi follow such transact or ( b ) the person that benefici own , directli - 3 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 or indirectli , the share of vote stock of such parti immedi prior to such transact ceas to benefici own , directli or indirectli , share of vote stock of such parti repres at least a major of the total vote power of all outstand class of vote stock of the surviv person in substanti the same proport as their ownership of vote stock of such parti immedi prior to such transaction; or 1.31.3 such parti sell or transfer to ani third parti , in one ( 1 ) or more relat transact , properti or asset repres all or substanti all of such parti ’ s asset to which thi agreement relates; or 1.31.4 the holder of capit stock of such parti approv a plan or propos for the liquid or dissolut of such parti . for the purpos of thi definit of chang in control , ( a ) “ person ” and “ group ” have the mean given such term under section 13 ( d ) and 14 ( d ) of the unit state secur exchang act of 1934 and the term “ group ” includ ani group act for the purpos of acquir , hold or dispos of secur within the mean of rule 13d-5 ( b ) ( 1 ) under the said act; ( b ) a “ benefici owner ” shall be determin in accord with rule 13d-3 under the aforesaid act; and ( c ) the term “ benefici own ” and “ benefici own ” shall have mean correl to that of “ benefici owner. ” 1.32 [ ] 1.33 “ clinic data ” mean [ ] inform with respect to ani licens compound or licens product and made , collect , or otherwis gener under or in connect with clinic studi , includ ani data ( includ raw data ) , report , and result with respect thereto . 1.34 “ clinic studi ” mean phase 0 , phase i , phase ii , phase iii , and such other test and studi in human subject that are requir by applic law , or otherwis recommend by the regulatori author , to obtain or maintain regulatori approv for a licens product for one ( 1 ) or more indic , includ test or studi that are intend to expand the product label for such licens product with respect to such indic . 1.35 “ cmc ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ initi develop plan. ” 1.36 “ cmc work group ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.5 . 1.37 “ combin product ” mean a licens product that is : ( a ) sold in the form of a combin product contain both a licens compound and one ( 1 ) or more other therapeut activ pharmaceut or biolog products; or ( b ) sold in a form that contain ( or is sold bundl with ) ani ( i ) diagnost product or ( ii ) other product that is administ separ from the licens product , in both case ( subclaus ( a ) and ( b ) ) sold as a unit at a singl price and exclud ani deliveri system . 1.38 “ commerci ” mean ani and all activ direct to the prepar for sale of , offer for sale of , or sale of a licens compound or licens product , includ activ relat to market , promot , distribut , import and export such licens compound or licens product , and interact with regulatori author regard ani of the forego . when use as a verb , “ to commerci ” and “ commerci ” mean to engag in commerci , and “ commerci ” ha a correspond mean . 1.39 “ commerci reason effort ” mean with respect to [ ] . - 4 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.40 [ ] 1.41 “ competitor ” mean ani person that [ ] , or ( b ) that [ ] . 1.42 “ confidenti inform ” mean ani inform provid oral , visual , in write or other form by or on behalf of one ( 1 ) parti ( or an affili or repres of such parti ) to the other parti ( or to an affili or repres of such other parti ) in connect with thi agreement , whether prior to , on , or after the effect date , includ inform relat to the term of thi agreement , the licens compound or ani licens product ( includ the regulatori document and regulatori data ) , ani exploit of the licens compound or ani licens product , ani know-how with respect thereto develop by or on behalf of the disclos parti or it affili , or the scientif , regulatori or busi affair or other activ of either parti . notwithstand the forego , ( a ) joint know-how shall be deem to be the confidenti inform of both parti , and both parti shall be deem to be the receiv parti and the disclos parti with respect thereto , and ( b ) follow the licens option exercis close date , all regulatori document own by abbvi pursuant to section 3.8.2 shall be deem to be the confidenti inform of abbvi , and abbvi shall be deem to be the disclos parti and harpoon shall be deem to be the receiv parti with respect thereto . in addit , all inform disclos by harpoon to abbvi under the prior nda shall be deem to be harpoon ’ s confidenti inform disclos hereund , and all inform disclos by abbvi inc. to harpoon under the prior nda shall be deem to be abbvi ’ s confidenti inform disclos hereund . - 5 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.43 “ control ” mean , with respect to ani item of inform , regulatori document , materi , patent , or other properti right , the possess of the right , whether directli or indirectli , and whether by ownership , licens or otherwis ( other than by oper of the licens and other grant in section 5.1 or 5.2 ) , to grant a licens , sublicens or other right ( includ the right to refer regulatori document ) to or under such inform , regulatori document , materi , patent , or other properti right as provid for herein without violat the term of ani agreement or other arrang with ani third parti . “ control ” ha a correspond mean . 1.44 “ csr notif date ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.6.3 ( e ) . 1.45 “ default notic ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.2.1 . 1.46 “ deliveri system ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ net sales. ” 1.47 “ develop ” mean all activ relat to pre-clin and other non-clin test , test method develop and stabil test , toxicolog , formul , process develop , manufactur scale-up , qualif and valid , qualiti assurance/qu control , clinic studi , includ manufactur in support thereof , statist analysi and report write , the prepar and submiss of drug approv applic , regulatori affair with respect to the forego and all other activ necessari or reason use or otherwis request or requir by a regulatori author as a condit or in support of obtain or maintain a regulatori approv . when use as a verb , “ develop ” mean to engag in develop . for purpos of clariti , develop shall includ ani submiss and activ requir in support thereof , requir by applic law or a regulatori author as a condit or in support of obtain a price or reimburs approv for an approv licens product . 1.48 “ develop report review deadlin ” mean [ ] follow the initi deliveri of ani [ ] , as applic . 1.49 “ disput ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.7 . 1.50 “ distributor ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.4 . 1.51 “ divestitur ” mean , with respect to a parti , ( a ) the divestitur [ ] through [ ] or [ ] with respect to [ ] ( for clariti , the [ ] for ani such divestitur ) , or ( b ) [ ] . when use as a verb , “ divest ” and “ divest ” mean to caus a divestitur . 1.52 “ dollar ” or “ ” mean unit state dollar . 1.53 “ drug approv applic ” mean a biolog licens applic ( a “ bla ” ) as defin in the phsa , or ani correspond foreign applic in the territori , includ , with respect to the european union , a market author applic ( a “ maa ” ) file with the ema or with the applic regulatori author of a countri in europ with respect to the mutual recognit or ani other nation approv procedur . - 6 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.54 “ [ ] ” mean the [ ] by harpoon to abbvi within [ ] follow harpoon ’ s receipt of written notic from abbvi pursuant to [ ] prior to the date of abbvi ’ s receipt of the [ ] . 1.55 “ effect date ” mean the effect date of thi agreement as set forth in the preambl hereto . 1.56 “ ema ” mean the european medicin agenc and ani successor agenc ( i ) or author have substanti the same function . 1.57 “ european major market ” mean each of [ ] . 1.58 “ european union ” or “ e.u. ” mean the econom , scientif , and polit organ of member state known as the european union , as it membership may be alter from time to time , and ani successor thereto . 1.59 “ exist patent ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.2.1 . 1.60 “ exploit , ” “ exploit ” or “ exploit ” mean to make , have made , import , export , use , sell , or offer for sale , includ to develop , commerci , regist , modifi , enhanc , improv , manufactur , have manufactur , hold , or keep ( whether for dispos or otherwis ) , formul , optim , have use , export , transport , distribut , promot , market , have sold or otherwis dispos of . 1.61 “ fda ” mean the unit state food and drug administr and ani successor agenc ( i ) or author have substanti the same function . 1.62 “ ffdca ” mean the unit state feder food , drug , and cosmet act , 21 u.s.c . § 301 et seq. , as amend from time to time , togeth with ani rule , regul and requir promulg thereund ( includ all addit , supplement , extens , and modif thereto ) . 1.63 “ field ” mean all human and non-human diagnost , prophylact , and therapeut use . 1.64 “ final develop report ” mean the final written data packag deliv by harpoon to abbvi in accord with section 3.1.3 , after the complet of all activ under the initi develop plan , includ , for clariti , [ ] , and compris of the [ ] . the final develop report shall includ [ ] . - 7 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.65 “ first commerci sale ” mean , with respect to a licens product and a countri , the first sale for monetari valu for use or consumpt by the end user of such licens product in such countri after regulatori approv for such licens product ha been obtain in such countri . [ ] shall not be constru as a first commerci sale . 1.66 “ harpoon ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl hereto . 1.67 “ harpoon in-licens agreement ” mean [ ] agreement between harpoon and a third parti under which abbvi is grant a sublicens or other right under thi agreement as provid in section 5.9 . 1.68 “ harpoon indemnite ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.1 . 1.69 “ harpoon know-how ” mean all inform that is ( a ) control by harpoon or ani of it affili as of the effect date or at ani time dure the term , ( b ) not gener known and ( c ) necessari or reason use for the exploit of ani licens compound or ani licens product , but exclud ani joint know-how or inform publish in ani ( i ) harpoon patent or ( ii ) joint patent . 1.70 “ harpoon patent ” mean all of the patent that are ( a ) control by harpoon or ani of it affili as of the effect date or at ani time dure the term and ( b ) necessari or reason use ( or , with respect to patent applic , would be necessari or reason use if such patent applic were to issu as patent ) for the exploit of ani licens compound or ani licens product , but exclud joint patent . the harpoon patent includ the exist patent . 1.71 [ ] ha the mean set forth in [ ] . 1.72 “ harpoon revers product ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.6.1 . 1.73 “ hsr act ” mean the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improv act of 1976 , as amend . 1.74 “ hsr file ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.2.4 ( b ) . 1.75 “ in-licens patent ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.2.3 . 1.76 “ ind ” mean an applic file with a regulatori author for author to commenc clinic studi , includ ( a ) an investig new drug applic as defin in the ffdca or ani successor applic or procedur file with the fda , ( b ) ani equival thereof in other countri or regulatori jurisdict , ( e.g. , a clinic trial applic ( cta ) in the european union ) and ( c ) all supplement , amend , variat , extens and renew thereof that may be file with respect to the forego . 1.77 “ indemnif claim notic ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.3 . 1.78 “ indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.3 . 1.79 “ indic ” mean , with respect to a licens product , a use to which such licens product is intend to be put for the treatment , prevent , mitig , cure or diagnosi of a recogn diseas - 8 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 or condit , or of a manifest of a recogn diseas or condit , or for the relief of symptom associ with a recogn diseas or condit , in each case for ani size patient popul , which , if such licens product is approv in the u.s. , would be reflect in the “ indic and usag ” section of label pursuant to 21 c.f.r . §201.57 ( c ) ( 2 ) or , to the extent applic , ani compar label section outsid the u.s. , subject to the follow : ( a ) subtyp of the same diseas or condit are not addit indic for such licens product; ( b ) differ symptom domain or domain of impair of the same diseas or condit are not addit indic for such licens product; ( c ) the approv use of such licens product for such diseas in differ combin or co-therapi of treatment are not addit indic for such licens product ( e.g. , monotherapi vs. add-on or combin therapi with anoth agent in the same diseas ) ; ( d ) treatment , prevent and cure of the same diseas or the same diseas subtyp with such licens product are not addit indic for such licens product; ( e ) the approv use of such licens product for such diseas in a differ line of treatment or a differ tempor posit in a treatment algorithm for the same diseas or condit are not addit indic for such licens product ( e.g. , first line vs. second line therapi in the same diseas or condit ) ; and ( f ) treatment of the same diseas or condit with such licens product in an expand , modifi or addit patient popul are not addit indic for such licens product . 1.80 “ indirect tax ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.9 . 1.81 [ ] 1.82 “ inform ” mean all inform of a technic , scientif , busi and other natur , includ know-how , technolog , mean , method , process , practic , formula , instruct , skill , techniqu , procedur , experi , idea , technic assist , design , draw , assembl procedur , comput program , apparatus , specif , data , result and other materi , regulatori data , and other biolog , chemic , pharmacolog , toxicolog , pharmaceut , physic and analyt , pre- clinic , clinic , safeti , manufactur and qualiti control data and inform , includ studi design and protocol , reagent ( includ all physic materi in connect with ani of the forego such as plasmid , protein , cell line , assay , materi gener in connect with ani cmc activ and compound ) and biolog methodology; in each case ( whether or not confidenti , proprietari , patent or patent , of commerci advantag or not ) in written , electron or ani other form now known or hereaft develop . 1.83 “ initi develop activ ” mean ani and all develop activ set forth in the initi develop plan to be perform by harpoon ( or , pursuant to section 3.1.2 , abbvi ) in order to advanc the licens compound and licens product to the point of readi to commenc [ ] ( or to proceed directli to pivot clinic trial , if applic ) and ultim support the file of drug approv applic and obtain regulatori approv for a licens product in the field in the territori . 1.84 “ initi develop plan ” mean a develop plan for the licens compound and licens product set forth ( a ) in reason detail all develop and regulatori activ to be perform by harpoon with respect to the licens compound and licens product through complet of the phase i/ib trial , includ relat activ as applic ( but , for clariti , except with respect to [ ] ) , ( b ) all clinic data and other inform requir to be deliv to abbvi pursuant to section 1.112 in order for abbvi to determin whether to exercis the licens option , and ( c ) all inform to be includ in the final develop report ( i.e . as a result of - 9 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 activ conduct after the deliveri of the opt-in develop report ) , which initi develop plan is attach as schedul 1.84 , as the same may be amend from time to time in accord with the term hereof . 1.85 “ initi ” or “ initi ” mean , with respect to a clinic studi , the first dose of the first human subject in such clinic studi . 1.86 “ intellectu properti ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.5.1 . 1.87 “ joint govern committe ” or “ jgc ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1.1 . 1.88 “ joint intellectu properti right ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.1.2 . 1.89 “ joint know-how ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.1.2 . 1.90 “ joint patent ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.1.2 . 1.91 “ knowledg ” mean [ ] of the [ ] of a parti , or ani personnel hold posit equival to such job titl ( but onli to the extent such posit exist at such parti ) . 1.92 [ ] 1.93 [ ] 1.94 [ ] 1.95 “ licens option ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.2.3 . 1.96 “ licens option exercis close date ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.2.4 . 1.97 “ licens option exercis notic ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.2.3 . 1.98 “ licens option period ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.2.3 . 1.99 “ licens compound ” mean ( a ) the compound known as hpn217 ( as describ on schedul 1.99 ) , [ ] . 1.100 “ licens product ” mean ani product , or portion thereof , contain a licens compound , alon or in combin with one ( 1 ) or more other activ ingredi , in ani and all form , in - 10 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 current and futur formul , dosag form and strength , and deliveri mode , includ ani improv thereto . for clariti , licens product that contain the same licens compound ( whether or not with one or more activ ingredi ( if applic ) ) , but in a differ formul , dosag form or deliveri devic , shall be consid the same licens product for the purpos of calcul mileston and royalti payment hereund . 1.101 “ loss ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.1 . 1.102 “ maa ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ drug approv application. ” 1.103 “ major market ” mean each of [ ] . 1.104 “ major regulatori file ” mean major regulatori file and document ( includ ind , drug approv applic , materi label supplement , regulatori author meet request , and core data sheet ) . 1.105 “ manufactur ” and “ manufactur ” mean all activ relat to the synthesi , make , product , process , purifi , formul , fill , finish , packag , label , ship , and hold of the licens compound , ani licens product , or ani intermedi thereof , includ process develop , process qualif and valid , scale-up , pre- clinic , clinic and commerci product and analyt develop , product character , stabil test , qualiti assur , and qualiti control . 1.106 “ manufactur process ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.6.1 . 1.107 “ manufactur technolog transfer ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.6.1 . 1.108 “ net sale ” mean [ ] ( a ) [ ] ( b ) [ ] ( c ) [ ] ( d ) [ ] ( e ) [ ] ( f ) [ ] of such licens product and to the extent [ ] - 11 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] , where for purpos of thi net sale definit , [ ] of such licens product; ( g ) [ ] ( h ) [ ] ( i ) [ ] ( j ) [ ] , but which [ ] . [ ] in the event that a licens product is sold in ani countri or other jurisdict [ ] ( i ) [ ] . - 12 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( ii ) [ ] ( iii ) [ ] ( iv ) [ ] . 1.109 “ non-breach parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.2.1 . 1.110 [ ] 1.111 “ opt-in dataset ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ opt-in develop report. ” 1.112 “ opt-in develop report ” mean the written data packag deliv by harpoon to abbvi and gener from the clinic dataset extract from the [ ] as it exist at the date that is [ ] ( the “ opt-in dataset ” and such date the “ opt-in develop report dataset cutoff date ” ) . the opt-in dataset will aris from the conduct of the initi develop activ and will includ inform avail in the [ ] as of the opt-in develop report gener date relat to [ ] . in addit to the inform and data set forth abov base on the opt-in dataset , the opt-in develop report will includ [ ] . - 13 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.113 “ opt-in develop report dataset cut-off date ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ opt-in develop report. ” 1.114 “ other product ” mean , with respect to a combin product , such other therapeut activ pharmaceut or biolog product referenc in section 1.37 ( a ) or such diagnost or other product referenc in section 1.37 ( b ) , in each case other than the licens compound . 1.115 “ own patent ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.2.3 . 1.116 “ parti ” and “ parti ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl hereto . 1.117 “ patent ” mean ( a ) all nation , region and intern patent and patent applic , includ provision patent applic , ( b ) all patent applic file either from such patent , patent applic or provision applic or from an applic claim prioriti from either of these , includ division , continu , continuations-in-part , provision , convert provision and continu prosecut applic , ( c ) ani and all patent that have issu or in the futur issu from the forego patent applic ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) , includ util model , petti patent and design patent and certif of invent , ( d ) ani and all extens or restor by exist or futur extens or restor mechan , includ revalid , reissu , re-examin and extens ( includ ani pediatr exclus and other such exclus that are attach to patent , supplementari protect certif and the like ) of the forego patent or patent applic ( ( a ) , ( b ) , and ( c ) ) , and ( e ) ani similar right , includ so-cal pipelin protect or ani import , revalid , confirm or introduct patent or registr patent or patent of addit to ani of such forego patent applic and patent . 1.118 “ person ” mean an individu , sole proprietorship , partnership , limit partnership , limit liabil partnership , corpor , limit liabil compani , busi trust , joint stock compani , trust , unincorpor associ , joint ventur or other similar entiti or organ , includ a govern or polit subdivis , depart or agenc of a govern . 1.119 “ phase 0 ” mean an exploratori , first-in-human trial conduct in accord with the fda 2006 guidanc on exploratori investig new drug studi ( or the equival in ani countri or other jurisdict outsid of the unit state ) and design to expedit the develop of therapeut or imag agent by establish veri earli on whether the agent behav in human subject as wa anticip from pre-clin studi . 1.120 “ phase i ” mean a human clinic trial of a licens compound or licens product , the princip purpos of which is a preliminari determin of safeti , toler , pharmacolog activ or pharmacokinet in healthi individu or patient or similar clinic studi prescrib by the regulatori author , includ the trial refer to in 21 c.f.r . §312.21 ( a ) , as amend . - 14 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.121 “ phase i/ib trial ” mean the phase i or i/ii studi of a licens compound or licens product incorpor dose escal and cohort expans studi as describ in the initi develop plan ( as it may be amend from time to time in accord with section 3.1.1 ) . 1.122 “ phase ii ” mean a human clinic trial of a licens compound or licens product , the princip purpos of which is a determin of safeti and efficaci in the target patient popul , which is prospect design to gener suffici data that may permit commenc of pivot clinic trial , or a similar clinic studi prescrib by the regulatori author , from time to time , pursuant to applic law or otherwis , includ the trial refer to in 21 c.f.r . §312.21 ( b ) , as amend . 1.123 “ phase iii ” mean a human clinic trial of a licens compound or licens product on a suffici number of subject in an indic patient popul that is design to establish that a licens compound or licens product is safe and efficaci for it intend use and to determin the benefit/risk relationship , warn , precaut , and advers reaction that are associ with such product in the dosag rang to be prescrib , which trial is intend to support market approv of such licens compound or licens product , includ all test and studi that are requir by the fda from time to time , pursuant to applic law or otherwis , includ the trial refer to in 21 c.f.r . §312.21 ( c ) , as amend . 1.124 “ phsa ” mean the unit state public health servic act , as amend from time to time . 1.125 “ pmda ” mean japan ’ s pharmaceut and medic devic agenc and ani successor agenc ( i ) or author have substanti the same function . 1.126 “ post csr option period ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.6.3 ( e ) . 1.127 “ prior nda ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.9 . 1.128 “ product inform ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . 1.129 “ product infring ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.3.1 . 1.130 “ product label ” mean , with respect to a licens product in a countri or other jurisdict in the territori , ( a ) the full prescrib inform for such licens product as approv by the regulatori author for such countri or other jurisdict , includ ani requir patient inform , and ( b ) all label and other written , print , or graphic matter upon a contain , wrapper , or ani packag insert util with or for such licens product in such countri or other jurisdict . 1.131 “ product-specif claim ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.2.1 ( a ) . 1.132 “ product-specif patent ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.2.1 ( b ) . 1.133 “ product trademark ” mean the trademark ( s ) to be use by abbvi or it affili or it or their respect sublicense for the develop , commerci or exploit of licens product in the territori and ani registr thereof or ani pend applic relat thereto in the territori ( exclud , in ani event , ani trademark , servic mark , name or logo that includ ani corpor name or logo of the parti or their affili ) . 1.134 “ propos futur in-licens right ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.9 . 1.135 “ regulatori approv ” mean , with respect to a countri or other jurisdict in the territori , all approv ( includ drug approv applic ) , licens , registr , or author of - 15 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ani regulatori author necessari to commerci a licens compound or licens product in such countri or other jurisdict , includ , where applic , price or reimburs approv in such countri or other jurisdict . 1.136 “ regulatori author ” mean ani applic supra-n , feder , nation , region , state , provinci , or local government or regulatori author , agenc , depart , bureau , commiss , council , or other entiti ( e.g. , the fda , ema and pmda ) regul or otherwis exercis author with respect to activ contempl in thi agreement , includ the exploit of the licens compound or licens product in the territori . 1.137 “ regulatori document ” mean all ( a ) applic ( includ all ind and drug approv applic and other major regulatori file ) , registr , licens , author , and approv ( includ regulatori approv ) , ( b ) correspond and report submit to or receiv from regulatori author ( includ minut and offici contact report relat to ani commun with ani regulatori author ) and all support document with respect thereto , includ all regulatori drug list , advertis and promot document , advers event file , and complaint file , and ( c ) clinic data and data contain or reli upon in ani of the forego , in each case ( ( a ) , ( b ) , and ( c ) ) to the extent relat to a licens compound or licens product . 1.138 “ regulatori exclus ” mean , with respect to ani countri or other jurisdict in the territori , an addit market protect , other than patent protect , grant by a regulatori author in such countri or other jurisdict which confer an exclus commerci period dure which abbvi or it affili or sublicense ha the exclus right to market and sell , and ani unauthor third parti is prevent from market or sell , a licens compound or licens product in such countri or other jurisdict . 1.139 “ royalti term ” mean , with respect to each licens product and each countri or other jurisdict in the territori , the period begin on the date of the first commerci sale of such licens product in such countri or other jurisdict , and end on the latest to occur of ( a ) the expir , invalid or abandon date of the last harpoon patent ( i ) [ ] in such countri or other jurisdiction; or ( ii ) [ ] in such countri or other jurisdiction; ( b ) the expir of regulatori exclus in such countri or other jurisdict for such licens product; or ( c ) the [ ] of the first commerci sale of such licens product in such countri or other jurisdict . 1.140 “ segreg ” mean , with respect to a [ ] relat to such [ ] relat to the [ ] provid that , [ ] in connect [ ] . - 16 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.141 “ senior offic ” mean , with respect to harpoon , it [ ] , and with respect to abbvi , it [ ] . 1.142 “ sublicense ” mean a person , other than an affili or a distributor , that is grant a sublicens by abbvi or it affili under the grant in section 5.1 as provid in section 5.3 but exclud ani sublicens grant by abbvi or it affili as a result of settlement of patent litig with respect to a biosimilar product . 1.143 “ term ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.1.1 . 1.144 “ termin territori ” mean each major market with respect to which thi agreement is termin by harpoon pursuant to section 12.2.2 , each countri with respect to which thi agreement is termin by abbvi pursuant to section 12.3 , or if thi agreement is termin in it entireti , the entir territori . 1.145 “ territori ” mean the entir world . 1.146 “ third parti ” mean ani person other than harpoon , abbvi and their respect affili . 1.147 “ third parti claim ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.1 . 1.148 “ third parti provid ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.7 . 1.149 “ trademark ” mean ani word , name , symbol , color , design or devic or ani combin thereof that function as a sourc identifi , includ ani trademark , trade dress , brand mark , servic mark , trade name , brand name , logo , busi symbol or domain name , whether or not regist . 1.150 “ unit state ” or “ u.s. ” mean the unit state of america and it territori and possess ( includ the district of columbia and puerto rico ) . 1.151 “ valid claim ” mean ( a ) a claim of ani [ ] patent whose valid , enforc , or patent ha not been render invalid by ani of the follow : ( i ) irretriev laps , abandon , revoc , dedic to the public , or disclaimer; or ( ii ) a hold , find , or decis of invalid , unenforc , or non-patent by a court , government agenc , nation or region patent offic , or other appropri bodi that ha compet jurisdict , such hold , find , or decis be final and unappeal or unapp within the time allow for appeal , or ( b ) a claim in a patent applic that is file and prosecut in good faith and no more than [ ] have laps from it earliest prioriti date . for clariti , ( a ) ani claim in a patent applic , for which more than [ ] have laps from it earliest prioriti date , shall not be consid a valid claim unless and until such claim is grant and meet the requir of subclaus ( a ) and ( b ) a hold , find , or decis be final and unappeal or not appeal within the time allow for appeal mean a hold , find , or decis from which no appeal ( other than a petit to the unit state suprem court for a writ of certiorari or a similar appeal that is subject to discretionari review ) can be or ha been taken . 1.152 “ vote stock ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of “ chang in control. ” 1.153 “ withhold amount ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.8.1 . 1.154 “ withhold parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.8.1 . - 17 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 1.155 “ work group ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.6. articl 2 collabor manag 2.1 joint govern committe . 2.1.1 format . within [ ] after the effect date , the parti shall establish a joint govern committe ( the “ joint govern committe ” or “ jgc ” ) . the jgc shall consist of [ ] repres from each of the parti , each with the requisit experi and senior to enabl such person to make decis on behalf of the parti with respect to the issu fall within the jurisdict of the jgc . from time to time , each parti may substitut [ ] or more of it repres to the jgc on written notic to the other parti . [ ] shall select from it repres the chairperson for the jgc . from time to time , [ ] 2.1.2 specif respons . the jgc shall develop the strategi for and overse the develop relat activ relat to the licens compound and the licens product in accord with the initi develop plan , and shall serv as a forum for the coordin of such activ . in particular , the jgc shall : ( a ) overse the develop activ perform pursuant to the initi develop plan; ( b ) address issu that aris dure the perform of the initi develop plan , [ ] ( c ) period ( no less often than [ ] ) review and serv as a forum for discuss the initi develop plan , and review and approv amend thereto; ( d ) review and serv as a forum for discuss inform ( includ all clinic data ) aris out of the initi develop plan; ( e ) discuss ani [ ] ( f ) prior to the licens option exercis close date , review and discuss regulatori activ and strategi for licens compound and licens products; ( g ) discuss the scope of ani [ ] contempl under section 4.6.1; ( h ) review the activ of the cmc work group or ani other work group establish by the jgc , and resolv ani disagr between the designe of abbvi and harpoon on ani work group; ( i ) plan and overse the conduct of activ set forth in section 3.5; - 18 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( j ) discuss and agre upon the [ ] name abbvi personnel; ( k ) establish secur access method ( such as secur databas ) for each parti to access confidenti information; and ( l ) perform such other function as are set forth herein or as the parti may mutual agre in write , except where in conflict with ani provis of thi agreement . 2.2 gener provis applic to the jgc . 2.2.1 meet and minut . the jgc shall meet [ ] , or as otherwis agre to by the parti , with the locat of such meet altern between locat design by harpoon and locat design by abbvi . the allianc manag shall be permit to attend ani such jgc meet . the chairperson of the jgc shall be respons for call meet on [ ] notic . each parti shall make all propos for agenda item and shall provid all appropri inform with respect to such propos item at least [ ] in advanc of the applic meeting; provid that under exig circumst requir input by the jgc , a parti may provid it agenda item to the other parti within a shorter period of time in advanc of the meet , or may propos that there not be a specif agenda for a particular meet , so long as the other parti consent to such later addit of such agenda item or the absenc of a specif agenda for such meet . the chairperson of the jgc shall prepar and circul for review and approv of the parti minut of each meet within [ ] after the meet . the parti shall agre on the minut of each meet promptli , but in no event later than the next meet of the jgc . 2.2.2 procedur rule . the jgc shall have the right to adopt such stand rule as shall be necessari for it work , to the extent that such rule are not inconsist with thi agreement . a quorum of the jgc shall exist whenev there is present at a meet [ ] appoint by each parti , each with the requisit experi and senior to enabl such person to make decis on behalf of the parti it repres with respect to the issu fall within the jurisdict of the jgc . repres of the parti on the jgc may attend a meet either in person or by telephon , video confer or similar mean in which each particip can hear what is said by , and be heard by , the other particip . represent by proxi shall be allow . the jgc shall take action by consensu of the repres present at a meet at which a quorum exist , with each parti have a singl vote irrespect of the number of repres of such parti in attend , or by a written resolut sign by [ ] appoint by each parti . employe or consult of either parti that are not repres of the parti on the jgc may attend meet of the jgc; provid that such attende ( i ) shall not vote or otherwis particip in the decision-mak process of the jgc , and ( ii ) are bound by oblig of confidenti and non-disclosur equival to those set forth in articl 9 . 2.2.3 disput resolut . if the jgc can not , or doe not , reach consensu on an issu , then the disput shall first be refer to the senior offic of the parti , who shall confer in good faith on the resolut of the issu . ani final decis mutual agre to by the senior offic shall be conclus and bind on the parti . if the senior offic are not abl to agre on the resolut of ani such issu within [ ] after such issu wa first refer to them , then : ( a ) prior to the licens option exercis close date , the senior offic of harpoon will final and definit resolv such disput [ ] provid that [ ] - 19 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] or ( ii ) [ ] and ( b ) [ ] notwithstand the forego , abbvi may not , follow the licens option exercis close date , use it final decis right to amend the initi develop plan in ani way that would requir harpoon to perform addit activ than wa requir under the initi develop plan immedi prior to the licens option exercis close date , unless harpoon agre to perform such addit activ and abbvi sole bear ani addit expens . as use herein , a “ materi amend ” to the initi develop plan shall mean an amend to the initi develop plan that would [ ] . 2.2.4 limit on author . each parti shall retain the right , power , and discret grant to it under thi agreement and no such right , power , or discret shall be deleg to or vest in the jgc unless such deleg or vest of right is expressli provid for in thi agreement or the parti expressli so agre in write . the jgc shall not have the power to amend , modifi , or waiv complianc with thi agreement , which may onli be amend or modifi as provid in section 13.9 or complianc with which may onli be waiv as provid in section 13.12 . 2.2.5 allianc manag . each parti shall appoint a person ( s ) who shall overse contact between the parti for all matter between meet of the jgc , and shall have such other respons as the parti may agre in write after the effect date ( each , an “ allianc manag ” ) . follow the disband of the jgc after the licens option exercis close date , the allianc manag shall continu to act as a liaison between the parti and shall be respons for exchang inform provid for under the term of thi agreement . each parti may replac it allianc manag at ani time by notic in write to the other parti . follow the licens option exercis close date and until the first commerci sale of a licens product in a major market , allianc manag shall meet [ ] , or as otherwis agre to by the parti . 2.3 discontinu of the jgc . the jgc shall continu to exist until the first to occur of : ( a ) the parti mutual agre to disband the jgc; ( b ) in the event of abbvi ’ s exercis of it licens option , upon the deliveri of the final develop report pursuant to section 3.1.3; and ( c ) expir of the licens option period without abbvi exercis the licens option . addit , in the event of a chang in control of harpoon involv a competitor , abbvi shall have the right at ani time and for ani reason , effect upon written notic , to disband the jgc in accord with section 13.2.2. in the event that the jgc is disband pursuant to section 13.2.2 , ( a ) ani inform , document or report that a parti is otherwis requir to provid to the jgc pursuant to thi agreement shall be provid directli to the other parti and ( b ) ani matter deleg to the jgc shall be made by mutual agreement of the parti , subject to the disput resolut provis of section 2.2.3 . 2.4 interact between the jgc and intern team . the parti recogn that each parti possess an intern structur ( includ variou committe , team and review board ) that will - 20 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 be involv in administ such parti ’ s activ under thi agreement . noth contain in thi articl shall prevent a parti from make routin day-to-day decis relat to the conduct of those activ for which it ha a perform or other oblig hereund , in each case in a manner consist with the then-curr initi develop plan and the term and condit of thi agreement . 2.5 cmc work group . within [ ] after the effect date , the parti shall establish a cmc work group ( the “ cmc work group ” ) . the cmc work group shall consist of two ( 2 ) repres from each of the parti , each with the requisit experi and senior to enabl such person to make decis on behalf of the parti with respect to the issu fall within the jurisdict of the cmc work group . from time to time , each parti may substitut one ( 1 ) or more of it repres to the cmc work group on written notic to the other parti . in particular , the cmc work group shall : ( a ) review and approv [ ] with respect thereto , and review and approv amend thereto; and ( b ) perform such other function as are set forth herein or as the parti may mutual agre in write , except where in conflict with ani provis of thi agreement . 2.6 work group . in addit to the cmc work group , from time to time , the jgc may establish and deleg duti to sub-committe or direct team ( each , a “ work group ” ) on an “ as-need ” basi to overse particular project or activ ( for exampl , joint project team , joint financ group , and/or joint intellectu properti group ) . each such work group shall be constitut and shall oper as the jgc determines; provid that each work group shall have equal represent from each parti , unless otherwis mutual agre . work group may be establish on an ad hoc basi for purpos of a specif project or on such other basi as the jgc may determin . each work group and it activ shall be subject to the oversight , review and approv of , and shall report to , the jgc . in no event shall the author of the work group exceed that specifi for the jgc . all decis of a work group shall be by consensu . ani disagr between the designe of abbvi and harpoon on a work group shall be refer to the jgc for resolut . 2.7 expens . each parti shall be respons for all travel and relat cost and expens for it member and other repres to attend meet of , and otherwis particip on , the jgc or ani work group . articl 3 develop and regulatori 3.1 initi develop plan and activ . 3.1.1 initi develop plan . either parti , directli or through it repres on the jgc , may propos amend to the initi develop plan from time to time as appropri , includ in light of chang circumst . ani and all such amend shall be subject to approv by the jgc as set forth in section 2.1.2 , subject to the disput resolut procedur set forth in section 2.2.3. within [ ] of the effect date , the parti , through the cmc work group , shall jointli develop an amend to the initi develop plan to identifi the [ ] in accord with the paramet set forth in the initi develop plan attach hereto as schedul 1.84. for clariti , all [ ] . - 21 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 3.1.2 initi develop activ . harpoon shall perform the activ set forth in the initi develop plan in accord with the timelin set forth therein , [ ] . in the conduct of the initi develop activ , harpoon shall use commerci reason effort to ensur that clinic site particip in the phase i/ib trial time submit clinic data gener at such site into the clinic databas . if at ani time abbvi ha a reason basi to believ that harpoon is in materi breach of it oblig to perform ani initi develop activ , then abbvi may so notifi harpoon in write , specifi the basi for it belief , and the parti shall meet within [ ] after such notic to discuss in good faith abbvi ’ s concern . if harpoon [ ] notwithstand the forego , if harpoon [ ] , then harpoon may seek resolut on the exist of such materi breach pursuant to section 13.7; provid that ( i ) harpoon ’ s [ ] . for clariti , if the arbitr determin that notwithstand [ ] . the parti acknowledg and agre that in the event abbvi [ ] initi develop activ in accord with the initi develop plan . if abbvi so elect to [ ] permit under the term and condit of the applic agreement , harpoon shall [ ] . 3.1.3 certain amend to initi develop plan . notwithstand the role of the jgc in connect with amend to the initi develop plan pursuant to section 2.1.2 ( c ) and section 2.2.3 , [ ] - 22 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 allianc manag ) . abbvi shall have [ ] in which to consid the propos amend and respond to harpoon , follow which : ( a ) if abbvi notifi harpoon in write that it consent to the amend propos by harpoon to the initi develop plan , harpoon may proceed to resubmit the clinic portion of the initi develop plan ( includ the clinic protocol for the phase i/ib trial , as applic ) to the fda , [ ] ; ( b ) if abbvi request that harpoon provid further inform in connect with the propos amend , harpoon shall [ ] provid such inform and make avail appropri personnel to respond to abbvi ’ s question regard the propos amend , and if abbvi notifi harpoon in write follow receipt of such inform that it consent to the amend as propos by harpoon to the initi develop plan , [ ] ; ( c ) if abbvi notifi harpoon that it doe not consent to the propos amend ( either befor or follow a request for more inform under section 3.1.3 ( b ) ) , then such amend ( i ) shall be [ ] , ( ii ) shall be refer [ ] to a special meet of the jgc ( or such other discuss forum as the parti may mutual agre in write ) and ( iii ) shall be subject [ ] , provid that sole with respect to amend aris under thi section 3.1.3 , ( a ) [ ] , and ( b ) [ ] ; and ( d ) for clariti , if abbvi provid no respons to harpoon ’ s propos amend within the forego three [ ] period , then [ ] . by way of exampl onli , if harpoon provid abbvi with a propos amend initi develop plan on [ ] respect . 3.1.4 final develop report . follow abbvi ’ s exercis of the licens option , and within [ ] after the [ ] , harpoon shall provid abbvi with the final develop report . abbvi shall have the opportun to review and inspect the final develop report and to reason ask question of harpoon and receiv time answer from harpoon relat thereto . follow abbvi ’ s receipt of the final develop report , abbvi shall have [ ] to provid notic to harpoon identifi ani inform set forth in section 1.64 , which - 23 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 abbvi believ in good faith is not includ in the final develop report . harpoon shall provid abbvi such inform [ ] . 3.2 abbvi option . 3.2.1 opt-in develop report . within [ ] follow the [ ] , harpoon shall provid abbvi with the opt-in develop report . abbvi shall have the opportun to review and inspect the opt-in develop report and to reason ask question of harpoon ( provid that such question are receiv by harpoon prior to [ ] ) and receiv time answer from harpoon relat thereto until the expir of the harpoon option period . if , prior to the develop report review deadlin , abbvi provid written notic to harpoon reason request supplement data or inform that is in harpoon ’ s possess or reason avail to harpoon ( and that , in each case , can be provid without perform ani addit research , studi or materi scientif analysi , or gener ani addit data ) and is reason necessari for abbvi to assess the opt-in develop report and make an inform decis about the exercis of the licens option ( such notic to provid reason detail regard the basi for such request ) , then harpoon shall provid to abbvi such request supplement data or inform within [ ] of it receipt of such notic ( or such longer period as the parti may mutual agre is necessari to obtain and provid such supplement data or inform ) and the licens option period shall be extend to [ ] follow the date of deliveri of such supplement data or inform , provid that in no event will the licens option period be extend as a result of such request and addit inform and data to more than [ ] follow the date harpoon first provid the opt-in develop report to abbvi under thi section 3.2.1 . 3.2.2 [ ] . abbvi may , but shall not be oblig to , deliv to harpoon a written notic request an [ ] at ani time on or after the [ ] ; provid that [ ] within ani [ ] period prior to the date of abbvi ’ s receipt of the opt-in develop report , unless ani addit request for [ ] is approv by the jgc , with harpoon ’ s consent not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . upon harpoon ’ s receipt of ani such notic , harpoon shall promptli , but in ani event within [ ] of harpoon ’ s receipt of ani such notic , [ ] . abbvi shall [ ] . if , prior to the develop report review deadlin , abbvi provid written notic to harpoon reason request supplement data or inform that is in harpoon ’ s possess or reason avail to harpoon ( and that , in each case , can be provid without perform ani addit research , studi or materi scientif analysi , or gener ani addit data ) and is reason necessari for abbvi to make [ ] ( such notic to provid reason detail regard the basi for such request ) , then harpoon shall provid to abbvi such request supplement data or inform within [ ] of it receipt of such notic ( or such longer period as the parti may mutual agre is necessari to obtain and provid such supplement data or inform ) . for purpos of clariti , [ ] opt-in develop report and shall not trigger the [ ] period set forth in section 3.2.3 with respect to the licens option period , unless [ ] shall trigger the [ ] period set forth in section 3.2.3. if abbvi [ ] . - 24 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 3.2.3 licens option exercis notic . upon the effect date , harpoon herebi grant to abbvi the exclus right , but not the oblig , to obtain the licens set forth in section 5.1.3 ( the “ licens option ” ) . abbvi shall have the right to exercis it licens option by provid written notic of such elect to harpoon ( “ licens option exercis notic ” ) at ani time on or after the effect date and on or prior to the date that is [ ] from abbvi ’ s receipt of the opt-in develop report contain all item requir pursuant to section 1.112 , as such period may be extend pursuant to section 3.2.1 ( the “ licens option period ” ) . if abbvi doe not provid a licens option exercis notic within the licens option period , then ( a ) harpoon shall have no further oblig to perform ani initi develop activ , ( b ) abbvi ’ s licens option shall expir , and thi agreement shall termin in accord with section 12.1.1 , and ( c ) abbvi shall have no further right in connect with licens compound of the licens product . 3.2.4 exercis of the licens option . ( a ) abbvi shall be deem to have enter into the licens set forth in section 5.1.3 on the later of ( i ) harpoon ’ s receipt of the licens option exercis notic , or ( ii ) the expir or earlier termin of ani wait period ( or ani extens thereof ) under the hsr act in the u.s. ( the date of such receipt by harpoon or the date of ani such expir or earlier termin , as applic , the “ licens option exercis close date ” ) . ( b ) if abbvi provid the licens option exercis notic dure the licens option period , upon abbvi ’ s request , the parti shall work togeth in good faith to conduct an analysi of whether ani file or notif are or may be requir to be file under the hsr act ( the “ hsr file ” ) or ani similar applic foreign law or regul in connect with abbvi ’ s exercis of the licens option . the parti shall each , as soon as practic after the date of harpoon ’ s receipt of the licens option exercis notic , file or caus to be file with the u.s. feder trade commiss and the u.s. depart of justic and ani relev foreign government author ani such notif . the parti shall use their commerci reason effort to respond promptli to ani request for addit inform made by such agenc . for the purpos of thi section 3.2.4 ( b ) , the commerci reason effort of abbvi shall not requir abbvi to agre to ani condit , prohibit , limit or the like propos by the u.s. feder trade commiss or other govern author to dispos of or hold separ ani materi portion of the busi or asset of abbvi or it affili . the parti shall equal share the file fee in conduct the hsr file , and each parti is respons for the cost and expens of it own legal and other advic in prepar and conduct the hsr file . 3.3 [ ] at ani time follow the earlier of [ ] . for clariti , if abbvi ’ s [ ] shall be sole respons for ani cost or expens associ with such addit oblig , and for provid [ ] to enabl [ ] in connect with the licens compound and licens product prior to abbvi ’ s exercis of the licens option . abbvi may elect to exercis it option to carri - 25 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 out [ ] and prior to the expir of the licens option period . 3.3.2 upon the date abbvi provid the [ ] , abbvi shall be deem to have enter into the licens set forth in section 5.1.2. abbvi shall have the right , on a one-tim onli basi follow [ ] . abbvi shall have final decis make author with respect to all [ ] . 3.3.1 if abbvi [ ] and doe not subsequ exercis the licens option , then abbvi shall [ ] . for clariti , ( a ) the forego licens shall exclud [ ] , and notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , except as necessari for harpoon to exercis it right under the forego subclaus ( a ) or as requir by the forego subclaus ( c ) , [ ] , and ( b ) the requir under the forego subclaus ( c ) shall [ ] follow the termin of thi agreement . 3.4 post-exercis develop activ . follow the licens option exercis close date , except for harpoon ’ s respons in complet the initi develop activ and deliv the final develop report , abbvi shall have the sole right to develop and manufactur ( and shall control all aspect of develop and manufactur ) , includ seek regulatori approv for , licens compound and licens product in the field and in the territori and , for clariti , harpoon and it affili shall have no right to do so . follow the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall use commerci reason effort to develop and obtain regulatori approv for [ ] licens product for [ ] for use in [ ] major market . abbvi shall have the right to satisfi it dilig oblig under thi section 3.4 through it affili or sublicense . except as set forth in thi section 3.4 , abbvi shall have no other dilig oblig , express or impli , with respect to the develop of the licens compound or licens product in the territori . follow the licens option exercis close date and until the first commerci sale of a licens product in a major market , abbvi will provid to harpoon follow disband of the jgc , [ ] report within [ ] after the end of each [ ] , in each case summar the key develop activ undertaken and summar the result achiev with respect to the applic licens compound and licens product in all major market dure such [ ] . prior to the disband of the jgc , abbvi shall provid the jgc - 26 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 with interim updat on such activ and result at it regularli schedul meet . for clariti , if abbvi [ ] , [ ] and the final develop report ) , but abbvi shall have final decis make author with respect to the conduct of such initi develop activities; provid that in no event may abbvi requir harpoon to conduct ani initi develop activ , or to incur ani cost or expens in associ with perform such initi develop activ follow the licens option exercis close date , in excess of the activ set forth in the initi develop plan in exist immedi prior to the licens option exercis close date . abbvi shall have the right , at abbvi ’ s sole elect , to assum and complet some or all of such initi develop activ at abbvi ’ s sole cost and expens , and such step in follow the licens option exercis close date shall not [ ] . 3.5 suppli of technolog for develop purpos . 3.5.1 immedi after the licens option exercis close date , harpoon shall , and shall caus it affili to , without addit compens , disclos and make avail to abbvi ( which oblig may be satisfi by grant personnel design by abbvi control access to an electron data room ) , in such form as maintain by harpoon in the ordinari cours of busi , regulatori document , harpoon know-how , joint know-how , and ani other inform claim or cover by ani harpoon patent or joint patent to the extent necessari or reason use for abbvi ’ s exploit of the licens compound and thereaft until the complet of the initi develop activ , promptli after the earlier of the develop , make , concept , or reduct to practic of such regulatori document , harpoon know-how , joint know- how , or other inform . 3.5.2 immedi after the licens option exercis close date , [ ] , and ( b ) harpoon shall provid abbvi with all reason assist requir in order to transfer to abbvi the regulatori document , harpoon know-how , joint know-how , and other inform requir to be produc pursuant to section 3.5.1 abov , in each case in a time manner , and shall reason assist abbvi with respect to the exploit of ani licens compound and ani licens product , in each case subject to the limit set forth in thi section 3.5.2. at abbvi 's request , harpoon shall execut a bill of sale convey such inventori . without prejudic to the gener of the forego , if visit of harpoon ’ s repres to abbvi ’ s facil are reason request by abbvi for purpos of transfer the regulatori document , harpoon know-how , joint know-how , or other inform to abbvi or for purpos of provid abbvi the assist referenc in the preced sentenc , harpoon shall send appropri repres to abbvi ’ s facil . harpoon shall provid up to [ ] and abbvi shall [ ] as mutual agre by the parti in write . 3.6 expens and invoic . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , each parti shall bear all cost and expens associ with the develop activ for which such parti is respons under thi agreement and the initi develop plan; provid that ( a ) [ ] , harpoon ’ s oblig to bear out of pocket cost shall be limit to [ ] ( the “ [ ] ” ) and abbvi shall bear ani out of pocket cost in - 27 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] , and ( b ) [ ] abbvi ha the right to assum follow determin of harpoon materi breach pursuant to section 3.1.2. to the extent that the cost of [ ] , harpoon shall provid notic to the cmc work group . [ ] . to the extent consist with harpoon ’ s oblig under thi section 3.6 , [ ] if abbvi assum ani initi develop activ in accord with section 3.1.2 , then abbvi shall invoic harpoon each [ ] for all reason direct intern ( i.e . direct personnel cost ) and document , out- of-pocket cost associ with conduct such initi develop activ [ ] , and , harpoon shall pay such invoic within [ ] of receipt thereof . subcontract . each parti shall have the right to subcontract ani of it develop activ to a third parti ( a “ third parti provid ” ) ; provid that , sole with respect of third parti provid perform servic that are critic or materi to the licens compound or licens product ( such as contract research organ and contract manufactur organ , ) harpoon must ( a ) [ ] ( b ) except with respect to third parti provid [ ] and ( c ) obtain a written undertak from the third parti provid suffici for harpoon to compli with the applic term and condit of thi agreement , includ the confidenti provis of articl 9 . 3.8 regulatori matter . 3.8.1 pre-exercis regulatori activ . prior to the licens option exercis close date , the follow shall appli : ( a ) harpoon shall have the sole right and respons to prepar , obtain and maintain all ind necessari to perform it oblig under the initi develop plan , and to conduct commun with the applic regulatori author with respect to such ind [ ] submiss to the applic regulatori author . harpoon shall provid [ ] . ( b ) subject to the immedi follow sentenc , harpoon shall provid abbvi with ( i ) access to or copi of all materi written or electron correspond ( other than regulatori file ) relat to the develop of licens compound or licens product receiv by harpoon or it affili from , or forward by harpoon or it affili to , the regulatori author in the territori , and ( ii ) if avail , copi of meet minut and summari of materi meet , confer , and discuss held by harpoon or it affili with the regulatori author in the territori , in each case - 28 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( ( i ) and ( ii ) ) [ ] of it receipt , forward or product of the forego , as applic . if such written or electron correspond receiv from ani such regulatori author relat to the withdraw , suspens , or revoc of a regulatori approv for a licens product , the prohibit or suspens of the suppli of a licens compound or licens product , or the initi of ani investig , review , or inquiri by such regulatori author concern the safeti of a licens compound or licens product , harpoon shall notifi abbvi and provid abbvi with copi of such written or electron correspond [ ] after receipt of such correspond . ( c ) harpoon shall provid abbvi with prior written notic , to the extent harpoon ha advanc knowledg , of ani schedul materi meet , confer , or discuss with a regulatori author in the territori relat to a licens product , [ ] after harpoon or it affili first receiv notic of the schedul of such materi meet , confer , or discuss ( or within such shorter period as may be necessari in order to give abbvi a reason opportun to attend such materi meet , confer , or discuss ) . [ ] ( d ) for clariti , all inform provid by harpoon to abbvi under thi section 3.8.1 shall be the confidenti inform of harpoon . 3.8.2 post-exercis regulatori activ . effect on the licens option exercis close date , the follow shall appli : ( a ) promptli after the licens option exercis close date and upon a mutual agre upon date , but in ani event no later than [ ] after the licens option exercis close date , harpoon shall transit to abbvi all ind for licens compound and licens product . ( b ) as between the parti , abbvi , at it sole expens , shall have the sole right to prepar , obtain , and maintain the drug approv applic ( includ the set of the overal regulatori strategi therefor ) , other regulatori approv and other regulatori submiss , and to conduct commun with the regulatori author , for licens compound or licens product in the territori ( which shall includ file of or with respect to ind and other file or commun with the regulatori author ) . harpoon shall support abbvi , as may be reason necessari , in obtain regulatori approv for the licens product , and in the activ in support thereof , includ provid necessari document or other materi requir by applic law to obtain regulatori approv , in each case in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement and the initi develop plan . ( c ) all regulatori document ( includ all regulatori approv and product label ) specif relat to the licens compound or licens product with respect to the territori shall be own by , and shall be the sole properti and held in the name of , abbvi or it design affili , sublicense or designe . harpoon shall duli execut and deliv , or caus to be duli execut and deliv , such instrument and shall do and caus to be done such act and thing , includ the file of such assign , agreement , document , and instrument , as may be necessari under , or as abbvi may reason request in connect with , or to carri out more effect the purpos of , or to better assur and confirm unto abbvi it right under , thi section . 3.8.3 recal . abbvi shall make everi reason effort to notifi harpoon promptli ( and in ani event no later than [ ] ) follow it determin that ani event , incid , or circumst ha occur that may result in the need for a recal , market suspens , or market withdraw of a licens product in the territori , and shall includ in such notic the reason behind such determin , and ani support fact . abbvi ( or it sublicense ) shall have the right to make the final determin whether to voluntarili implement ani such recal , market suspens , or market withdraw in the territori . if a recal , market suspens , or market withdraw is mandat by a regulatori author in - 29 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 the territori , abbvi ( or it sublicense ) shall initi such a recal , market suspens , or market withdraw in complianc with applic law . for all recal , market suspens or market withdraw undertaken pursuant to thi section 3.8.3 , abbvi ( or it sublicense ) shall be sole respons for the execut thereof , and harpoon shall reason cooper in all such recal effort , at abbvi ’ s expens . 3.8.4 complianc . each parti shall perform or caus to be perform , ani and all of it develop activ , includ initi develop activ , in good scientif manner and in complianc with all applic law . 3.8.5 record . each of harpoon and abbvi shall , and shall use their commerci reason effort to ensur that it third parti provid shall , maintain record in suffici detail and in good scientif manner appropri for patent and regulatori purpos , and in complianc with applic law , which shall be complet and accur and shall properli reflect all work done and result achiev in the perform of it develop activ which , follow the effect date , shall record onli such activ and shall , to the extent reason practic , not includ or be commingl with record of activ outsid the scope of thi agreement . such record shall be retain by harpoon or abbvi , as the case may be , for [ ] , or for such longer period as may be requir by applic law . follow the licens option exercis close date , upon abbvi ’ s request , harpoon shall provid to abbvi copi of the record it ha maintain pursuant to thi section 3.8.5 which have not been provid or otherwis transfer to abbvi pursuant to section 3.5. abbvi shall maintain such record and the inform disclos therein in confid in accord with articl 9 . 3.8.6 follow the licens option exercis close date , if abbvi reason consid that it ha not been provid with all inform requir to be provid under section 3.5 , or in connect with ani request by a regulatori author or requir under applic law , abbvi shall have the right , [ ] , to inspect and copi all record of harpoon maintain pursuant to section 3.8.5. prior to the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall not have such right to inspect or copi harpoon ’ s record , except to the extent requir by applic law , or as reason necessari to compli with a request by a regulatori author . abbvi shall maintain such record and the inform disclos therein in confid in accord with articl 9. articl 4 commerci 4.1 in gener . effect on the licens option exercis close date , abbvi ( itself or through it affili or sublicense ) shall have the sole right to commerci licens compound and licens product in the territori at it own cost and expens . 4.2 commerci dilig . follow the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall use commerci reason effort to commerci [ ] licens product in [ ] major market follow receipt of regulatori approv therefor in such major market; provid that [ ] ; provid further that , for purpos of clariti , [ ] . - 30 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] if at ani time harpoon ha a reason basi to believ that abbvi is in materi breach of it oblig under thi section 4.2 , then harpoon may so notifi abbvi , specifi the basi for it belief , and the parti shall meet within [ ] after such notic to discuss in good faith harpoon ’ s concern . 4.3 book of sales; distribut . effect on the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall have the sole right to invoic and book sale , establish all term of sale ( includ price and discount ) and wareh , and distribut the licens product in the territori and to perform or caus to be perform all relat servic . abbvi shall handl all return , recal , or withdraw , order process , invoic , collect , distribut , and inventori manag with respect to the licens product in the territori . 4.4 product trademark . effect on the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall have the sole right to determin and own the product trademark to be use with respect to the exploit of the licens product on a worldwid basi . harpoon shall not , and shall not permit it affili to , attack , disput , or contest the valid of or ownership of such product trademark anywher in the territori or ani registr issu or issu with respect thereto or use in their respect busi , ani trademark that is confusingli similar to , mislead or decept with respect to or that dilut ani ( or ani part ) of the product trademark . notwithstand the forego , to the extent requir by applic law in a countri or other jurisdict in the territori , the promot materi , packag , and product label for the licens product use by abbvi and it affili in connect with the licens product in such countri or other jurisdict shall contain ( a ) the corpor name of harpoon ( and to the extent requir , harpoon grant abbvi a licens , with the right to sublicens , to use the same sole for such purpos ) , and ( b ) the logo and corpor name of the manufactur ( if other than abbvi or an affili ) . 4.5 commerci suppli of licens compound or licens product . 4.5.1 commerci suppli of licens compound or licens product . effect on the licens option exercis close date , as between the parti , abbvi shall have the sole right , at it expens , to manufactur ( or have manufactur ) and suppli the licens compound and licens product for commerci sale in the territori by abbvi and it affili and sublicense . 4.5.2 manufactur technolog transfer upon abbvi ’ s request . abbvi shall have the right , at ani time [ ] the licens option exercis close date , as applic , to requir harpoon to effect a one-tim full transfer to abbvi or it designe ( which designe may be an affili or a third parti manufactur of licens compound or licens product ) of all harpoon know-how specif relat to the then-curr process for the manufactur of the licens compound and licens product , includ process qualif and valid , qualiti assur and qualiti control but exclud [ ] ( the “ manufactur process ” ) and to implement the manufactur process at a facil design by abbvi ( such transfer and implement , as more fulli describ in thi section 4.5.2 , the “ manufactur technolog transfer ” ) . harpoon shall provid , and shall use commerci reason effort to caus it third parti manufactur to provid ( includ by use commerci reason effort to negoti contractu oblig for such third parti manufactur to do so under agreement enter into follow the effect date ) , all reason assist request by abbvi to enabl abbvi ( or it affili or design third parti manufactur , as applic ) to implement the manufactur process at the facil design by abbvi . if request by abbvi , such assist shall includ provid reason assist to abbvi to facilit abbvi enter into agreement with applic third parti supplier relat to the licens compound and licens product . without limit - 31 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 to the forego , in connect with the manufactur technolog transfer , harpoon shall , and shall use commerci reason effort to caus it third parti manufactur ( includ by use commerci reason effort to negoti contractu oblig for such third parti manufactur to compli with the same oblig under agreement enter into follow the effect date ) to : ( a ) make avail to abbvi ( or it affili or design third parti manufactur , as applic ) from time to time as abbvi may request , all [ ] to use and practic the manufactur process; ( b ) caus all appropri [ ] assist with the work up and use of the manufactur process [ ] ; ( c ) without limit the gener of section 4.5.2 ( b ) , caus all appropri [ ] employe and repres of harpoon and it affili and it third parti manufactur to meet with employe or repres of abbvi ( or it affili or design third parti manufactur , as applic ) at the applic manufactur facil and make avail all necessari equip , at mutual conveni time , to support and execut the transfer of all applic analyt method and the valid thereof ( includ , all applic harpoon know-how , method , valid document and other document , materi and suffici suppli of all primari and other refer standard ) ; ( d ) take such step as are necessari to assist in reason respect abbvi ( or it affili or design third parti manufactur , as applic ) in obtain ani necessari licens , permit or approv from regulatori author with respect to the manufactur of the licens compound and licens product at the applic facilities; and ( e ) provid such other assist as abbvi ( or it affili or design third parti manufactur , as applic ) may reason request to enabl abbvi ( or it affili or design third parti manufactur , as applic ) to use and practic the manufactur process and otherwis to manufactur licens compound and licens product . except to the extent that a manufactur technolog transfer is request in connect with a breach of thi agreement , harpoon ’ s oblig to provid personnel and support under thi section 4.5.2 shall be limit to [ ] . thereaft , if request by abbvi , harpoon shall use commerci reason effort to continu to perform such obligations; provid that abbvi will reimburs harpoon for ( i ) [ ] ) , and ( ii ) [ ] for clariti , [ ] . - 32 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 4.5.3 subsequ manufactur technolog transfer . without limit the forego , if harpoon make ani invent , discoveri , or improv specif relat to the manufactur of a licens compound or a licens product dure the term , harpoon shall promptli disclos such invent , discoveri , or improv to abbvi , and shall , at abbvi ’ s request , perform technolog transfer with respect to such invent , discoveri , or improv in the same manner as provid in section 4.5.2 , provid that ani such further technolog transfer occur ( a ) prior to the licens option exercis close date shall be at harpoon ’ s sole expens and ( b ) after the licens option exercis close date shall be at abbvi ’ s sole expens . articl 5 grant of right 5.1 grant to abbvi . 5.1.1 effect upon the date that abbvi commenc perform initi develop activ pursuant to section 3.1.2 , harpoon ( on behalf of itself and it affili ) shall grant and herebi grant abbvi a co- exclus ( with harpoon ) , royalty-fre licens , with the right to grant sublicens in accord with section 5.3 , under the harpoon patent , the harpoon know-how , and harpoon ’ s interest in the joint patent and the joint know-how , sole to the extent necessari for abbvi to conduct initi develop activ assum by abbvi in accord with section 3.1.2 ( if ani ) . 5.1.2 upon the [ ] , harpoon ( on behalf of itself and it affili ) herebi grant to abbvi a co-exclus ( with harpoon ) , royalty-fre ( subject to [ ] [ ] ) licens , with the right to grant sublicens in accord with section 5.3 , under the harpoon patent , the harpoon know-how , and harpoon ’ s interest in the joint patent and the joint know- how , to develop and manufactur the licens compound and licens product sole to the extent necessari for abbvi to perform [ ] . for clariti , with respect [ ] , abbvi acknowledg and agre that [ ] . abbvi further acknowledg and agre that no sublicens is grant to abbvi under certain intellectu properti right licens from [ ] . 5.1.3 upon the licens option exercis close date , harpoon ( on behalf of itself and it affili ) herebi grant to abbvi : ( a ) an exclus ( includ with regard to harpoon and it affili , except as provid in section 5.6 ) licens ( or sublicens ) , with the right to grant sublicens in accord with section 5.3 , under the harpoon patent , the harpoon know-how , and harpoon ’ s interest in the joint patent and the joint know-how , to exploit the licens compound and licens product in the field in the territory; ( b ) an exclus ( includ with regard to harpoon and it affili , except as provid in section 5.6 ) licens and right of refer , with the right to grant sublicens and further right of refer in accord with section 5.3 , under the regulatori approv and ani other regulatori document that harpoon or it affili may control with respect to the licens compound or licens product sole for purpos of exploit the licens compound and licens product in the field in the territori . - 33 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( c ) the grant set forth in thi section 5.1.3 will automat come into full forc and effect on the licens option exercis close date without ani further action requir by either parti under thi agreement . 5.2 grant to harpoon . upon the effect date , abbvi herebi grant to harpoon a non-exclus , royalty-fre licens , without the right to grant sublicens ( other than to permit subcontractor of harpoon in accord with section 3.7 ) , under the abbvi patent , abbvi know-how , and abbvi ’ s interest in the joint patent and the joint know-how , to develop and manufactur the licens compound or licens product in the territori sole to the extent necessari for harpoon to perform it oblig as set forth in , and subject to , the initi develop plan . 5.3 sublicens . abbvi shall have the right to grant sublicens ( or further right of refer ) , through multipl tier of sublicense , under the licens and right of refer grant in section 5.1.1 , 5.1.2 and 5.1.3 , to it affili and other persons; provid that ani such sublicens shall be consist with the term and condit of thi agreement and abbvi shall remain liabl for it oblig under thi agreement and for the perform of all sublicense . abbvi shall provid harpoon with a copi of ani such sublicens agreement within [ ] after the execut thereof , which copi may be redact with respect to inform not pertin to complianc with thi agreement . 5.4 distributorship . abbvi shall have the right , in it sole discret , to appoint it affili , and abbvi and it affili shall have the right , in their sole discret , to appoint ani other person , in the territori or in ani countri or other jurisdict of the territori , to distribut , market , and sell the licens product . where abbvi or it affili appoint such a person and such person is not an affili of abbvi and doe not have right to , and doe not , manufactur ani licens product ( except sole to packag or label such licens product purchas in bulk form from abbvi or it affili ) , that person shall be a “ distributor ” for purpos of thi agreement . 5.5 co-promot right . for purpos of clariti , abbvi and it affili shall have the right , in their sole discret , to co-promot the licens product with ani other person ( s ) , or to appoint one ( 1 ) or more third parti to promot the licens product without abbvi in all or ani part of the territori . 5.6 retent of right . 5.6.1 notwithstand the exclus licens grant to abbvi pursuant to section 5.1.3 , harpoon retain the right to practic under the harpoon patent , the harpoon know-how , harpoon ’ s interest in the joint patent and the joint know-how , regulatori approv and ani other regulatori document ( a ) to perform ( and to sublicens third parti to perform as permit hereund ) it oblig under thi agreement and ( b ) for ani purpos outsid the scope of the licens and right grant pursuant to section 3.2.3 and 5.1 , includ to exploit ani product or servic other than licens compound or licens product , subject to section 5.8. except as expressli provid herein , harpoon grant no other right or licens , includ ani right or licens to the harpoon patent , the harpoon know-how , harpoon ’ s interest in the joint patent and joint know-how , the regulatori document or ani other patent or intellectu properti right not otherwis expressli grant herein . for clariti , if abbvi doe not exercis it licens option , harpoon retain all right under harpoon ’ s interest in the joint patent and the joint know-how , if ani , to exploit the licens compound and licens product in it sole discret without duti to account to abbvi in connect with such use or exploit . 5.6.2 except as expressli provid herein , abbvi grant no other right or licens , includ ani right or licens to the abbvi patent , the abbvi know-how , the regulatori document , or ani other patent or intellectu properti right not otherwis expressli grant herein . 5.7 confirmatori patent licens . harpoon shall if request to do so by abbvi immedi enter into confirmatori licens agreement consist with thi agreement in the form or substanti the form reason request by abbvi for purpos of record the licens grant under - 34 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 thi agreement with such patent offic in the territori as abbvi consid appropri . until the execut of ani such confirmatori licens , so far as may be legal possibl , harpoon and abbvi shall have the same right in respect of the harpoon patent and joint patent and be under the same oblig to each other in all respect as if the said confirmatori licens had been execut . 5.8 exclus with respect to the territori . 5.8.1 harpoon shall not , and shall caus it affili not to ( a ) directli or indirectli , develop , commerci or otherwis exploit ani compet product in ani countri or other jurisdict in the territori , or ( b ) licens , author , appoint , or otherwis enabl ani third parti to directli or indirectli , develop , commerci or otherwis exploit ani compet product in ani countri or other jurisdict in the territori , except , in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) , as otherwis expressli provid in thi agreement . 5.8.2 notwithstand the provis of section 5.8 , if , dure the term , ( a ) harpoon or ani of it affili acquir , as the result of an acquisit , right to a compet product , such acquisit , and the develop , manufactur or commerci of such compet product thereaft , shall not constitut a breach of section 5.8 if harpoon or such affili , as applic , [ ] ; or ( b ) harpoon undergo a chang in control and the relev acquir is either then commerci a compet product , or ha in develop ani compet product , such chang in control , and the commerci ( or develop and subsequ commerci , if such compet product receiv regulatori approv ) of such compet product by such relev acquir or ani of it affili , shall not constitut a breach of section 5.8; provid that such ( x ) acquir segreg the compet product and ( y ) abbvi shall have the right , in it sole and absolut discret , by written notic deliv to harpoon ( or it successor ) at ani time dure the [ ] follow the written notic contempl by section 13.2.1 , to ( i ) termin ani or all provis of thi agreement provid for ani deliveri by abbvi to harpoon of confidenti inform of abbvi relat to activ contempl by thi agreement , save onli for ( a ) articl 6 , ( b ) inform regard sublicens pursuant to section 5.3 , ( c ) inform regard the prosecut , enforc , defens , litig , infring and licens of patent pursuant to ( 1 ) section 7.2.1 , 7.2.3 , 7.3.1 , 7.3.5 , 7.4 , and 7.5.2 , ( 2 ) sole with respect to joint patent , section 7.2.2 , 7.3.2 , and 7.5.3 , and ( 3 ) sole with respect to joint patent and harpoon patent , section 7.3.4 and 7.5.1 , ( d ) notic of ani licens pursuant to section 5.9.2 , ( e ) safeti data pursuant to section 8.1 , ( f ) propos disclosur pursuant to section 9.5 , ( g ) commun under section 11.4 and ( h ) notic pursuant to section 11.3 and 13.1; and ( ii ) disband the jgc and termin it activ , in which case the provis set forth in the last sentenc of section 2.3 shall appli . 5.9 in-licens agreement . 5.9.1 dure the term , neither harpoon nor ani of it affili shall , [ ] , not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay , enter into ani agreement with a third parti relat to inform , regulatori document , materi , patent , or other intellectu other properti right [ ] . 5.9.2 follow the licens option exercis close date , if [ ] own or control by a third parti in a particular countri or jurisdict is necessari to exploit a licens compound or licens product , abbvi shall have the first right , but not the oblig , to negoti and enter into an agreement with a third parti in order to obtain a licens or right under such patent or intellectu properti right . if abbvi elect ( in a written commun submit to harpoon ) not to enter into ani such agreement , harpoon may enter into ani such agreement . notwithstand the forego , if a [ ] own or control by a third parti is [ ] - 35 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] , then [ ] the cost associ with ani such licens to the patent or other intellectu properti right of such third parti ( “ abbvi [ ] right ” ) . 5.9.3 if harpoon or ani of it affili , after the effect date , becom a parti to a licens , sublicens or other agreement for [ ] , or as permit in section 5.9.1 or 5.9.2 , then harpoon shall inform abbvi and shall provid abbvi with a copi of such licens , sublicens , or other agreement ( “ propos futur in-licens right ” ) . if abbvi notifi harpoon in write within [ ] after receipt of such copi that abbvi wish to receiv a licens or sublicens ( as applic ) under , and be subject to the right and oblig of , the propos futur in-licens right as they appli to abbvi and thi agreement , then the propos futur in-licens right shall automat be includ in the harpoon patent and/or harpoon know-how ( as applic ) hereund and abbvi agre to abid by all applic term and condit of such licens , sublicens or other agreement , as it relat to abbvi and thi agreement , includ payment of ani financi oblig base upon abbvi ’ s practic of such intellectu properti right . effect on and follow the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall be sole respons for payment of ani financi oblig under [ ] , and ani licens , sublicens or other agreement abbvi elect to enter into with a third parti that grant right to abbvi in connect with the manufactur of a licens compound or licens product . except as provid in thi section 5.9.3 , harpoon shall be sole respons for and shall bear ani and all payment under ani harpoon in-licens agreement , includ ani agreement between harpoon and a third parti enter prior to or on the effect date . for the purpos of clariti , abbvi shall not be respons for [ ] , or ( b ) [ ] relat to the manufactur of ani compound or product other than the licens compound and licens product . articl 6 payment and record 6.1 upfront payment . no later than [ ] follow the effect date , abbvi shall pay harpoon an upfront , non-refund , non-credit amount equal to thirti million dollar ( 30,000,000 ) . 6.2 develop and regulatori mileston . in partial consider of the right grant by harpoon to abbvi hereund and subject to the term and condit set forth in thi agreement , abbvi shall pay to harpoon a non-refund mileston payment within [ ] after the achiev of each of the follow mileston , calcul as follow : 6.2.1 upon the licens option exercis close date , two hundr million dollar ( 200,000,000 ) ; 6.2.2 upon first initi of the phase i/ib trial under the initi develop plan for a licens compound in the u.s. , fifti million dollar ( 50,000,000 ) ; provid that subject to section 3.1.3 , ( a ) if [ ] [ ] , but [ ] , thi mileston payment shall be [ ] , and ( b ) if such [ ] occur on or after [ ] , thi mileston payment shall be [ ] ; 6.2.3 upon [ ] , [ ] ; - 36 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 6.2.4 upon [ ] , [ ] ; and 6.2.5 upon [ ] and [ ] , [ ] . each mileston payment in thi section 6.2 shall be payabl onli upon the first achiev of such mileston and no amount shall be due for subsequ or repeat achiev of such mileston , whether for the same or a differ licens compound or licens product . the maximum aggreg amount payabl by abbvi pursuant to thi section 6.2 is [ ] . 6.3 first commerci sale mileston . in partial consider of the right grant by harpoon to abbvi hereund and subject to the term and condit set forth in thi agreement , abbvi shall pay to harpoon the follow non-refund mileston payment due within [ ] after the achiev of each of the follow mileston , calcul as follow : 6.3.1 upon [ ] licens product , [ ] ; and 6.3.2 upon the first commerci sale for the first licens product to achiev such [ ] , [ ] . each mileston payment in thi section 6.3 shall be payabl onli upon the first achiev of such mileston and no amount shall be due for subsequ or repeat achiev of such mileston , whether for the same or a differ licens compound or licens product . the maximum aggreg amount payabl by abbvi pursuant to thi section 6.3 is [ ] . 6.4 sales-bas mileston . in partial consider of the right grant by harpoon to abbvi hereund and subject to the term and condit set forth in thi agreement , abbvi shall pay to harpoon the follow non- refund mileston payment due within [ ] after the end of the [ ] in which such mileston wa achiev for the aggreg sale of all licens product in the territori , calcul as follow : [ ] . each mileston payment in thi section 6.4 shall be payabl onli upon the first achiev of such mileston in a [ ] , and no amount shall be due for subsequ or repeat achiev of such mileston in subsequ [ ] , whether for the same or a differ licens compound or licens product . the maximum aggreg amount payabl by abbvi pursuant to thi section is [ ] . 6.5 royalti . - 37 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 6.5.1 royalti rate . as further consider for the right grant to abbvi hereund , subject to section 6.5.3 , commenc upon the first commerci sale of a licens product in the territori , on a licens product- by-licens product basi , abbvi shall pay to harpoon a royalti on net sale of each licens product in the territori ( exclud net sale of each licens product in ani countri or other jurisdict in the territori for which the royalti term for such licens product in such countri or other jurisdict ha expir ) dure [ ] at the follow rate : net sale in the territori of each licens product in a [ ] royalti rate for that portion of aggreg net sale of each licens product [ ] [ ] for that portion of aggreg net sale of each licens product [ ] [ ] for that portion of aggreg net sale of each licens product [ ] [ ] with respect to each licens product in each countri or other jurisdict in the territori , [ ] . 6.5.2 royalti term . abbvi shall have no oblig to pay ani royalti with respect to net sale of ani licens product in ani countri or other jurisdict after the royalti term for such licens product in such countri or other jurisdict ha expir . 6.5.3 reduct . notwithstand the forego : ( a ) if in ani countri or other jurisdict in the territori dure the royalti term for a licens product ( i ) there is [ ] , then for each such countri or other jurisdict , start with the [ ] occur , the royalti payabl to harpoon for the net sale of such licens product in such countri or other jurisdict shall be [ ] set forth in section 6.5.1; ( ii ) there [ ] , then for each such countri or other jurisdict , start with the [ ] , the royalti payabl to harpoon for the net sale of such licens product in such countri or other jurisdict shall be [ ] set forth in section 6.5.1; and ( iii ) if for ani [ ] dure the royalti term [ ] in such countri or other jurisdict dure such [ ] , then the royalti due to harpoon pursuant to thi section 6.5 in such countri or other jurisdict shall be [ ] in each such [ ] . for purpos herein , ( a ) [ ] ( b ) [ ] - 38 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) of the unit sale of such licens product sold in that countri or other jurisdict by abbvi , it affili and sublicense . unless otherwis agre by the parti , [ ] sold dure a [ ] shall be as report by [ ] or ani successor or ani other independ sale audit firm reason agre upon by the parties; ( b ) if abbvi enter into an agreement with a third parti in order to obtain a licens or right under [ ] own or control by such third parti in a particular countri or other jurisdict pursuant to section 5.9.2 , abbvi shall be entitl to deduct from [ ] hereund with respect to a licens product for a particular countri or other jurisdict [ ] of [ ] paid to such third parti ( exclud [ ] ) as consider for the grant of the licens or sublicens in connect with such licens product ( and to the extent reason alloc to the licens product , if such third parti agreement is also applic to other program or product of abbvi ) for such countri or other jurisdiction; provid that in no case shall such deduct reduc such [ ] set forth in [ ] [ ] . for clariti , no reduct shall appli in connect with payment made by abbvi in connect with ani [ ] ; ( c ) [ ] in a countri or other jurisdict in the territori , then , for the purpos of calcul the royalti payabl with respect to such licens product under section 6.5.1 , [ ] ; and ( d ) if , and in such case from and after the date on which , a licens product is exploit in a countri or other jurisdict and such licens product is not either or both ( i ) [ ] or ( ii ) cover by ( a ) [ ] licens product in such countri or other jurisdict or ( b ) a [ ] in such countri or other jurisdict , then the royalti rate set forth in section 6.5.1 with respect to such countri or other jurisdict ( for purpos of calcul under section 6.5.1 ) , shall be reduc by [ ] ; . ( e ) in no event will the cumul reduct under the forego section 6.5.3 ( a ) through 6.5.3 ( d ) reduc the [ ] payabl to harpoon on ani licens product in ani [ ] by greater than [ ] of the amount otherwis payabl under section 6.5.1 for such licens product . credit not exhaust in ani [ ] may be carri into futur [ ] , subject to the forego sentenc . 6.6 royalti payment and report . abbvi shall calcul all amount payabl to harpoon pursuant to section 6.5 at the end of each [ ] , which amount shall be convert to dollar , in accord with section 6.7. abbvi shall pay to harpoon the royalti amount due with respect to a given [ ] within [ ] after the end of such [ ] . each payment of royalti due to harpoon shall be accompani by a statement of the amount of net sale of each licens product in each countri or other jurisdict the territori dure the applic [ ] ( includ such amount express in local currenc and as convert to dollar ) and a calcul of the amount of royalti payment due on such net sale for such [ ] , includ the amount of ani reduct pursuant to section 6.5.3 . 6.7 mode of payment; offset . all payment to either parti under thi agreement shall be made by deposit of dollar in the requisit amount to such bank account as the receiv parti may from - 39 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 time to time design by notic to the pay parti . for the purpos of calcul ani sum due under , or otherwis reimburs pursuant to , thi agreement ( includ the calcul of net sale express in currenc other than dollar ) , a parti shall convert ani amount express in a foreign currenc into dollar equival use it , it affili ’ s or sublicense ’ s standard convers methodolog consist with account standard . [ ] . 6.8 withhold tax . 6.8.1 withhold amount . where ani sum due to be paid to either parti hereund is subject to ani withhold or similar tax , the parti shall use their commerci reason effort to do all such act and thing and to sign all such document as will enabl them to take advantag of ani applic doubl taxat agreement or treati . in the event there is no applic doubl taxat agreement or treati , or if an applic doubl taxat agreement or treati reduc but doe not elimin such withhold or similar tax , the payor shall remit such withhold or similar tax to the appropri govern author , deduct the amount paid from the amount due to paye and secur and send to paye the best avail evid of the payment of such withhold or similar tax . ani such amount deduct by the payor in respect of such withhold or similar tax shall be treat as have been paid by the payor for purpos of thi agreement . if withhold or similar tax are paid to a govern author , each parti will provid the other such assist as is reason requir to obtain a refund of the withheld or similar tax , or to obtain a credit with respect to such tax paid . in the event that a govern author retroact determin that a payment made by the pay parti to the receiv parti pursuant to thi agreement should have been subject to withhold or similar ( or to addit withhold or similar ) tax , and such pay parti ( the “ withhold parti ” ) remit such withhold or similar tax to the govern author , includ ani interest and penalti that may be impos thereon ( togeth with the tax paid , the “ withhold amount ” ) , the withhold parti will have the right ( a ) to offset the withhold amount against futur payment oblig of the withhold parti under thi agreement or ( b ) to invoic the receiv parti for the withhold amount ( which shall be payabl by the receiv parti within [ ] of it receipt of such invoic ) , or to pursu reimburs of the withhold amount by ani other avail remedi . 6.8.2 withhold action . notwithstand the forego , the parti acknowledg and agre that if abbvi ( or it assigne pursuant to section 13.4 ) is requir by applic law to withhold tax in respect of ani amount payabl under thi agreement , and if such withhold oblig aris as a result of ani action taken by abbvi or it affili or successor or assigne , includ without limit an assign of thi agreement as permit under section 13.4 of thi agreement , a chang in tax resid of abbvi , or payment aris or are deem to aris through a branch of abbvi and such withhold tax exceed the amount of withhold tax that would have been applic if such action had not occur ( each an “ abbvi withhold tax action ” ) , then , ani such amount payabl shall be increas to take into account such increas withhold tax as may be necessari so that , after make all requir withhold harpoon ( or it assigne pursuant to section 13.4 ) receiv an amount equal to the sum it would have receiv had no such abbvi withhold tax action occur . harpoon shall ( a ) use it commerci reason effort to obtain an exempt of such withheld amount to the extent practic under applic law and ( b ) cooper with abbvi to obtain a reduct or refund of such withheld amount . 6.9 indirect tax . except as otherwis provid in thi agreement , all payment due under thi agreement are exclus of valu ad tax , sale tax , consumpt tax and other similar tax ( the “ indirect tax ” ) . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , abbvi shall be respons for ani indirect tax as well as ani transfer , documentari , sale use , stamp , registr , valu ad or other similar tax that is impos with respect to the payment or the relat transfer of right or other properti pursuant to the term of thi agreement . if the indirect tax origin paid or otherwis born by the pay parti are in whole or in part subsequ determin not to have been chargeabl , all reason necessari step will be taken by the receiv parti to receiv a refund of these undu indirect tax from the - 40 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 applic government author or other fiscal author and ani amount of undu indirect tax repaid by such author to the receiv parti will be transfer to the pay parti within [ ] of receipt . 6.10 interest on late payment . if ani payment due to either parti under thi agreement is not paid when due , then such pay parti shall pay interest thereon ( befor and after ani judgment ) at [ ] such interest to run from the date on which payment of such sum becam due until payment thereof in full togeth with such interest; provid howev that [ ] , then such interest [ ] , as adjust from time to time on the [ ] . 6.11 audit . abbvi shall , shall caus it affili to , and shall use commerci reason effort to caus it sublicense to , keep complet and accur book and record pertain to net sale of licens product , in suffici detail to calcul all amount payabl hereund . at the request of harpoon , abbvi shall permit an independ public account firm of nation recogn stand design by harpoon and reason accept to abbvi , [ ] , to audit the book and record maintain pursuant to thi section 6.11 to ensur the accuraci of all report and payment made hereund , includ ani permit deduct from net sale pursuant to section 1.108. such examin may not ( a ) be conduct for ani [ ] [ ] ( b ) be conduct more than onc in ani [ ] period or ( c ) be [ ] ( unless a previou audit reveal an underpay with respect to such [ ] ) . the account firm shall disclos to harpoon onli whether the report are correct or not , and the specif detail concern ani discrep . no other inform shall be share . except as provid below , the cost of thi audit shall be born by harpoon , unless the audit reveal a varianc [ ] from the report amount or [ ] , in which case abbvi shall bear the cost of the audit . 6.12 audit disput . in the event of a disput with respect to ani audit under section 6.11 , harpoon and abbvi shall work in good faith to resolv the disagr . if the parti are unabl to reach a mutual accept resolut of ani such disput within [ ] , the disput shall be submit for resolut to a certifi public account firm jointli select by each parti ’ s certifi public account or to such other person as the parti shall mutual agre ( the “ audit expert ” ) . the decis of the audit expert shall be final and the cost of such determin as well as the initi audit shall be born between the parti in such manner as the audit expert shall determin . not later than [ ] after such decis and in accord with such decis , abbvi shall pay the addit amount or harpoon shall reimburs the excess payment , as applic . 6.13 confidenti . the receiv parti shall treat all inform subject to review under thi articl 6 in accord with the confidenti provis of articl 9 and the parti shall caus the audit expert to enter into a reason accept confidenti agreement with abbvi oblig such firm to retain all such financi inform in confid pursuant to such confidenti agreement . 6.14 [ ] the develop and regulatori mileston payment , first commerci sale mileston payment , sales-bas mileston payment and royalti in section 6.2 , 6.3 6.4 , and 6.5 shall not appli at the same rate to develop and commerci of licens compound or licens product [ ] for elig to be treat for such diseas , state , or condit with a licens compound or licens product or for monitor patient who are or have been treat with a licens compound or licens product . in the event that a licens compound or licens product is develop for ani such purpos , [ ] for the sale of such licens product that [ ] of such licens product and [ ] , as applicable; provid that , for clariti , ani such [ ] - 41 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] [ ] under thi agreement with respect to licens compound or licens product that are [ ] . 6.15 no other compens . each parti herebi agre that the term of thi agreement fulli defin all consider , compens and benefit , monetari or otherwis , to be paid , grant or deliv by one parti to the other parti in connect with the transact contempl herein . neither parti previous ha paid or enter into ani other commit to pay , whether oral or in write , ani of the other parti ’ s employe , directli or indirectli , ani consider , compens or benefit , monetari or otherwis , in connect with the transact contempl herein . articl 7 intellectu properti intellectu properti 7.1 ownership of intellectu properti . 7.1.1 ownership of technolog . subject to section 3.8.2 ( c ) and section 7.1.2 , as between the parti , each parti , or their respect affili , shall own and retain all right , titl , and interest in and to ani and all : ( a ) inform and invent that are conceiv , discov , develop , or otherwis made by or on behalf of such parti or it affili ( includ subcontractor thereof ) under or in connect with thi agreement , whether or not patent or patent , and ani and all patent and other intellectu properti right with respect thereto , except to the extent that ani such inform or invent or ani patent or intellectu properti right with respect thereto , is joint know-how or joint patent , and ( b ) other inform , invent , patent , and other intellectu properti right that are own or otherwis control ( other than pursuant to the licens grant set forth in section 5.1 and 5.2 ) by such parti or it affili . 7.1.2 ownership of joint patent and joint know-how . subject to section 3.8.2 ( c ) , as between the parti , each parti , or their respect affili , shall own an equal , undivid interest in and to ani and all ( a ) inform and invent that are conceiv , discov , develop or otherwis made jointli by or on behalf of harpoon or it affili ( includ subcontractor thereof ) , on the one hand , and abbvi or it affili ( includ subcontractor thereof ) , on the other hand , in connect with the work conduct under or in connect with thi agreement , in each case whether or not patent or patent ( the “ joint know-how ” ) , and ( b ) patent ( the “ joint patent ” ) and other intellectu properti right with respect to the inform and invent describ in subclaus ( a ) ( togeth with joint know-how and joint patent , the “ joint intellectu properti right ” ) . each parti shall promptli disclos to the other parti in write , and shall caus it affili , license and sublicense to so disclos , the develop , make , concept or reduct to practic of ani joint know-how or joint patent . subject to the licens and right of refer grant under section 5.1 and 5.2 and , in the case of harpoon , it exclus oblig hereund , each parti shall have the right to exploit the joint intellectu properti right without a duti of seek consent from or account to the other parti . notwithstand the forego , with respect to ( 1 ) ani [ ] , and ( 2 ) ani [ ] . 7.1.3 unit state law . the determin of whether inform and invent are conceiv , discov , develop , or otherwis made by a parti for the purpos of alloc proprietari right ( includ patent , copyright or other intellectu properti right ) therein , shall , for purpos of thi agreement , be made in accord with applic law in the unit state . - 42 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 7.1.4 assign . ( a ) each parti shall caus all person who perform activ for such parti under thi agreement to prospect or be under an oblig to assign ( or , if applic law doe not permit such person to agre to such assign oblig despit such parti ’ s use commerci reason effort to negoti such assign oblig , provid a licens under ) all of their right in ani inform and invent result therefrom to such parti , except where applic law requir otherwis and except in the case of government , not-for-profit and public institut which have standard polici against such an assign ( in which case a suitabl licens , or right to obtain such a licens , shall be obtain ) . ( b ) each parti will promptli disclos to the other parti in write , the concept , discoveri , develop or make of ani joint know-how or joint patent by person who perform activ for it under thi agreement . each parti will execut and record assign and other necessari document consist with such ownership promptli upon request . 7.2 mainten and prosecut of patent . 7.2.1 patent prosecut and mainten of harpoon patent and joint patent . ( a ) subject to section 7.2.1 ( b ) , harpoon shall have the right , but not the oblig , through the use of intern or outsid counsel to prepar , file , prosecut , and maintain the harpoon patent and joint patent worldwid , at harpoon ’ s sole cost and expens . where a harpoon patent or joint patent [ ] . harpoon shall [ ] with regard to the prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of such harpoon patent or joint patent , includ by provid abbvi with a copi of materi commun to and from ani patent author in the territori regard such harpoon patent or joint patent , and by provid abbvi draft of ani materi file or respons to be made to such patent author in the territori suffici in advanc of submit such file or respons so as to allow for a reason opportun for abbvi to review and comment thereon . harpoon shall consid in good faith the request and suggest of abbvi with respect to such draft and with respect to strategi for file and prosecut such harpoon patent or joint patent in the territori . notwithstand the forego , harpoon shall promptli inform abbvi of ani adversari patent offic proceed or sua spont file , includ a request for , or file or declar of , ani interfer , opposit , or re-examin relat to a harpoon patent or joint patent in the territori . the parti shall thereaft consult and cooper to determin a cours of action with respect to ani such proceed in the territori and harpoon shall consid in good faith all comment , request and suggest provid by abbvi . [ ] if harpoon decid not to prepar , file , prosecut , or maintain a harpoon patent or joint patent in a countri or other jurisdict in the territori , harpoon shall provid reason prior written notic to abbvi of such intent ( which notic shall , in ani event , be given no later than [ ] prior to the next deadlin for ani action that may be taken with respect to such harpoon patent or joint patent in such countri or other jurisdict ) , abbvi shall thereupon have the option , in it sole discret , to assum the control and direct of the prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of such harpoon patent or joint patent at it expens in such countri or other jurisdict . upon abbvi ’ s written accept of such option , abbvi shall assum the respons and control for the prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of such harpoon patent or joint patent . in such event , harpoon shall reason cooper with abbvi in such countri or other jurisdict as provid under section 7.2.3 . ( b ) on and after the licens option exercis close date with respect to a licens compound or licens product , abbvi shall have the respons for and control over the - 43 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of all harpoon patent that [ ] ( “ product-specif patent ” ) and joint patent , at abbvi ’ s sole cost and expens . for clariti , product-specif patent shall not includ [ ] , includ ani patent that [ ] as long as such harpoon patent doe not includ ani claim [ ] . abbvi shall keep harpoon fulli inform of all materi step with regard to the prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of product-specif patent or joint patent . if abbvi decid not to prepar , file , prosecut , or maintain a product-specif patent or joint patent in a countri or other jurisdict in the territori , abbvi shall provid reason prior written notic to harpoon of such intent ( which notic shall , in ani event , be given no later than [ ] prior to the next deadlin for ani action that may be taken with respect to such product-specif patent or joint patent in such countri or other jurisdict ) , and harpoon shall thereupon have the option , in it sole discret , to assum the control and direct of the prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of such product-specif patent or joint patent at it sole cost and expens in such countri or other jurisdict . upon harpoon ’ s written accept of such option , harpoon shall assum the respons and control for the prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of such specif product-specif patent or joint patent . in such event , abbvi shall reason cooper with harpoon in such countri or other jurisdict as provid under section 7.2.3 . 7.2.2 patent prosecut and mainten of abbvi patent . abbvi shall have the right , but not the oblig , to prepar , file , prosecut , and maintain the abbvi patent worldwid , at abbvi ’ s sole cost and expens . 7.2.3 cooper . the parti agre to cooper fulli in the prepar , file , prosecut , and mainten of the harpoon patent and joint patent in the territori under thi agreement . cooper shall includ : ( a ) without limit ani other right and oblig of the parti under thi agreement , cooper with respect to the time , scope and file of such patent to preserv and enhanc the patent protect for licens compound and licens product , includ the manufactur and use thereof; ( b ) execut all paper and instrument , or requir it employe or contractor to execut such paper and instrument , so as to ( i ) effectu the ownership of intellectu properti set forth in section 7.1.1 and 7.1.2; ( ii ) enabl the other parti to appli for and to prosecut patent applic in the territory; and ( iii ) obtain and maintain ani patent extens , supplementari protect certif , and the like with respect to the harpoon patent and joint patent in the territori , in each case ( ( i ) , ( ii ) , and ( iii ) ) to the extent provid for in thi agreement; ( c ) consist with thi agreement , assist in ani licens registr process with applic government author that may be avail in the territori for the protect of a parti ’ s interest in thi agreement; and ( d ) promptli inform the other parti of ani matter come to such parti ’ s attent that may materi affect the prepar , file , prosecut , or mainten of ani such patent in the territori . 7.2.4 patent term extens and supplementari protect certif . abbvi shall be respons for make decis regard patent term extens , includ supplementari protect certif and ani other extens that are now or becom avail in the futur , wherev applic , for abbvi patent , joint patent and product- specif patent in ani countri or other jurisdict - 44 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 and for appli for ani extens ( includ patent term extens and supplementari protect certif ) with respect to such patent in the territori . harpoon shall provid prompt and reason assist , as request by abbvi , includ by take such action as patent holder as is requir under ani applic law to obtain such extens . abbvi shall pay all expens in regard to obtain such extens in the territori . 7.2.5 european patent . on or after the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall have the sole right to decid whether a joint patent or a product-specif patent should be valid or maintain as a unitari patent , whether and when such patent should be opt out of or opt in to the jurisdict of the unifi patent court ( upc ) ( includ withdraw of an opt-out ) , as well as ani other issu concern the jurisdict of the upc in connect with such patent . harpoon shall , at abbvi ’ s cost and expens , cooper with abbvi and provid to abbvi and submit to author all necessari document to effect such decis . 7.2.6 patent list . with respect to each licens product , abbvi will have the sole right to list joint patent and product-specif patent with regulatori author or other agenc , includ as requir or allow under applic law . abbvi shall notifi harpoon in write of ani harpoon patent that it intend to list with regulatori author relat to the licens product and , prior to file ani such list , consult with and consid in good faith the request and suggest of harpoon regard the same . 7.3 enforc of patent . 7.3.1 enforc of harpoon patent . each parti shall promptli notifi the other parti in write of ani alleg or threaten infring of the product-specif patent by a third parti in the territori of which such parti becom awar base on the develop , commerci or exploit of , or an applic to market , a licens product or a product contain a licens compound in the territori ( the “ product infring ” ) . abbvi shall have the sole right , but not the oblig , to prosecut ani product infring involv ani claim of product-specif patent at it sole expens and abbvi shall retain control of the prosecut of such claim , suit or proceed . harpoon shall have the right to join as a parti to such claim , suit , or proceed in the territori and particip with it own counsel at it own expense; provid that abbvi shall retain control of the prosecut of such claim , suit , or proceed . dure ani such claim , suit , or proceed , abbvi shall keep harpoon reason inform of all materi develop in connect with such claim , suit or proceed . if abbvi doe not take commerci reason step to prosecut ( includ settl ) such a product infring in a countri or jurisdict , then ( a ) harpoon may , but is not oblig to , prosecut the product infring at it own expens in such countri or jurisdict , and ( b ) if harpoon prosecut such product infring and obtain an injunct that prevent the sale of a biosimilar product by such third parti in such countri or jurisdict , abbvi shall not be entitl to appli ani royalti reduct pursuant to section 6.5.3 ( a ) that would otherwis appli as a result of the sale of such biosimilar product by such third parti after the period of such injunct . 7.3.2 enforc of abbvi patent and joint patent . ( a ) each parti shall promptli notifi the other parti in write of ani alleg or threaten infring of the harpoon patent that are not product-specif patent , abbvi patent or joint patent by a third parti in the territori of which such parti becom awar base on the develop , commerci , exploit , or an applic to market a licens product or a product contain a licens compound in the territori . ( b ) subject to section 7.3.3 and 7.3.4 , harpoon shall have the first right , but not the oblig , to prosecut ani such alleg or threaten infring of harpoon patent that are not product-specif patent in the territori at it sole expens and harpoon shall retain control of the - 45 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 prosecut of such claim , suit or proceed . if harpoon prosecut ani such infring , abbvi shall have the right to join as a parti to such claim , suit or proceed in the territori and particip with it own counsel at it own expense; provid that harpoon shall retain control of the prosecut of such claim , suit or proceed . dure ani such claim , suit , or proceed , harpoon shall keep abbvi reason inform of all materi develop in connect with such claim , suit or proceed . if harpoon doe not take commerci reason step to prosecut the alleg or threaten infring in the territori with respect to such harpoon patent , then sole follow the licens option exercis close date , abbvi may prosecut such infring in the territori at it own expens , unless harpoon reason believ that the prosecut of such infring by abbvi would have a materi advers impact on harpoon ’ s global patent portfolio , or upon the use or applic of such harpoon patent in connect with other product and compound control by harpoon , it affili or sublicense . for clariti , thi section 7.3.2 ( b ) is inapplic to ani biosimilar patent litig relat to ani licens compound or licens product as set forth in section 7.3.3 and 7.3.4 . ( c ) abbvi shall have the sole right , but not the oblig , to prosecut ani such infring of the abbvi patent in the territori at it sole expens and abbvi shall retain control of the prosecut of such claim , suit or proceed . ( d ) abbvi shall have the first right , but not the oblig , to prosecut ani such infring of joint patent in the territori at it sole expens and abbvi shall retain control of the prosecut of such claim , suit or proceed . if abbvi prosecut ani such infring , harpoon shall have the right to join as a parti to such claim , suit or proceed in the territori and particip with it own counsel at it own expense; provid that abbvi shall retain control of the prosecut of such claim , suit or proceed . dure ani such claim , suit , or proceed , abbvi shall keep harpoon reason inform of all materi develop in connect with such claim , suit or proceed . if abbvi doe not take commerci reason step to prosecut the alleg or threaten infring in the territori with respect to such joint patent , then harpoon may prosecut such infring in the territori at it own expens . 7.3.3 patent exclus list . if either parti receiv a copi of an applic submit to the fda under subsect ( k ) of section 351 of the phsa ( a “ biosimilar applic ” ) name a licens product as a refer product or otherwis becom awar that such a biosimilar applic ha been file ( such as in an instanc describ in section 351 ( l ) ( 9 ) ( c ) of the phsa ) , such parti shall , within [ ] , notifi the other parti so that the other parti may seek permiss to view the applic and relat confidenti inform from the filer of the biosimilar applic under section 351 ( l ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( iii ) of the phsa . if either parti receiv ani equival or similar certif or notic in ani other jurisdict in the territori , either parti shall , within [ ] , notifi and provid the other parti with copi of such commun . regardless of the parti that is the “ refer product sponsor ” for purpos of such biosimilar applic , ( a ) [ ] ; ( b ) abbvi shall have the right to list ani abbvi patent , joint patent , product-specif patent , and , upon the written consent of harpoon , such consent not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay ( take into account , without limit , the potenti impact of such consent on harpoon ’ s platform technolog and/or other product undergo develop or commerci by harpoon or it third parti license and cover by such harpoon patent ) , other harpoon patent , insofar as they cover the biosimilar product as requir pursuant to section 351 ( l ) ( 3 ) ( a ) , section 351 ( l ) ( 5 ) ( b ) ( i ) ( ii ) , or section 351 ( l ) ( 7 ) of the phsa , to respond to ani commun with respect to such list from the filer of the biosimilar applic , and to negoti with the filer of the biosimilar applic as to whether to util a differ mechan for inform exchang than that specifi in section 351 ( l ) of the phsa; and ( c ) [ ] shall have the sole right to identifi such patent or respond to commun under ani equival or similar list in ani other jurisdict in the territori . if requir pursuant to applic law , [ ] shall prepar such list and make such respons at [ ] harpoon shall cooper with abbvi ’ s reason request in connect therewith , includ meet ani submiss deadlin , in each case , to the extent requir or permit by applic law . abbvi shall ( a ) reason consult with [ ] - 46 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] to a third parti as contempl by thi section 7.3.3 , and shall consid in good faith harpoon ’ s advic , request and suggest with respect thereto , and ( b ) notifi harpoon of ani such list or commun promptli after they are made . 7.3.4 conduct of biosimilar patent litig includ under the biolog price competit and innov act . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 7.3 , abbvi shall be respons for initi and manag ani biosimilar litig relat to licens compound or licens product worldwid . abbvi shall have the first right to bring an action for infring of the abbvi patent , joint patent , product-specif patent and , upon the written consent of harpoon , such consent not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay ( take into account , without limit , the potenti impact of such consent on harpoon ’ s platform technolog and/or other product undergo develop or commerci by harpoon or it third parti license and cover by such harpoon patent ) , other harpoon patent , includ as requir under section 351 ( l ) ( 6 ) of the phsa follow the agreement on a list of patent for litig under section 351 ( l ) ( 4 ) or exchang of patent list pursuant to section 351 ( l ) ( 5 ) ( b ) of such act , or as requir follow ani equival or similar certif or notic in ani other jurisdict . if harpoon decid pursuant to thi agreement not to allow abbvi to includ such other harpoon patent in a litig against a biosimilar applic for a biosimilar product , harpoon shall not assert such patent in ani litig against the same biosimilar applic for the same biosimilar product without written approv by abbvi . the parti ’ right and oblig with respect to the forego legal action shall be as set forth in section 7.3.1 through 7.3.5; provid that within [ ] of reach agreement on a list of patent for litig under section 351 ( l ) ( 4 ) or exchang of patent list pursuant to section 351 ( l ) ( 5 ) ( b ) , abbvi shall notifi harpoon as to whether or not it elect to prosecut such infring . either parti shall , within [ ] , notifi and provid the other parti with copi of ani notic of commerci market provid by the filer of a biosimilar applic pursuant to section 351 ( l ) ( 8 ) ( a ) of the phsa , or ani equival or similar certif or notic in ani other jurisdict . thereaft , abbvi shall have the first right to seek an injunct or other remedi against such commerci market as permit pursuant to section 351 ( l ) ( 8 ) ( b ) of the phsa . 7.3.5 cooper . the parti agre to cooper fulli in ani infring action pursuant to thi section 7.3. where a parti bring such an action in accord with thi agreement , the other parti shall , where necessari , furnish a power of attorney sole for such purpos or shall join in , or be name as a necessari parti to , such action . unless otherwis set forth herein , the parti entitl to bring ani patent infring litig in accord with thi section 7.3 shall have the right to settl such claim; provid that neither parti shall have the right to settl ani patent infring litig under thi section 7.3 in a manner that impos ani cost or liabil on , or involv ani admiss by , the other parti , without the express written consent of such other parti . the parti commenc the litig shall provid the other parti with copi of all plead and other document file with the court if do so would not waiv ani privileg or violat ani court order or applic law , and shall consid reason input from the other parti dure the cours of the proceed . 7.3.6 recoveri . ani recoveri realiz as a result of such litig describ in section 7.3.1 , 7.3.2 , or 7.3.5 ( whether by way of settlement or otherwis ) shall be first , alloc to reimburs the parti for their cost and expens in make such recoveri ( which amount shall be alloc pro rata if insuffici to cover the total of such expens ) . [ ] 7.4 infring claim by third parti . if the manufactur , sale , or use of a licens compound or licens product in the territori pursuant to thi agreement result in , or may result - 47 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 in , ani claim , suit , or proceed by a third parti alleg patent infring by abbvi ( or it affili or sublicense ) , abbvi shall promptli notifi harpoon thereof in write . subject to section 11.2 , abbvi shall have the first right , but not the oblig , to defend and control the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed at it own expens , use counsel of it own choic . harpoon may particip in ani such claim , suit , or proceed with counsel of it choic at it own expens . the assumpt of the defens of a claim that may be subject to section 11.2 by either abbvi or harpoon shall not be constru as an acknowledg that harpoon is liabl to indemnifi ani abbvi indemnite in respect of such indemn claim , nor shall it constitut a waiver by harpoon of ani defens it may assert against an abbvi indemnite ’ s claim for indemnif . without limit of the forego , if abbvi find it necessari or desir to join harpoon as a parti to ani such action , harpoon shall , at abbvi ’ s expens , execut all paper and perform such act as shall be reason requir . if abbvi elect ( in a written commun submit to harpoon within a reason amount of time after notic of the alleg patent infring ) not to defend or control the defens of , or otherwis fail to initi and maintain the defens of , ani such claim , suit , or proceed , within such time period so that harpoon is not prejud by ani delay , harpoon may conduct and control the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed at it own expens . each parti shall keep the other parti reason inform of all materi develop in connect with ani such claim , suit , or proceed . [ ] under thi section 7.4 shall be [ ] 7.5 invalid or unenforc defens or action . 7.5.1 notic . each parti shall promptli notifi the other parti in write of ani alleg or threaten assert of invalid , unpatent or unenforc of ani of the harpoon patent , abbvi patent , or joint patent by a third parti , in each case in the territori and of which such parti becom awar . 7.5.2 harpoon patent . ( a ) subject to section 7.5.2 ( b ) , harpoon shall have the first right , but not the oblig , to defend and control the defens of the valid , patent and enforc of the harpoon patent at it own expens in the territori . abbvi may particip in ani such claim , suit , or proceed in the territori with counsel of it choic at it own expense; provid that harpoon shall retain control of the defens in such claim , suit , or proceed . if harpoon elect not to defend or control the defens of such harpoon patent in a suit brought in the territori , or otherwis fail to initi and maintain the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed , then sole with respect to product-specif patent includ in the harpoon patent , and subject to section 7.5.2 ( b ) , abbvi may request to conduct and control the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed at it own expens , with harpoon ’ s consent not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . ( b ) on and after the licens option exercis close date , abbvi shall have the respons for and control over the defens of the valid , patent and enforc of product-specif patent at abbvi ’ s sole cost and expens . harpoon may particip in ani such claim , suit , or proceed in the territori with counsel of it choic at it own expense; provid that abbvi shall retain control of the defens in such claim , suit , or proceed . if abbvi elect not to defend or control the defens of such product-specif patent in a suit brought in the territori , or otherwis fail to initi and maintain - 48 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed , then harpoon may conduct and control the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed at it own expens . 7.5.3 abbvi patent and joint patent . ( a ) abbvi shall have the sole right , but not the oblig , to defend and control the defens of the valid and enforc of the abbvi patent at it own expens in the territori . ( b ) the parti who is prosecut the joint patent at the relev time shall have the first right , but not the oblig , to defend and control the defens of the valid and enforc of the joint patent at it own expens in the territori . the other parti may particip in ani such claim , suit , or proceed in the territori relat to the joint patent with counsel of it choic at it own expense; provid that the parti who is prosecut the joint patent at the relev time shall retain control of the defens in such claim , suit , or proceed . if the parti who is prosecut the joint patent at the relev time elect not to defend or control the defens of the joint patent in a suit brought in the territori , or otherwis fail to initi and maintain the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed , then the other parti may conduct and control the defens of ani such claim , suit , or proceed , at it own expens . 7.5.4 cooper . each parti shall assist and cooper with the other parti as such other parti may reason request from time to time in connect with it activ set forth in thi section 7.5 , includ by be join as a parti plaintiff in such action or proceed , provid access to relev document and other evid , and make it employe avail at reason busi hour . in connect with ani such defens or claim or counterclaim , the control parti shall consid in good faith ani comment from the other parti and shall keep the other parti reason inform of ani step taken , and shall provid copi of all document file , in connect with such defens , claim , or counterclaim provid that do so would not waiv ani privileg or violat ani court order or applic law . in connect with the activ set forth in thi section 7.5 , each parti shall consult with the other as to the strategi for the defens of the harpoon patent and joint patent . neither parti shall have the right to settl ani claim , suit , or proceed under thi section 7.5 in a manner that impos ani cost or liabil on , or involv ani admiss by , the other parti , without the express written consent of such other parti . 7.5.5 relationship to enforc of patent . notwithstand anyth herein to the contrari , the defens to ani challeng of valid , enforc or patent of ani of the harpoon patent , abbvi patent , or joint patent that is rais in connect with or in respons to an infring action or a biosimilar litig shall be control by the parti who control that infring action or biosimilar litig , and such parti shall have the right to manag , resolv , settl or dispos ani such challeng accord to section 7.3 , provid that ( a ) with respect to ani harpoon patent that are not product- specif patent and are not involv in ani biosimilar patent litig , where abbvi is the control parti in connect with an infring action , abbvi shall not resolv , settl or dispos of such action or litig in ani way that would admit liabil on the part of harpoon , or materi impact the valid , scope or enforc of such harpoon patent , without harpoon ’ s prior written consent , not to be unreason withheld or delay , and ( b ) with respect to ani harpoon patent for which harpoon did not give it consent to includ within a biosimilar litig , and harpoon is the control parti in connect with an infring action involv such patent , then harpoon shall be the control parti in connect with the defens to ani challeng of valid , enforc or patent of such harpoon patent , but shall reason consult with abbvi in connect with ani such defens , and shall consid in good faith abbvi ’ s reason comment in relat thereto . 7.6 product trademark . as between the parti , abbvi shall own all right , titl , and interest to the product trademark in the territori , and shall be respons for the registr , prosecut , mainten and enforc thereof . all cost and expens of regist , prosecut , maintain and enforc the product trademark shall be born sole by abbvi . harpoon shall provid all assist and - 49 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 document reason request by abbvi in support of it prosecut , registr , mainten and enforc of the product trademark . 7.7 intern nonproprietari name . as between the parti , abbvi shall have the sole right and respons to select the intern nonproprietari name or other name or identifi for ani licens compound or licens product . abbvi shall have the sole right and respons to appli for submiss to the world health organ for the intern nonproprietari name , and submiss to the unit state adopt name council for the unit state adopt name . 7.8 inventor 's remuner . each parti shall be sole respons for ani remuner that may be due such parti 's inventor under ani applic inventor remuner law . 7.9 common interest . all inform exchang between the parti regard the prosecut , mainten , enforc and defens of patent under thi articl 7 will be deem to be confidenti inform of the disclos parti . in addit , the parti acknowledg and agre that , with regard to such prosecut , mainten , enforc and defens , the interest of the parti as collabor and harpoon and license are to , for their mutual benefit , obtain patent protect and plan patent defens against potenti infring activ by third parti , and as such , are align and are legal in natur . the parti agre and acknowledg that they have not waiv , and noth in thi agreement constitut a waiver of , ani legal privileg concern patent under thi articl 7 , includ privileg under the common interest doctrin and similar or relat doctrin . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , to the extent a parti ha a good faith belief that ani inform requir to be disclos by such parti to the other parti under thi articl 7 is protect by attorney-cli privileg or ani other applic legal privileg or immun , such parti shall not be requir to disclos such inform and the parti shall in good faith cooper to agre upon a procedur ( which may includ enter into a specif common interest agreement , disclos such inform on a “ for counsel eye onli ” basi or similar procedur ) under which such inform may be disclos without waiv or breach such privileg or immun . articl 8 pharmacovigil and safeti 8.1 pharmacovigil . within [ ] after the licens option exercis close date , the parti shall enter into an agreement to initi a process for the exchang of advers event safeti data in a mutual agre format , includ postmarket spontan report receiv by the parti or it affili in order to ( a ) with respect to abbvi , monitor the safeti of the licens compound or licens product and to meet report requir with ani applic regulatori author and ( b ) with respect to harpoon , permit reason access to advers event safeti data for licens compound or licens product , in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) at abbvi ’ s expens . notwithstand the forgo , if ani advers event safeti data is receiv or otherwis gener by harpoon follow the licens option exercis close date and prior to the execut of such agreement , harpoon shall , within [ ] of receiv or otherwis gener such data , provid such data to abbvi by email to : [ ] . 8.2 global safeti databas . harpoon shall initi set up , hold and maintain ( at it sole cost and expens ) the global safeti databas for licens compound and licens product with respect to safeti data obtain in connect with the initi develop activ . within [ ] after the licens option exercis close date , harpoon shall transfer to abbvi , in an electron format reason satisfactori to abbvi , the complet content of the safeti databas maintain by harpoon pursuant to the immedi forego sentenc , and thereaft abbvi shall set up , hold , and maintain ( at abbvi ’ s sole cost and expens ) the global safeti databas for licens compound or licens product . harpoon shall provid abbvi with all inform necessari or desir for abbvi to compli with it pharmacovigil respons in the territori , includ , as applic , ani advers drug experi , from pre-clin or clinic laboratori , anim toxicolog and pharmacolog studi , clinic studi , and commerci experi - 50 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 with a licens compound or licens product , in each case in ani form agre upon between abbvi and harpoon at the time of the request . articl 9 confidenti and non-disclosur 9.1 product inform . harpoon recogn that by reason of abbvi ’ s statu as an exclus optione pursuant to the grant under section 3.2.3 , abbvi ha an interest in harpoon maintain the confidenti of certain inform of harpoon . accordingli , follow the licens option exercis close date and for the remaind of the term , harpoon shall , and shall caus it affili and it and their respect offic , director , employe , and agent to , keep confidenti , and not publish or otherwis disclos , and not use directli or indirectli for ani purpos other than to fulfil harpoon ’ s oblig hereund ani inform own or otherwis control by harpoon or ani of it affili specif relat to ani licens compound or licens product , or the exploit of ani of the forego ( the “ product inform ” ) ; except to the extent ( a ) the product inform is in the public domain through no fault of harpoon , it affili or ani of it or their respect offic , director , employe , or agents; ( b ) such disclosur or use is expressli permit under section 9.3 , or ( c ) such disclosur or use is otherwis expressli permit by the term of thi agreement . product inform shall not includ [ ] . for purpos of section 9.3 , effect as of licens option exercis close date and for the remaind of the term , abbvi shall be deem to be the disclos parti with respect to product inform under section 9.3 and harpoon shall be deem to be the receiv parti with respect thereto . for further clarif , ( i ) without limit thi section 9.1 , to the extent product inform is disclos by harpoon to abbvi pursuant to thi agreement , such inform shall , subject to the other term and condit of thi articl 9 , also constitut confidenti inform of harpoon with respect to the use and disclosur of such inform by abbvi , but ( ii ) the disclosur by harpoon to abbvi of product inform shall not caus such inform to ceas to be subject to the provis of thi section 9.1 with respect to the use and disclosur of such confidenti inform by harpoon . [ ] . 9.2 confidenti oblig . at all time dure the term and for a period of [ ] follow termin or expir hereof in it entireti , each parti shall , and shall caus it offic , director , employe and agent to , keep confidenti and not publish or otherwis disclos to a third parti and not use , directli or indirectli , for ani purpos , ani confidenti inform furnish or otherwis made known to it , directli or indirectli , by the other parti , except to the extent such disclosur or use is expressli permit by the term of thi agreement or is necessari or reason use for the perform of , or the exercis of such parti ’ s right under , thi agreement . notwithstand the forego , to the extent the receiv parti can demonstr by document or other compet proof , the confidenti and non-us oblig under thi section 9.2 with respect to ani confidenti inform shall not includ ani inform that : 9.2.1 ha been publish by a third parti or otherwis is or hereaft becom part of the public domain by public use , public , gener knowledg or the like through no wrong act , fault or neglig on the part of the receiv party; - 51 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 9.2.2 ha been in the receiv parti ’ s possess prior to disclosur by the disclos parti without ani oblig of confidenti with respect to such information; provid that the forego except shall not appli with respect to regulatori document ( exclud clinic protocol ) or joint know-how; 9.2.3 is subsequ receiv by the receiv parti from a third parti without restrict and without breach of ani agreement between such third parti and the disclos party; 9.2.4 is gener made avail to third parti by the disclos parti without restrict on disclosure; or 9.2.5 ha been independ develop by or for the receiv parti without refer to , or use or disclosur of , the disclos parti ’ s confidenti information; provid that the forego except shall not appli with respect to regulatori document ( exclud clinic protocol ) or joint know-how . specif aspect or detail of confidenti inform shall not be deem to be within the public domain or in the possess of the receiv parti mere becaus the confidenti inform is embrac by more gener inform in the public domain or in the possess of the receiv parti . further , ani combin of confidenti inform shall not be consid in the public domain or in the possess of the receiv parti mere becaus individu element of such confidenti inform are in the public domain or in the possess of the receiv parti unless the combin and it principl are in the public domain or in the possess of the receiv parti . 9.3 permit disclosur . each parti may disclos confidenti inform to the extent that such disclosur is : 9.3.1 in the reason opinion of the receiv parti ’ s legal counsel , requir to be disclos pursuant to law , regul or a valid order of a court of compet jurisdict or other supra-n , feder , nation , region , state , provinci or local government bodi of compet jurisdict , ( includ by reason of file with secur regul , but subject to section 9.5 ) ; provid that the receiv parti shall first have given prompt written notic ( and to the extent possibl , at least [ ] notic ) to the disclos parti and given the disclos parti a reason opportun to take whatev action it deem necessari to protect it confidenti inform . in the event that no protect order or other remedi is obtain , or the disclos parti waiv complianc with the term of thi agreement , the receiv parti shall furnish onli that portion of confidenti inform which the receiv parti is advis by counsel is legal requir to be disclosed; 9.3.2 made by or on behalf of the receiv parti to the regulatori author as requir in connect with ani file , applic or request for regulatori approv of a licens product in accord with the term of thi agreement; provid that reason measur shall be taken to assur confidenti treatment of such confidenti inform to the extent practic and consist with applic law; 9.3.3 made by or on behalf of the receiv parti to a patent author as may be necessari or reason use for purpos of prepar , obtain , defend or enforc a patent in accord with the term of thi agreement; provid that reason measur shall be taken to assur confidenti treatment of such confidenti inform , to the extent such protect is available; 9.3.4 made to it or it affili ’ financi and legal advisor who have a need to know such disclos parti ’ s confidenti inform and are either under profession code of conduct give rise to expect of confidenti and non-us or under written agreement of confidenti and - 52 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 non-us , in each case , at least as restrict as those set forth in thi agreement; provid that the receiv parti shall remain respons for ani failur by such financi and legal advisor , to treat such confidenti inform as requir under thi article; 9.3.5 made by the receiv parti or it affili to potenti or actual investor or acquir as may be necessari in connect with their evalu of such potenti or actual invest or acquisition; provid that such person shall be subject to oblig of confidenti and non-us with respect to such confidenti inform substanti similar to the oblig of confidenti and non-us of the receiv parti pursuant to thi articl 9; 9.3.6 made by abbvi or it affili or sublicense to it or their advisor , consult , clinician , vendor , servic provid , contractor , exist or prospect collabor partner , license , sublicense , or other third parti as may be necessari or use in connect with the exploit of the licens compound , the licens product , or otherwis in connect with the perform of it oblig or exercis of it right as contempl by thi agreement; provid that such person shall be subject to oblig of confidenti and non-us with respect to such confidenti inform substanti similar to the oblig of confidenti and non-us of abbvi pursuant to thi articl 9; or 9.3.7 made by harpoon or it affili after receiv advanc approv from abbvi , to it or their advisor , consult , clinician , vendor , servic provid , contractor , or other third parti as may be necessari or use in connect with the perform of their oblig or exercis of their right as contempl by thi agreement; provid that such person shall be subject to oblig of confidenti and non-us with respect to such confidenti inform of abbvi substanti similar to the oblig of confidenti and non-us of harpoon pursuant to thi articl 9; provid , further , that the advanc approv requir set forth in thi section 9.3.7 shall not appli to third parti provid approv by abbvi pursuant to section 3.7 . 9.4 use of name . except as expressli provid herein , neither parti shall mention or otherwis use the name , logo , or trademark of the other parti or ani of it affili ( or ani abbrevi or adapt thereof ) in ani public , press releas , market and promot materi , or other form of public without the prior written approv of such other parti in each instanc . the restrict impos by thi section 9.4 shall not prohibit either parti from make ani disclosur identifi the other parti that , in the opinion of the disclos parti ’ s counsel , is requir by applic law; provid that such parti shall submit the propos disclosur identifi the other parti in write to the other parti as far in advanc as reason practic ( and in no event less than [ ] prior to the anticip date of disclosur ) so as to provid a reason opportun to comment thereon . 9.5 public announc . neither parti shall issu ani other public announc , press releas , or other public disclosur regard thi agreement or it subject matter without the other parti ’ s prior written consent , except for ani such disclosur that is , in the opinion of the disclos parti ’ s counsel , requir by applic law or the rule of a stock exchang on which the secur of the disclos parti are list ( or to which an applic for list ha been submit ) . notwithstand the forego , harpoon shall be free to issu ani public announc , press releas , or other public disclosur relat to ( a ) [ ] , ( b ) [ ] , ( c ) [ ] , and ( d ) ani public , present or disclosur that wa permit under section 9.6 , provid that ani such disclosur under ( a ) through ( d ) doe not contain ani confidenti inform of abbvi . in the event a parti is , in the opinion of it counsel , requir by applic law or - 53 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 the rule of a stock exchang on which it secur are list ( or to which an applic for list ha been submit ) to make such a public disclosur , such parti shall submit the propos disclosur in write to the other parti as far in advanc as reason practic ( and to the extent possibl , at least [ ] prior to the anticip date of disclosur ) so as to provid a reason opportun to comment thereon . notwithstand the forego , abbvi , it sublicense and it and their respect affili shall have the right to publicli disclos research , develop and commerci inform ( includ with respect to regulatori matter ) regard the licens compound and licens product , provid that ani such disclosur doe not contain ani confidenti inform of harpoon . 9.6 public . the parti acknowledg that scientif public must be monitor to prevent ani advers effect from prematur public of result of the activ contempl hereund . prior to the licens option exercis close date , if harpoon intend to publish , present ( includ present at ani scientif meet ) or otherwis disclos inform relat specif to the exploit of the licens compound or licens product , harpoon shall provid abbvi with such propos public , present or disclosur at least [ ] prior to the intend public date , provid that [ ] . abbvi will have the right to reason review and comment to such public , present or disclosur , and harpoon shall in good faith consid ani comment made by abbvi in such [ ] period . if such public , present or disclosur contain confidenti inform of abbvi , then upon abbvi ’ s request dure such [ ] period , harpoon shall delet ani such inform identifi by abbvi . if there is a disput regard harpoon ’ s right to publish prior to the licens option exercis close date , such disput shall be escal to the senior offic of each parti for resolut , provid that subject to the forego sentenc , harpoon shall have the right to make a final decis with respect to such public . follow the licens option exercis close date , harpoon shall not publish , present , or otherwis disclos , and shall caus it affili and third parti provid and it and their employe and agent not to disclos ani product inform without the prior written consent of abbvi , except as requir by applic law . 9.7 return of confidenti inform . upon the effect date of the termin of thi agreement for ani reason , either parti may request in write , and the other parti shall either , with respect to confidenti inform ( in the event of termin of thi agreement with respect to [ ] termin territori but not in it entireti , sole to the extent relat specif and exclus to such termin territori ) to which such other parti doe not retain right under the surviv provis of thi agreement : ( a ) as soon as reason practic , destroy all copi of such confidenti inform in the possess of the other parti and confirm such destruct in write to the request party; or ( b ) as soon as reason practic , deliv to the request parti , at such other parti ’ s expens , all copi of such confidenti inform in the possess of such other party; provid that such other parti shall be permit to retain one ( 1 ) copi of such confidenti inform for the sole purpos of perform ani continu oblig or exercis ani surviv right hereund , as requir by applic law , or for litig or archiv purpos . notwithstand the forego , such other parti also shall be permit to retain such addit copi of or ani comput record or file contain such confidenti inform that have been creat sole by such parti ’ s automat archiv and back-up procedur , to the extent creat and retain in a manner consist with such other parti ’ s standard archiv and back-up procedur , but not for ani other use or purpos . 9.8 surviv . all confidenti inform shall continu to be subject to the term of thi agreement for the period set forth in section 9.2 . - 54 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 articl 10 represent and warranti 10.1 mutual represent and warranti . harpoon and abbvi each repres and warrant to the other , as of the effect date , as follow : 10.1.1 organ . it is a corpor duli incorpor , validli exist , and in good stand under the law of the jurisdict of it incorpor , and ha all requisit corpor power and author , to execut , deliv , and perform thi agreement . 10.1.2 author . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement and the perform by it of the transact contempl herebi have been duli author by all necessari corpor action , and do not violat ( a ) such parti ’ s charter document , bylaw , or other organiz document , ( b ) in ani materi respect , ani agreement , instrument , or contractu oblig to which such parti is bound , ( c ) ani requir of ani applic law , or ( d ) ani order , writ , judgment , injunct , decre , determin , or award of ani court or government agenc present in effect applic to such parti . 10.1.3 bind agreement . thi agreement is a legal , valid , and bind oblig of such parti enforc against it in accord with it term and condit , subject to the effect of bankruptci , insolv , or other law of gener applic affect the enforc of creditor right , judici principl affect the avail of specif perform , and gener principl of equiti ( whether enforc is consid a proceed at law or equiti ) . 10.1.4 no inconsist oblig . it is not under ani oblig , contractu or otherwis , to ani person that conflict with or is inconsist in ani materi respect with the term of thi agreement , or that would imped the dilig and complet fulfil of it oblig hereund . 10.1.5 no misstat or omiss . the represent and warranti of such parti in thi agreement , and the inform , document and materi furnish to the other parti in respons to such parti ’ s written request for due dilig inform prior to the effect date , do not , taken as a whole , ( a ) contain ani untru statement of a materi fact , or ( b ) omit to state ani materi fact necessari to make the statement or fact contain therein , in light of the circumst under which they were made , not mislead . 10.2 addit represent and warranti of harpoon . except as set forth on schedul 10.2 , harpoon further repres and warrant to abbvi , as of the effect date , as follow : 10.2.1 all harpoon patent exist as of the effect date are list on schedul 10.2.1 ( the “ exist patent ” ) . to harpoon ’ s knowledg , all exist patent exist as of the effect date are subsist and , to harpoon ’ s knowledg , are not invalid or unenforc , in whole or in part , are be dilig prosecut in the applic patent offic in the territori in accord with applic law , and have been file and maintain properli and correctli in all materi aspect and all applic fee have been paid on or befor the due date for payment . 10.2.2 there are no judgment , or settlement against , or amount with respect thereto , owe by harpoon or ani of it affili relat to the exist patent , or the harpoon know-how . no claim or litig ha been brought or threaten in write or ani other form by ani person alleg , and harpoon ha no knowledg of ani claim , whether or not assert , that the exist patent are invalid or unenforc . to harpoon ’ s knowledg , the develop or commerci of the licens compound or licens product as contempl herein , doe not or will not violat , infring , misappropri or otherwis conflict or interfer with , ani patent or other intellectu properti or proprietari right of ani third - 55 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 parti . to harpoon ’ s knowledg , no person is infring or threaten to infring or misappropri or threaten to misappropri the exist patent or the harpoon know-how . 10.2.3 harpoon is ( a ) the sole and exclus owner of the entir right , titl and interest in the exist patent list on schedul 10.2.1 , part a ( the “ own patent ” ) and the harpoon know-how and ( b ) the sole and exclus license of the exist patent list on schedul 10.2.1 , part b ( the “ in-licens patent ” ) which are subject to valid and enforc in-licens agreement , in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) free of ani encumbr , lien , or claim of ownership by ani third parti . harpoon is entitl to grant the licens specifi herein . the own patent and in-licens patent repres all of the exist patent . 10.2.4 harpoon ha the right to use and licens ( or sublicens as the case may be ) to abbvi all inform and patent necessari to develop , manufactur and commerci the licens compound and the licens product as contempl herein . the harpoon patent and harpoon know-how are not and will not be subject to ani licens or other agreement to which harpoon or ani of it affili is a parti other than a harpoon in-licens agreement . 10.2.5 as of the effect date , none of harpoon or it affili and , to harpoon ’ s knowledg , ani third parti is in materi breach of ani harpoon in-licens agreement . 10.2.6 true , complet , and correct copi of : ( a ) harpoon in-licens agreements; and ( b ) all materi advers inform with respect to the safeti and efficaci of the licens compound known to harpoon , in each case ( ( a ) through ( c ) ) have been provid or made avail to abbvi prior to the effect date . 10.2.7 harpoon and it affili have gener , prepar , maintain , and retain all regulatori document that is requir to be maintain or retain pursuant to and in accord with applic law , and all such inform is in all materi aspect true , complet and correct and what it purport to be . 10.2.8 each person who ha or ha had ani right in or to ani own patent or ani harpoon know-how , includ ani current or former offic , employe , agent or consult of harpoon or ani of it affili , ha assign and ha execut an agreement assign it entir right , titl , and interest in and to such own patent and harpoon know-how to harpoon . to harpoon ’ s knowledg , no current or former offic , employe , agent , or consult of harpoon or ani of it affili is in materi violat of ani term of ani assign or other agreement regard the protect of patent or other intellectu properti or proprietari inform of harpoon or ani third parti relat to the harpoon patent , harpoon know-how , licens compound or licens product . 10.2.9 all right in all invent and discoveri , made , develop , or conceiv by ani employe or independ contractor of harpoon or ani of it affili , and includ in harpoon know-how or that are the subject of one ( 1 ) or more exist patent have been assign in write to harpoon or such affili . 10.2.10 harpoon ha obtain the right ( includ under ani patent and other intellectu properti right ) to use all materi inform and other materi ( includ ani formul and manufactur process and procedur ) develop or deliv by ani third parti under ani agreement between harpoon and ani such third parti that is necessari or reason use for the develop or commerci of licens compound , and harpoon ha the right under each such agreement to licens and transfer such inform or other materi to abbvi and it designe and to grant abbvi the right to use such inform or other materi in the develop or commerci of the licens compound or the licens product as set forth in thi agreement . - 56 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 10.2.11 harpoon ha made ( and will make ) avail to abbvi , as set forth in section 3.5.1 , all regulatori document and harpoon know-how and all such regulatori document and harpoon know-how are ( and , if made avail after the effect date , will be ) , to harpoon ’ s knowledg , true , complet , and correct . neither harpoon nor ani of it affili ha ani knowledg of [ ] that ha not been disclos to abbvi as of the effect date . [ ] of a licens product . 10.2.12 neither harpoon nor ani of it affili , nor ani of it or their respect offic , employe , or , to harpoon ’ s knowledg , agent ha made an untru statement of materi fact or fraudul statement to the fda or ani other regulatori author with respect to the develop of the licens compound or the licens product , fail to disclos a materi fact requir to be disclos to the fda or ani other regulatori author with respect to the develop of the licens compound or the licens product , or commit an act , made a statement , or fail to make a statement with respect to the develop of the licens compound or the licens product that could reason be expect to provid a basi for the fda to invok it polici respect “ fraud , untru statement of materi fact , briberi , and illeg gratuiti ” , set forth in 56 fed . reg . 46191 ( septemb 10 , 1991 ) and ani amend thereto or ani analog law or polici in the territori . 10.2.13 there are no amount that will be requir to be paid to a third parti as a result of the develop or commerci of the licens compound or licens product that aris out of ani agreement to which harpoon or ani of it affili is a parti . 10.2.14 neither harpoon nor ani of it employe nor , to harpoon ’ s knowledg , agent perform hereund , have ever been , are current , or are the subject of a proceed that could lead to it or such employe or agent becom , as applic , a debar entiti or debar individu , an exclud entiti or exclud individu or a convict entiti or convict individu or ad to the fda ’ s disqualified/restrict list . if , dure the term , harpoon , or ani of it employe or agent perform hereund , becom or are the subject of a proceed that could lead to a person becom , as applic , a debar entiti or debar individu , an exclud entiti or exclud individu or a convict entiti or convict individu or ad to the fda ’ s disqualified/restrict list , harpoon shall immedi notifi abbvi , and abbvi shall have the right , exercis upon written notic given by abbvi to termin thi agreement . for purpos of thi agreement , the follow definit shall appli : ( a ) a “ debar individu ” is an individu who ha been debar by the fda pursuant to 21 u.s.c . §335a ( a ) or ( b ) from provid servic in ani capac to a person that ha an approv or pend drug or biolog product applic . ( b ) a “ debar entiti ” is a corpor , partnership or associ that ha been debar by the fda pursuant to 21 u.s.c . §335a ( a ) or ( b ) from submit or assist in the submiss of ani drug approv applic , or a subsidiari or affili of a debar entiti . ( c ) an “ exclud individu ” or “ exclud entiti ” is ( a ) an individu or entiti , as applic , who ha been exclud , debar , suspend or is otherwis inelig to particip in feder health care program such as medicar or medicaid by the offic of the inspector gener ( oig/hh ) of the u.s. depart of health and human servic , or ( b ) is an individu or entiti , as applic , who ha been exclud , debar , suspend or is otherwis inelig to particip in feder procur and non-procur program , includ those produc by the u.s. gener servic administr ( gsa ) . - 57 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( d ) a “ convict individu ” or “ convict entiti ” is an individu or entiti , as applic , who ha been convict of a crimin offens that fall within the ambit of 21 u.s.c . §335a ( a ) or 42 u.s.c . §1320a - 7 ( a ) , but ha not yet been exclud , debar , suspend or otherwis declar inelig . ( e ) “ fda ’ s disqualified/restrict list ” is the list of clinic investig restrict from receiv investig drug , biolog , or devic if the fda ha determin that the investig have repeatedli or deliber fail to compli with regulatori requir for studi or have submit fals inform to the studi sponsor or the fda .. 10.2.15 the invent claim or cover by the exist patent ( a ) were not conceiv , discov , develop , or otherwis made in connect with ani research activ fund , in whole or in part , by the feder govern of the unit state or ani agenc thereof , and ( b ) are not a “ subject invent ” as that term is describ in 35 u.s.c . section 201 ( f ) . 10.3 coven of harpoon . harpoon coven to abbvi as follow : 10.3.1 dure the term , neither harpoon nor ani of it affili shall encumb or diminish the right grant to abbvi hereund with respect to the harpoon patent , includ by not ( a ) commit ani act or knowingli permit the occurr of ani omiss that would caus the breach or termin of ani harpoon in-licens agreement , or ( b ) amend or otherwis modifi or permit to be amend or modifi , ani harpoon in-licens agreement , where such amend or modif would advers affect the right grant to abbvi hereund . harpoon shall promptli provid abbvi with notic of ani alleg , threaten , or actual breach of ani harpoon in-licens agreement . 10.3.2 at ani time follow the [ ] and prior to the expir of the option period ( as [ ] ) , at abbvi ’ s request , harpoon shall , at it sole cost and expens , exercis it option to acquir the commerci licens [ ] for licens product pursuant to [ ] . harpoon shall exercis such commerci licens promptli follow written notic of such elect by abbvi to harpoon . for clariti , harpoon shall not be respons for ani payment of ani financi oblig result from ani agreement abbvi elect to enter into with a third parti in connect with the manufactur of a licens compound or licens product under [ ] . 10.3.3 harpoon and it affili will employ person with appropri knowledg , expertis and experi to conduct and to overse the initi develop activ . 10.3.4 harpoon shall have obtain from each of it affili , sublicense , employe and agent who are particip in the exploit of the licens compound or licens product or who otherwis have access to ani abbvi inform or other confidenti inform of abbvi in connect with activ under thi agreement , right to ani and all inform that aris from or relat to such particip and is necessari or reason use for the develop or commerci of licens compound or licens product , in each case prior to the perform of or particip in such activ , such that abbvi shall , by virtu of thi agreement , receiv from harpoon , without payment beyond those requir by articl 6 , the licens and other right grant to abbvi hereund . 10.4 coven of abbvi . abbvi coven to harpoon as follow : 10.4.1 abbvi shall have obtain from each of it affili , sublicense , employe and agent who are particip in the exploit of the licens compound or licens product or who otherwis have access to ani harpoon inform or other confidenti inform of harpoon in connect with activ under thi agreement , right to ani and all inform that aris from - 58 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 or relat to such particip or access and is necessari or reason use for the develop or commerci of licens compound or licens product , in each case prior to the perform of or particip in such activ , such that harpoon shall , by virtu of thi agreement , receiv from abbvi , without addit consider , the licens specifi in section 5.2 . 10.5 disclaim of warranti . except for the express warranti set forth herein , neither parti make ani represent or grant ani warranti , express or impli , either in fact or by oper of law , by statut or otherwis , and each parti specif disclaim ani other warranti , whether written or oral , or express or impli , includ ani warranti of qualiti , merchant , or fit for a particular use or purpos or ani warranti as to the valid of ani patent or the non-infring of ani intellectu properti right of third parti . articl 11 indemn 11.1 indemnif of harpoon . abbvi shall indemnifi harpoon , it affili and it and their respect director , offic , employe , and agent ( the “ harpoon indemnite ” ) and defend and save each of them harmless , from and against ani and all loss , damag , liabil , penalti , cost , tax ( includ penalti and interest ) and expens ( includ reason attorney ’ fee and expens ) ( collect , “ loss ” ) in connect with ani and all suit , investig , claim , or demand of third parti ( collect , “ third parti claim ” ) incur by or render against the harpoon indemnite aris from or occur as a result of : [ ] 11.2 indemnif of abbvi . harpoon shall indemnifi abbvi , it affili and it and their respect director , offic , employe , and agent ( the “ abbvi indemnite ” ) , and defend and save each of them harmless , from and against ani and all loss in connect with ani and all third parti claim incur by or render against the abbvi indemnite aris from or occur as a result of : [ ] 11.3 notic of claim . all indemnif claim in respect of a parti , it affili , or their respect director , offic , employe and agent shall be made sole by such parti to thi agreement ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) . the indemnifi parti shall give the indemnifi parti prompt written notic ( an “ indemnif claim notic ” ) of ani loss or discoveri of fact upon which such indemnifi parti intend to base a request for indemnif under thi articl 11 , but in no event shall the indemnifi parti be liabl for ani loss to the extent result from ani delay in provid such notic . each indemnif claim notic must contain a descript of the claim and the natur and amount of such loss ( to the extent - 59 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 that the natur and amount of such loss is known at such time ) . the indemnifi parti shall furnish promptli to the indemnifi parti copi of all paper and offici document receiv in respect of ani loss and third parti claim . 11.4 control of defens . 11.4.1 in gener . subject to the provis of section 7.4 ( if applic ) , 7.5 and 7.6 , at it option , the indemnifi parti may assum the defens of ani third parti claim by give written notic to the indemnifi parti within [ ] after the indemnifi parti ’ s receipt of an indemnif claim notic . the assumpt of the defens of a third parti claim by the indemnifi parti shall not be constru as an acknowledg that the indemnifi parti is liabl to indemnifi the indemnifi parti in respect of the third parti claim , nor shall it constitut a waiver by the indemnifi parti of ani defens it may assert against the indemnifi parti ’ s claim for indemnif . upon assum the defens of a third parti claim , the indemnifi parti may appoint as lead counsel in the defens of the third parti claim ani legal counsel select by the indemnifi parti which shall be reason accept to the indemnifi parti . in the event the indemnifi parti assum the defens of a third parti claim , the indemnifi parti shall promptli deliv to the indemnifi parti all origin notic and document ( includ court paper ) receiv by the indemnifi parti in connect with the third parti claim . should the indemnifi parti assum the defens of a third parti claim , except as provid in section 11.4.2 , the indemnifi parti shall not be liabl to the indemnifi parti for ani legal expens subsequ incur by such indemnifi parti in connect with the analysi , defens or settlement of the third parti claim unless specif request in write by the indemnifi parti . in the event that it is ultim determin that the indemnifi parti is not oblig to indemnifi , defend or hold harmless the indemnifi parti from and against the third parti claim , the indemnifi parti shall reimburs the indemnifi parti for ani loss incur by the indemnifi parti in it defens of the third parti claim . 11.4.2 right to particip in defens . without limit section 11.4.1 , ani indemnifi parti shall be entitl to particip in , but not control , the defens of such third parti claim and to employ counsel of it choic for such purpose; provid that such employ shall be at the indemnifi parti ’ s own expens unless ( a ) the employ thereof , and the assumpt by the indemnifi parti of such expens , ha been specif author by the indemnifi parti in write , ( b ) the indemnifi parti ha fail to assum the defens and employ counsel in accord with section 11.4.1 ( in which case the indemnifi parti shall control the defens ) , or ( c ) the interest of the indemnifi parti and the indemnifi parti with respect to such third parti claim are suffici advers to prohibit the represent by the same counsel of both parti under applic law , ethic rule or equit principl ( in which case the indemnifi parti shall control it defens and the indemnifi parti shall control the defens of the indemnifi parti ) . 11.4.3 settlement . with respect to ani loss relat sole to the payment of money damag in connect with a third parti claim and that shall not result in the indemnifi parti ’ s becom subject to injunct or other relief , and as to which the indemnifi parti shall have acknowledg in write the oblig to indemnifi the indemnifi parti hereund , the indemnifi parti shall have the sole right to consent to the entri of ani judgment , enter into ani settlement or otherwis dispos of such loss , on such term as the indemnifi parti , in it sole discret , shall deem appropri . with respect to all other loss in connect with third parti claim , where the indemnifi parti ha assum the defens of the third parti claim in accord with section 11.4.1 , the indemnifi parti shall have author to consent to the entri of ani judgment , enter into ani settlement or otherwis dispos of such loss; provid that it obtain the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti ( which consent shall not be unreason withheld , condit or delay ) . if the indemnifi parti doe not assum and conduct the defens of a third parti claim as provid abov , the indemnifi parti may defend against such third parti claim . regardless of whether the indemnifi parti choos to defend or prosecut ani third parti claim , no indemnifi parti shall admit ani liabil with respect to , or settl , compromis or dispos of , ani third parti claim without - 60 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti . the indemnifi parti shall not be liabl for ani settlement , compromis or other disposit of a loss by an indemnifi parti that is reach without the written consent of the indemnifi parti . 11.4.4 cooper . regardless of whether the indemnifi parti choos to defend or prosecut ani third parti claim , the indemnifi parti shall , and shall caus each indemnite to , cooper in the defens or prosecut thereof and shall furnish such record , inform and testimoni , provid such wit and attend such confer , discoveri proceed , hear , trial and appeal as may be reason request in connect therewith . such cooper shall includ access [ ] afford to the indemnifi parti to , and reason retent by the indemnifi parti of , record and inform that are reason relev to such third parti claim , and make indemnifi parti and other employe and agent avail on a mutual conveni basi to provid addit inform and explan of ani materi provid hereund , and the indemnifi parti shall reimburs the indemnifi parti for all it reason out-of-pocket expens in connect therewith , subject to refund if the indemnifi parti is ultim held not to be oblig to indemnifi the indemnifi parti . 11.4.5 expens . except as provid abov , the reason and verifi cost and expens , includ fee and disburs of counsel , incur by the indemnifi parti in connect with ani third parti claim shall be reimburs on a [ ] basi in arrear by the indemnifi parti , without prejudic to the indemnifi parti ’ s right to contest the indemnifi parti ’ s right to indemnif and subject to refund in the event the indemnifi parti is ultim held not to be oblig to indemnifi the indemnifi parti . 11.5 special , indirect , and other loss . except ( a ) for fraud , will misconduct or gross neglig , ( b ) for a parti ’ s breach of it oblig under [ articl 9 or section 5.8 ] , ( c ) as provid under [ ] and ( d ) to the extent ani such damag are requir to be paid to a third parti as part of a claim for which a parti provid indemnif under thi articl 11 , neither parti nor ani of it affili shall be liabl for indirect , incident , special , exemplari , punit or consequenti damag , includ loss of profit or busi interrupt , howev caus and on ani theori of liabil , whether in contract , tort , neglig , breach of statutori duti or otherwis in connect with or aris in ani way out of the term of thi agreement or the transact contempl herebi or the use of the licens compound or licens product , even if advis of the possibl of such damag . 11.6 insur . each parti shall obtain and carri in full forc and effect the minimum insur requir set forth herein . such insur ( a ) shall be primari insur with respect to each parti ’ s own particip under thi agreement , ( b ) shall be issu by a recogn insur rate by a.m. best “ a-vii ” ( or it equival ) or better , or an insur pre- approv in write by the other parti , and ( c ) shall list the other parti as an addit insur under the gener liabil polici . 11.6.1 type and minimum limit . the type of insur , and minimum limit shall be : ( a ) worker ’ s compens with statutori limit in complianc with the worker ’ s compens law of the state or state in which the parti ha employe in the unit state ( exclud puerto rico ) . ( b ) employ ’ s liabil coverag with a minimum limit of [ ] provid that a parti ha employe in the unit state ( exclud puerto rico ) . - 61 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( c ) gener liabil insur with a minimum limit of [ ] and [ ] in the aggreg . gener liabil insur shall includ clinic trial insur . the limit may be met with a combin of primari and commerci umbrella insur . 11.6.2 certif of insur . upon request by a parti , the other parti shall provid certif of insur evidenc complianc with thi section . the insur polici shall be under an occurr form , but if onli a claims-mad form is avail to a parti , then such parti shall continu to maintain such insur after the expir or termin of thi agreement for the longer of ( a ) a period of [ ] follow termin or expir of thi agreement in it entireti , or ( b ) with respect to a particular parti , [ ] by a parti . 11.6.3 self-insur . notwithstand the forego , abbvi may self-insur , in whole or in part , the insur requir describ abov . articl 12 term and termin 12.1 term . 12.1.1 term . thi agreement shall commenc on the effect date and , unless earlier termin in accord herewith , shall continu in forc and effect until ( a ) the date of expir of the last royalti term for the last licens product , or ( b ) the expir of the licens option period and the failur of abbvi to exercis the licens option ( such period , the “ term ” ) . 12.1.2 effect of expir of the term . follow the expir of the term pursuant to claus ( a ) ( but not claus ( b ) ) of section 12.1.1 , the grant in section 5.1.3 shall becom non-exclus , fully-paid , royalty-fre and irrevoc . 12.2 termin for materi breach . 12.2.1 materi breach . if either parti ( the “ non-breach parti ” ) believ that the other parti ( the “ breach parti ” ) ha materi breach one ( 1 ) or more of it materi oblig under thi agreement , then the non-breach parti may deliv notic of such materi breach to the breach parti ( a “ default notic ” ) . if the breach parti doe not disput that it ha commit a materi breach of one ( 1 ) or more of it materi oblig under thi agreement , then if the breach parti fail to cure such breach within nineti ( 90 ) day after receipt of the default notic , or if such complianc can not be fulli achiev within such ninety- ( 90- ) day period and the breach parti ha fail to commenc complianc or ha fail to use dilig effort to achiev full complianc as soon thereaft as is reason possibl , the non-breach parti may termin thi agreement upon written notic to the breach parti . if the breach parti disput that it ha materi breach one ( 1 ) or more of it materi oblig under thi agreement , the disput shall be resolv pursuant to section 13.7. if , as a result of the applic of such disput resolut procedur , the breach parti is determin to be in materi breach of one ( 1 ) or more of it materi oblig under thi agreement ( an “ advers rule ” ) , then if the breach parti fail to complet the action specifi by the advers rule to cure such materi breach within [ ] after such rule , or if such complianc can not be fulli achiev within such [ ] period and the breach parti ha fail to commenc dilig effort to achiev full complianc as soon thereaft as is reason possibl or as prescrib by the arbitr , then the non-breach parti may termin thi agreement upon written notic to the breach parti . 12.2.2 materi breach relat to dilig in a major market . notwithstand section 12.2.1 , if the materi breach and failur to cure contempl by section 12.2.1 is - 62 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 with respect to abbvi ’ s commerci dilig oblig under section 4.2 with respect to ani major market , [ ] . 12.2.3 invoc of materi breach . notwithstand the forego , the parti agre that termin pursuant to thi section 12.2 is a remedi to be invok onli if the breach is not ( a ) cure in accord with section 12.2.1 ( includ the timefram set forth therein ) , ( b ) remedi through the payment of money damag determin in accord with section 13.7 or ( c ) adequ remedi through a combin of ( a ) and ( b ) . 12.3 addit termin right by abbvi . abbvi may termin thi agreement in it entireti , or on a countri or other jurisdict -by-countri or other jurisdict basi , for ani or no reason , upon nineti ( 90 ) day ’ prior written notic to harpoon . 12.4 termin for insolv . in the event that either parti ( a ) file for protect under bankruptci or insolv law , ( b ) make an assign for the benefit of creditor , ( c ) appoint or suffer appoint of a receiv or truste over substanti all of it properti that is not discharg within [ ] after such file , ( d ) is a parti to ani dissolut or liquid , ( e ) file a petit under ani bankruptci or insolv act or ha ani such petit file against it that is not discharg within [ ] of the file thereof , or ( f ) admit in write it inabl gener to meet it oblig as they fall due in the gener cours , then the other parti may termin thi agreement in it entireti effect immedi upon written notic to such parti . 12.5 right in bankruptci . 12.5.1 applic of 11 u.s.c . § 365 ( n ) . all right and licens ( collect , the “ intellectu properti ” ) grant under or pursuant to thi agreement , includ all right and licens to use improv or enhanc develop dure the term , are intend to be , and shall otherwis be deem to be , for purpos of section 365 ( n ) of the unit state bankruptci code ( the “ bankruptci code ” ) or ani analog provis in ani other countri or jurisdict , licens of right to “ intellectu properti ” as defin under section 101 ( 35a ) of the bankruptci code . the parti agre that the license of such intellectu properti under thi agreement shall retain and may fulli exercis all of it right and elect under the bankruptci code , includ section 365 ( n ) of the bankruptci code , or ani analog provis in ani other countri or jurisdict . all of the right grant to either parti under thi agreement shall be deem to exist immedi befor the occurr of ani bankruptci case in which the other parti is the debtor . 12.5.2 right of non-debtor parti in bankruptci . if a bankruptci proceed is commenc by or against either parti under the bankruptci code or ani analog provis in ani other countri or jurisdict , the non-debtor parti shall be entitl to a complet duplic of ( or complet access to , as appropri ) ani intellectu properti and all embodi of such intellectu properti , which , if not alreadi in the non-debtor parti ’ s possess , shall be deliv to the non- debtor parti within [ ] of such request; provid that the debtor parti is excus from it oblig to deliv the intellectu properti to the extent the debtor parti continu to perform all of it oblig under thi agreement and the agreement ha not been reject pursuant to the bankruptci code or ani analog provis in ani other countri or jurisdict . 12.6 termin in entireti . 12.6.1 in the event of a termin of thi agreement in it entireti by abbvi pursuant to section 12.3 , or by harpoon pursuant to section 12.2.1 or 12.4 : ( a ) all right and licens grant by harpoon hereund shall immedi terminate; - 63 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( b ) all right and licens grant by abbvi hereund shall immedi terminate; ( c ) subject to section 12.10.2 and section 12.7 ( sole follow the licens option exercis close date ) , abbvi shall ceas ani and all exploit of licens compound and licens product and transfer to harpoon , or destroy ( at harpoon ’ s sole elect ) , copi of all data and inform gener by abbvi in connect with the exploit of licens compound or licens product , and all right in such licens compound and licens product shall revert back to harpoon; and ( d ) if such termin occur follow the licens option exercis close date , section 12.7 shall appli with respect to licens compound and licens product that revert to harpoon ( the “ harpoon revers product ” ) . 12.6.2 if abbvi termin thi agreement in it entireti pursuant to section 12.2.1 ( subject to section 12.6.3 and section 12.6.4 ) or 12.4 : ( a ) all right and licens grant by harpoon hereund shall immedi termin , and abbvi shall have no further right in connect with licens compound and licens products; and ( b ) all right and licens grant by abbvi hereund shall immedi termin . 12.6.3 prior to the exercis of the licens option , if abbvi ha the right to termin thi agreement in it entireti pursuant to section 12.2.1 ( i.e . by mutual agreement or as may be final determin by an advers rule ) , then within [ ] follow the expir of the relev cure period , if ani , abbvi may , by written notic to harpoon , and as it sole and exclus remedi in lieu of exercis it right under section 12.2.1 with respect to such breach , elect to continu thi agreement as modifi by thi section 12.6.3 , in which case , effect as of the date abbvi deliv notic of such elect to harpoon : ( a ) [ ] ( b ) [ ] ( c ) [ ] ( d ) [ ] ( e ) [ ] ( f ) [ ] - 64 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( g ) follow the licens exercis option close date , all provis of thi agreement with respect to abbvi ’ s right and oblig follow the exercis of the licens option shall appli , provid that [ ] ; and ( h ) if the post csr option period expir without abbvi deliv a licens option exercis notic , then all right and licens grant by harpoon hereund shall immedi termin , and abbvi shall have no further right in connect with licens compound and licens product . 12.6.4 follow the licens option exercis close date , if abbvi ha the right to termin thi agreement in it entireti pursuant to section 12.2.1 ( i.e . by mutual agreement or as may be final determin by an advers rule ) , then within [ ] follow the expir of the relev cure period , if ani , abbvi may , by written notic to harpoon , and as it sole and exclus remedi in lieu of exercis it right under section 12.2.1 with respect to such breach , elect to continu thi agreement as modifi by thi section 12.6.4 , in which case , effect as of the date abbvi deliv notic of such elect to harpoon : ( a ) [ ] ( b ) [ ] ( c ) [ ] ( d ) [ ] 12.6.5 follow the licens option exercis close date , if abbvi ha the right to termin thi agreement in it entireti pursuant to section 12.4 , but elect to retain it right and licens pursuant to section 12.5 : ( a ) [ ] ( b ) [ ] ( c ) [ ] - 65 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 ( d ) [ ] . 12.7 revers of harpoon product . follow the licens option exercis close date , if thi agreement termin in it entireti , except for termin by abbvi pursuant to section 12.2.1 or section 12.4 , the follow shall appli with respect to harpoon revers product . 12.7.1 at harpoon ’ s sole elect by written notic to abbvi , abbvi shall grant , and herebi grant to harpoon , effect as of the effect date of termin , [ ] ( the “ abbvi revers ip ” ) ; provid that the forego licens shall exclud ( 1 ) ani licens or other right with respect to ani activ ingredi that is not a licens compound and ( 2 ) ani licens or other right with respect to ani other patent or know-how own or control by abbvi or ani of it affili . the forego licens under the abbvi revers ip shall be payabl on a country-by-countri basi and [ ] ( appli mutati mutandi to harpoon ) by harpoon , it affili or sublicense of harpoon revers product , begin [ ] . 12.7.2 abbvi shall [ ] , within a reason time follow the effect date of termin , [ ] that wa transfer by harpoon to abbvi with respect to each harpoon revers product . 12.7.3 at harpoon ’ s request , abbvi shall [ ] in connect with harpoon revers product prior to revers of such harpoon revers product . 12.7.4 abbvi shall [ ] pertain to the applic harpoon revers product in it possess or control . 12.7.5 with respect to ani licens product that becom a harpoon revers product dure ani period in which abbvi is [ ] for such licens product , abbvi shall [ ] - 66 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 [ ] , provid that harpoon [ ] the forego oblig . 12.7.6 if a [ ] , abbvi shall [ ] . addit , upon ani licens compound or licens product becom a harpoon revers product , abbvi shall [ ] 12.7.7 to the extent that abbvi [ ] for the commerci of a harpoon revers product [ ] , harpoon shall have the right to [ ] . harpoon shall exercis such right by written notic to abbvi within [ ] after such licens compound or licens product becom a harpoon revers product . 12.7.8 abbvi shall [ ] , as may be necessari under , or as harpoon may reason request in connect with harpoon ’ s right under thi section 12.7 . 12.8 termin of termin territori . in the event of a termin of thi agreement with respect to a countri or other jurisdict by abbvi pursuant to section 12.3 or with respect to a termin territori by harpoon pursuant to section 12.2.2 ( but not in the case of ani termin of thi agreement in it entireti ) , the term “ territori ” shall be automat amend to exclud the termin territori and all right and licens grant by harpoon hereund ( a ) shall automat be deem to be amend to exclud , if applic , the right to market , promot , detail , distribut , import , sell , offer for sale , file ani drug approv applic for , or seek ani regulatori approv for licens compound or licens product in such termin territori , and ( b ) shall otherwis surviv and continu in effect in such termin territori sole for the purpos of further ani commerci of the licens compound or licens product in the territori other than the termin territori or ani develop or manufactur in support thereof . 12.9 remedi . except as otherwis expressli provid herein , termin of thi agreement ( either in it entireti or with respect to one ( 1 ) or more countri ( i ) or other jurisdict ( s ) ) in accord with the provis hereof shall not limit remedi that may otherwis be avail in law or equiti . 12.10 accru rights; surviv oblig . 12.10.1 termin or expir of thi agreement ( either in it entireti or with respect to one ( 1 ) or more countri ( i ) or other jurisdict ( s ) ) for ani reason shall be without prejudic to ani right that shall have accru to the benefit of a parti prior to such termin or expir . such termin or expir shall not reliev a parti from oblig that are expressli indic to surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement . without limit the forego , section 3.6 [ ] ; 3.8.5 ( sole for the purpos , and in accord with the time period , set forth therein ) ; 4.6.1 ( with respect to ani amount incur prior to the effect date of termin and subject to reimburs by abbvi ) ; 6.2 through 6.6 ( with respect to payment for mileston event or net sale occur prior to the effect date of termin ) ; section 6.7 through 6.13; section 7.1.1 through 7.1.4 ( with respect to patent and know-how conceiv , discov , develop , or otherwis made prior to expir or termin of thi - 67 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 agreement ) ; section 7.9 ( with respect to inform exchang prior to the effect date of termin ) ; section 11.1 through 11.5; 12.1.2 and the grant referenc therein ( with respect to expir , but not termin , of thi agreement ) , 12.5 through 12.8 ( with respect to termin , but not expir , of thi agreement and in accord with the time period set forth therein ) , 12.10 , 13.2 , 13.3 through 13.13 , and 13.15 through 13.20 of thi agreement shall surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement for ani reason ( unless the reason is expressli limit therein ) , and articl 1 ( to the extent use in other surviv provis ) and 9 of thi agreement shall surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement for ani reason . if thi agreement is termin with respect to the termin territori but not in it entireti , then follow such termin the forego provis of thi agreement shall remain in effect with respect to the termin territori ( to the extent they would surviv and appli in the event the agreement expir or is termin in it entireti ) , and all provis not surviv in accord with the forego shall termin upon termin of thi agreement with respect to the termin territori and be of no further forc and effect ( and , for purpos of clariti , all provis of thi agreement shall remain in effect with respect to all countri in the territori other than the termin territori ) . 12.10.2 if abbvi termin thi agreement with respect to a countri or other jurisdict , or in it entireti pursuant to section 12.3 , abbvi shall have the right for at least [ ] and no more than [ ] , which period shall be determin by harpoon in it sole discret , after the effect date of such termin with respect to such countri or other jurisdict to sell or otherwis dispos of all licens compound or licens product then in it inventori and ani in-progress inventori , in each case that is intend for sale or disposit in such countri or other jurisdict , as though thi agreement had not termin with respect to such countri or other jurisdict , and such sale or disposit shall not constitut infring of harpoon ’ s or it affili ’ patent or other intellectu properti or other proprietari right . within [ ] from the expir from thi period , abbvi shall furnish harpoon a statement show the quantiti of licens product then in abbvi ’ s inventori and ani in- progress inventori . for purpos of clariti , abbvi shall continu to make payment thereon as provid in articl 6 ( as if thi agreement had not termin with respect to such major market or countri or other jurisdict ) . articl 13 miscellan 13.1 forc majeur . neither parti shall be held liabl or respons to the other parti or be deem to have default under or breach thi agreement for failur or delay in fulfil or perform ani term of thi agreement when such failur or delay is caus by or result from event beyond the reason control of the non-perform parti , includ fire , flood , earthquak , hurrican , embargo , shortag , epidem , quarantin , war , act of war ( whether war be declar or not ) , terrorist act , insurrect , riot , civil commot , act of god or act , omiss or delay in act by ani government author ( except to the extent such delay result from the breach by the non-perform parti or ani of it affili of ani term or condit of thi agreement ) . the non-perform parti shall notifi the other parti of such forc majeur within [ ] after such occurr by give written notic to the other parti state the natur of the event , it anticip durat , and ani action be taken to avoid or minim it effect . the suspens of perform shall be of no greater scope and no longer durat than is necessari and the non-perform parti shall use commerci reason effort to remedi it inabl to perform . 13.2 chang in control of harpoon . 13.2.1 harpoon ( or it successor ) shall provid abbvi with written notic of ani chang in control of harpoon or acquisit by harpoon within [ ] follow the close date of such transact . 13.2.2 in the event of [ ] - 68 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 13.3 export control . thi agreement is made subject to ani restrict concern the export of product or technic inform from the unit state or other countri that may be impos on the parti from time to time . each parti agre that it will not export , directli or indirectli , ani technic inform acquir from the other parti under thi agreement or ani product use such technic inform to a locat or in a manner that at the time of export requir an export licens or other government approv , without first obtain the written consent to do so from the appropri agenc or other government entiti in accord with applic law . 13.4 assign . 13.4.1 without the prior written consent of the other parti , such consent not to be unreason withheld , condit , or delay , neither parti shall sell , transfer , assign , deleg , pledg , or otherwis dispos of , whether voluntarili , involuntarili , by oper of law or otherwis , thi agreement or ani of it right or duti hereunder; provid that either parti may make such an assign without the other parti ’ s consent to it affili or to a successor , whether in a merger , sale of stock , sale of asset or ani other transact , of the busi to which thi agreement relat . with respect to an assign to an affili , the assign parti shall remain respons for the perform by such affili of the right and oblig hereund . ani attempt assign or deleg in violat of thi section 13.4 shall be void and of no effect . all validli assign and deleg right and oblig of the parti hereund shall be bind upon and inur to the benefit of and be enforc by and against the successor and permit assign of harpoon or abbvi , as the case may be . the permit assigne or transfere shall assum all oblig of it assignor or transferor under thi agreement . without limit the forego , the grant of right set forth in thi agreement shall be bind upon ani successor or permit assigne of harpoon , and the oblig of abbvi , includ the payment oblig , shall run in favor of ani such successor or permit assigne of harpoon ’ s benefit under thi agreement . 13.4.2 [ ] - 69 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 13.5 sever . if ani provis of thi agreement is held to be illeg , invalid , or unenforc under ani present or futur law , and if the right or oblig of either parti under thi agreement will not be materi and advers affect therebi , ( a ) such provis shall be fulli sever , ( b ) thi agreement shall be constru and enforc as if such illeg , invalid , or unenforc provis had never compris a part hereof , ( c ) the remain provis of thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect and shall not be affect by the illeg , invalid , or unenforc provis or by it sever herefrom , and ( d ) in lieu of such illeg , invalid , or unenforc provis , there shall be ad automat as a part of thi agreement a legal , valid , and enforc provis as similar in term to such illeg , invalid , or unenforc provis as may be possibl and reason accept to the parti . to the fullest extent permit by applic law , each parti herebi waiv ani provis of law that would render ani provis hereof illeg , invalid , or unenforc in ani respect . 13.6 govern law , jurisdict and servic . 13.6.1 govern law . thi agreement or the perform , enforc , breach or termin hereof shall be interpret , govern by and constru in accord with the law of the state of delawar , unit state , exclud ani conflict or choic of law rule or principl that might otherwis refer construct or interpret of thi agreement to the substant law of anoth jurisdiction; provid that all question concern ( a ) inventorship of patent under thi agreement shall be determin in accord with section 7.1.3 and ( b ) the construct or effect of patent shall be determin in accord with the law of the countri or other jurisdict in which the particular patent ha been file or grant , as the case may be . the parti agre to exclud the applic to thi agreement of the unit nation convent on contract for the intern sale of good . 13.6.2 servic . each parti further agre that servic of ani process , summon , notic or document by regist mail to it address set forth in section 13.8.2 shall be effect servic of process for ani action , suit , or proceed brought against it under thi agreement in ani such court . 13.7 disput resolut . except for disput resolv by the procedur set forth in section 2.2.3 , 3.1.2 , 6.12 or 13.11 , if a disput aris between the parti in connect with or relat to thi agreement , includ the determin of the scope or applic of thi section 13.7 and the agreement to arbitr , or ani document or instrument deliv in connect herewith ( a “ disput ” ) , it shall be resolv pursuant to thi section 13.7 . 13.7.1 gener . ani disput shall first be refer to the senior offic of the parti , who shall confer in good faith on the resolut of the issu . ani final decis mutual agre to by the senior offic shall be conclus and bind on the parti . if the senior offic are not abl to agre on the resolut of ani such issu within [ ] ( or such other period of time as mutual agre by the senior offic ) after such issu wa first refer to them , then , except as otherwis set forth in section 13.7.2 , either parti may , by written notic to the other parti , elect to initi an arbitr proceed pursuant to the procedur set forth in section 13.7.3 , which shall fulli and final settl the disput . 13.7.2 intellectu properti disput . in the event that a disput aris with respect the valid , enforc , or patent of ani patent , trademark or other intellectu properti right , and such disput can not be resolv in accord with section 13.7.1 , unless otherwis agre by the parti in write , such disput shall not be submit to an arbitr proceed in accord with section 13.7.3 and instead , either parti may initi litig in a court of compet jurisdict , notwithstand section 13.6 , in ani countri or other jurisdict in which such right appli . in case of a disput between the parti with respect to inventorship , the parti shall jointli select a patent attorney regist befor the unit state patent and trademark offic and submit such disput to the mutually-select patent attorney for resolut under the unit state patent law . the decis of such patent attorney with respect to inventorship shall be final , and the parti agre to be bound by the decis and share equal the expens of such patent attorney . - 70 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 13.7.3 arbitr . ani arbitr proceed under thi agreement shall take place pursuant to the procedur set forth in schedul 13.7.3 . 13.7.4 advers rule . ani determin pursuant to thi section 13.7 that a parti is in materi breach of it materi oblig hereund shall specifi a ( nonexclus ) set of action to be taken to cure such materi breach , if feasibl . 13.7.5 interim relief . notwithstand anyth herein to the contrari , noth in thi section 13.7 shall preclud either parti from seek interim or provision relief , includ a temporari restrain order , preliminari injunct or other interim equit relief concern a disput , if necessari to protect the interest of such parti . thi section shall be specif enforc . 13.8 notic . 13.8.1 notic requir . ani notic , request , demand , waiver , consent , approv , or other commun permit or requir under thi agreement shall be in write , shall refer specif to thi agreement and shall be deem given onli if ( a ) deliv by hand , ( b ) sent by facsimil transmiss ( with transmiss confirm ) , or ( c ) by intern recogn overnight deliveri servic that maintain record of deliveri , address to the parti at their respect address specifi in section 13.8.2 or to such other address as the parti to whom notic is to be given may have provid to the other parti in accord with thi section 13.8.1. such notic shall be deem to have been given as of the date deliv by hand or transmit by facsimil ( with transmiss confirm ) or on the [ ] ( at the place of deliveri ) after deposit with an intern recogn overnight deliveri servic . ani notic deliv by facsimil shall be confirm by a hard copi deliv as soon as practic thereaft . thi section 13.8.1 is not intend to govern the day-to-day busi commun necessari between the parti in perform their oblig under the term of thi agreement . 13.8.2 address for notic . if to abbvi , to : abbvi biotechnolog ltd c/o conyer , dill & pearman , clarendon hous , 2 church street , hamilton hm 11 bermuda with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : abbvi inc. 1 north waukegan road north chicago , illinoi 60064 unit state attent : [ ] facsimil : [ ] if to harpoon , to : harpoon therapeut , inc. 131 oyster point blvd , suit 300 south san francisco , ca 94080 attent : [ ] - 71 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : cooley llp 3175 hanov street palo alto , ca 94304 attent : [ ] email : [ ] 13.9 entir agreement; amend . thi agreement , togeth with the schedul attach hereto , set forth and constitut the entir agreement and understand between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof and all prior agreement , understand , promis , and represent , whether written or oral , with respect thereto are supersed herebi ( includ that certain mutual confidenti disclosur agreement between the parti or their respect affili date [ ] ( the “ prior nda ” ) . the forego shall not be interpret as a waiver of ani remedi avail to either parti as a result of ani breach , prior to the effect date , by the other parti ( or it affili ) of it oblig under the prior nda . each parti confirm that it is not reli on ani represent or warranti of the other parti except as specif set forth in thi agreement . no amend , modif , releas , or discharg with respect to thi agreement shall be bind upon the parti unless in write and duli execut by author repres of both parti . 13.10 english languag . thi agreement shall be written and execut in , and all other commun under or in connect with thi agreement shall be in , the english languag . ani translat into ani other languag shall not be an offici version thereof , and in the event of ani conflict in interpret between the english version and such translat , the english version shall control . 13.11 equit relief . each parti acknowledg and agre that the restrict set forth in section 5.8 and articl 7 and 9 are reason and necessari to protect the legitim interest of the other parti and that such other parti would not have enter into thi agreement in the absenc of such restrict , and that ani breach or threaten breach of ani provis of such section or articl may result in irrepar injuri to such other parti for which there may be no adequ remedi at law . in the event of a breach or threaten breach of ani provis of such section or articl , the non-breach parti shall be author and entitl to seek from ani court of compet jurisdict injunct relief , whether preliminari or perman , specif perform , and an equit account of all earn , profit , and other benefit aris from such breach , which right shall be cumul and in addit to ani other right or remedi to which such non-breach parti may be entitl in law or equiti . both parti agre to waiv ani requir that the other ( a ) post a bond or other secur as a condit for obtain ani such relief , and ( b ) show irrepar harm , balanc of harm , consider of the public interest , or inadequaci of monetari damag as a remedi . noth in thi section 13.11 is intend , or should be constru , to limit either parti ’ s right to equit relief or ani other remedi for a breach of ani other provis of thi agreement . 13.12 waiver and non-exclus of remedi . ani term or condit of thi agreement may be waiv at ani time by the parti that is entitl to the benefit thereof , but no such waiver shall be effect unless set forth in a written instrument duli execut by or on behalf of the parti waiv such term or condit . the waiver by either parti hereto of ani right hereund or of the failur to perform or of a breach by the other parti shall not be deem a waiver of ani other right hereund or of ani other breach or failur by such other parti whether of a similar natur or otherwis . the right and remedi provid herein are cumul and do not exclud ani other right or remedi provid by applic law or otherwis avail except as expressli set forth herein . 13.13 no benefit to third parti . except as provid in articl 11 , coven and agreement set forth in thi agreement are for the sole benefit of the parti hereto and their successor and permit assign , and they shall not be constru as confer ani right on ani other person . - 72 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 13.14 further assur . each parti shall duli execut and deliv , or caus to be duli execut and deliv , such further instrument and do and caus to be done such further act and thing , includ the file of such assign , agreement , document , and instrument , as may be necessari or as the other parti may reason request in connect with thi agreement or to carri out more effect the provis and purpos hereof , or to better assur and confirm unto such other parti it right and remedi under thi agreement . 13.15 relationship of the parti . it is expressli agre that harpoon , on the one hand , and abbvi , on the other hand , shall be independ contractor and that the relationship between the parti shall not constitut a partnership , joint ventur , or agenc , includ for all tax purpos . further , the parti ( and ani successor , assigne , transfere , or affili of a parti ) shall not treat or report the relationship between the parti aris under thi agreement as a partnership for unit state tax purpos , without the prior written consent of the other parti unless requir by a final “ determin ” as defin in section 1313 of the unit state intern revenu code of 1986 , as amend . neither harpoon , on the one hand , nor abbvi , on the other hand , shall have the author to make ani statement , represent , or commit of ani kind , or to take ani action , which shall be bind on the other , without the prior written consent of the other parti to do so . all person employ by a parti shall be employe of such parti and not of the other parti and all cost and oblig incur by reason of ani such employ shall be for the account and expens of such parti . 13.16 perform by affili . abbvi may use one ( 1 ) or more of it affili to perform it oblig and duti hereund and such abbvi affili are expressli grant certain right herein; provid that each such affili shall be bound by the correspond oblig of abbvi and , subject to an assign to such affili pursuant to section 13.4 , abbvi shall remain liabl hereund for the prompt payment and perform of all their respect oblig hereund . 13.17 counterparts; facsimil execut . thi agreement may be execut in two ( 2 ) counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which togeth shall constitut one ( 1 ) and the same instrument . thi agreement may be execut by facsimil or electron transmit signatur and such signatur shall be deem to bind each parti hereto as if they were origin signatur . 13.18 refer . unless otherwis specifi , ( a ) refer in thi agreement to ani articl , section or schedul shall mean refer to such articl , section or schedul of thi agreement , ( b ) refer in ani section to ani claus are refer to such claus of such section , and ( c ) refer to ani agreement , instrument , or other document in thi agreement refer to such agreement , instrument , or other document as origin execut or , if subsequ amend , replac , or supplement from time to time , as so amend , replac , or supplement and in effect at the relev time of refer thereto . 13.19 schedul . in the event of ani inconsist between thi agreement and ani schedul or other attach hereto , the term of thi agreement shall control . 13.20 construct . except where the context otherwis requir , wherev use , the singular shall includ the plural , the plural the singular , the use of ani gender shall be applic to all gender and the word “ or ” is use in the inclus sens ( and/or ) . whenev thi agreement refer to a number of day , unless otherwis specifi , such number refer to calendar day . the caption of thi agreement are for conveni of refer onli and in no way defin , describ , extend , or limit the scope or intent of thi agreement or the intent of ani provis contain in thi agreement . the term “ includ , ” “ includ , ” or “ includ ” as use herein shall mean “ includ , but not limit to , ” and shall not limit the gener of ani descript preced such term . the languag of thi agreement shall be deem to be the languag mutual chosen by the parti and no rule of strict construct shall be appli against either parti hereto . each parti repres that it ha been repres by legal counsel in connect with thi agreement and acknowledg that it ha particip in the draft hereof . in interpret and appli the term and provis of thi - 73 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 agreement , the parti agre that no presumpt will appli against the parti which draft such term and provis . [ signatur page follow ] - 74 - sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 thi agreement is execut by the author repres of the parti as of the effect date . harpoon therapeut , inc. abbvi biotechnolog ltd by : /s/ gerald mcmahon name : gerald mcmahon titl : presid and ceo by : /s/ robert michael name : robert michael titl : director [ signatur page to develop and option agreement ] sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 schedul 1.84 initi develop plan [ ] sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 schedul 1.99 licens compound [ ] sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 schedul 3.7 pre-approv third parti provid [ ] sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 schedul 10.2 disclosur schedul [ ] sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 schedul 10.2.1 exist patent [ ] sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020 schedul 13.7.3 arbitr [ ] sourc : harpoon therapeut , inc. , 10-k , 3/12/2020