execut version certain identifi inform ha been exclud from the exhibit becaus it is both ( i ) not materi and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm to the compani , if publicli disclos . doubl asterisk denot omiss . develop agreement thi develop agreement ( “ thi agreement ” ) is enter into and effect as of septemb 30 , 2019 ( “ effect date ” ) by and between howmedica osteon corp. , a new jersey corpor , also known as stryker orthopaed ( “ stryker ” ) , and conformi , inc. , a delawar corpor have a princip place of busi locat at 600 technolog park drive , billerica , ma 01821 ( “ conformi ” ) . stryker and conformi are collect refer to herein as the “ parti ” and individu as a “ party. ” wherea , the parti are concurr enter into an asset purchas agreement for stryker ’ s purchas of certain conformi asset concern patient-specif instrument ( “ asset purchas agreement ” ) , and a licens agreement , a distribut agreement and a qualiti agreement , as defin in and attach to the asset purchas agreement ( collect , such agreement are refer to herein as the “ other agreement ” ) . wherea , stryker and it affili have develop and commerci an off-the-shelf knee implant offer under the trademark triathlon . wherea , conformi current offer patient-specif instrument for use with it patient-specif implant , includ partial and total knee and hip arthroplasti . wherea , stryker desir that conformi develop , in accord with the r & d program , certain patient-specif instrument to be use with the current version of the off-the-shelf knee implant offer under the trademark triathlon ( such patient-specif instrument as so develop , the “ kib product ” ) . therefor , in consider of the mutual represent , warranti and coven herein and in the other agreement constitut good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which is herebi acknowledg , the parti herebi agre as follow : articl i definit 1.1 definit . for purpos of thi agreement , the follow term shall have the follow mean , and to the extent not defin in thi section or otherwis in thi agreement , a term shall have the mean ascrib to it in ani of the other agreement : sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 “ accept ” and “ accept ” have the mean set forth in articl 3.4 of thi agreement . “ accept criteria ” ha the mean set forth in the r & d work plan . “ accept notif period ” ha the mean set forth in articl 3.3 of thi agreement . `` affili '' ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . `` agent '' mean third parti who are act under the direct or control of a parti . `` applic law '' mean all applic feder , state , local and foreign law , ordin , rule , regul , order , writ , injunct and decre of ani kind . “ asset purchas agreement ” ha the mean set forth in the recit . “ chang of control ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . `` claim '' ha the mean set forth in articl 7.3 ( a ) of thi agreement . `` confidenti inform '' ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . `` conformi background ip '' mean ani invent , and all intellectu properti right underli such invent , that is , as of the effect date , own or licens by conformi without caus a breach of , or incur ani oblig to , a third parti , in each case to the extent necessari or reason use to design , develop , manufactur , sell or otherwis exploit the kib product , and for the avoid of doubt , exclud the purchas asset , conformi foreground ip , stryker background ip , improv stryker background ip and improv conformi background ip . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 “ conformi foreground ip ” mean ani invent first develop by conformi after the close date other than in the perform of the r & d program , and all intellectu properti right underli such invent ( for the avoid of doubt , exclud ani intellectu properti right subsist prior to the close date or gener in the perform of the r & d program ) . for the avoid of doubt , conformi foreground ip shall not includ ani invent use stryker confidenti inform ( which shall not includ the purchas asset for the purpos of the definit of conformi foreground ip ) or stryker background ip . “ conformi indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in articl 7.3 ( b ) of thi agreement . “ conformis-prosecut joint ip right ” ha the mean set forth in articl 5.8 of thi agreement . “ court ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ deliver ” ha the mean set forth under the r & d work plan . “ disclos parti ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ distribut agreement ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ equip ” ha the mean set forth in articl 5.6 ( a ) of thi agreement . “ failur notic ” ha the mean set forth in articl 3.4 of thi agreement . “ final reject ” ha the mean set forth in articl 3.4 of thi agreement . “ forc majeur event ” ha the mean set forth in articl 10.4 ( a ) of thi agreement . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 “ improv conformi background ip ” mean ani invent to the extent first aris in the perform of the r & d program , whether or not embodi in the kib product , that constitut an improv to conformi background ip , conformi confidenti inform ( which shall not includ ani confidenti inform own or commonli own by stryker ) or the purchas asset , and all intellectu properti right underli such invent ( but expressli exclud all transfer ip , conformi foreground ip , conformi background ip and stryker background ip , and , for the avoid of doubt , exclud all intellectu properti right subsist prior to the close date ) . “ improv stryker background ip ” mean ani invent to the extent first aris in the perform of the r & d program , whether or not embodi in the kib product , that constitut an improv to stryker background ip or ani stryker confidenti inform ( which shall not includ the purchas asset for the purpos of thi definit ) , and all intellectu properti right underli such invent ( but expressli exclud all transfer ip , conformi foreground ip , conformi background ip and stryker background ip , and , for the avoid of doubt , exclud all intellectu properti right subsist prior to the close date ) . “ insolv event ” mean , with respect to ani parti , the occurr of ani one of the follow event : ( i ) an involuntari proceed is commenc against such parti under ani applic unit state bankruptci , insolv , reorgan or other similar unit state or foreign law now or hereaft in effect , or a proceed is commenc seek appoint of a receiv , liquid , assigne , custodian , truste , sequestr ( or other similar offici ) for such parti or for all or ani substanti part of it properti and such proceed shall not be dismiss within [ ] or an order for relief by a court of compet jurisdict shall be enter in ani such proceeding; or ( ii ) such parti shall commenc a voluntari proceed under ani applic unit state or foreign bankruptci , insolv , reorgan or other similar law now or hereaft in effect , or shall consent to the entri of an order for relief in an involuntari case under ani such law , or shall consent to the appoint of or take possess by a receiv , liquid , sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 assigne , custodian , truste , sequestr ( or other similar offici ) of such parti or of all or ani substanti part of it properti , or shall make an assign for the benefit of creditor . `` intellectu properti '' ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . `` invent '' mean ani idea , invent , discoveri , know-how , data , work of authorship , inform , improv , technolog , process , concept or materi , whether or not patent , copyright or protect as a trade secret , and whether or not reduc to practic or memori in write . `` joint ci '' ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ joint ip ” ha the mean set forth in articl 5.1 ( c ) of thi agreement . “ joint ip right ” ha the mean set forth in articl 5.8 of thi agreement . “ kib product ” ha the mean set forth in the recit . “ kib product ip ” mean ani invent first aris in the perform of the r & d program , whether or not embodi in the kib product , and all intellectu properti right underli such invent ( but expressli exclud all transfer ip , conformi background ip , stryker background ip , improv conformi background ip and improv stryker background ip , and , for the avoid of doubt , exclud all intellectu properti right subsist prior to the close date ) . “ licens agreement ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ off-the-shelf implant ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 “ off-the-shelf knee implant ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ other agreement ” ha the mean set forth in the recit . “ patent ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ patient-specif implant ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ patient-specif instrument ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . `` person '' ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ prior cda ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ purchas asset ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ receiv parti ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ redeliveri period ” ha the mean set forth in articl 3.4 of thi agreement . `` r & d program '' mean work perform in the develop of the kib product under thi agreement pursuant to the r & d work plan . `` r & d work plan '' mean the research and develop plan set forth in exhibit 1 . “ relev indemnifi parti ” mean ( a ) if stryker is the indemnifi parti , the stryker indemnifi parti and ( b ) if conformi is the indemnifi parti , the conformi indemnifi parti . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 “ repres ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . `` stryker background ip '' mean ani invent , and all intellectu properti right underli such invent , that is , as of the effect date own or licens by stryker without caus a breach of , or incur ani oblig to , a third parti , in each case to the extent each such invent is ( a ) necessari or reason use to design , develop , manufactur , sell and otherwis exploit the kib product and ( b ) provid to conformi by or on behalf of stryker in connect with conformi ’ activ under thi agreement , and , for the avoid of doubt , exclud the transfer ip , conformi background ip , improv conformi background ip and improv stryker background ip . “ stryker indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in articl 7.3 ( a ) of thi agreement . “ stryker-prosecut joint ip right ” ha the mean set forth in articl 5.8 of thi agreement . `` termin notic '' mean a written notic deliv by one parti to the other parti of it elect to termin thi agreement pursuant to articl viii . `` third parti '' ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ trademark ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ transfer ip ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . “ triathlon ” ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . `` wire instruct '' ha the mean set forth in the asset purchas agreement . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 articl ii research and develop program 2.1 r & d work plan . the parti agre to conduct the r & d program pursuant to the r & d work plan and to perform their respect oblig therein . to the extent conformi ’ perform under the r & d program is delay due to stryker ’ s delay in perform ani of it oblig in accord with the timelin in the r & d work plan , the applic timelin shall be deem extend by a period of time correspond to the length of such portion of the delay attribut to stryker , on a day-by- day basi . the r & d work plan may be amend by mutual written agreement of the parti from time to time . 2.2 agent or third parti . to the extent work with agent or other third parti is permit under the r & d work plan , should a parti wish to engag an agent or ani other third parti in connect with the r & d work plan or ani other work under thi agreement , such parti must obtain in advanc a written agreement by such agent or other third parti ( i ) to assign to the parti all invent conceiv , creat or gener by the agent or other third parti , and ( ii ) to maintain all confidenti inform in confid as set forth in section 5.2. articl iii deliver and complet 3.1 deliver . subject to the remedi set forth in section 3.4 , conformi shall furnish stryker with the deliver as defin in the r & d work plan , and stryker shall have the opportun to analyz and test each deliver for the purpos of determin accept as set forth in the r & d work plan . each deliver shall be deem to be complet onc such deliver ha been accept ( as defin below ) . 3.2 free from infring . without the consent of stryker , conformi shall not introduc ani structur or methodolog in the deliver ( includ a deliver within a product or a stryker product ) that ( 1 ) rais a color argument of patent infring in the manufactur , use , sale , offer for sale or import of the deliver as such deliver sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 is intend to be exploit under the other agreement , ( 2 ) misappropri ani confidenti inform of ani third parti , or ( 3 ) otherwis violat ani intellectu properti right of ani third parti . for clariti , disclosur of a matter on the disclosur schedul to the asset purchas agreement shall not be deem consent by stryker under thi section 3.2 . 3.3 complet . after a deliver ha been furnish to stryker , stryker ( or it agent designe ) will be entitl to analyz and test the deliver to determin if it oper in accord with and otherwis conform to the applic accept criteria set forth in r & d work plan . conformi shall provid such assist as stryker may reason request in such determin . stryker shall have [ ] ( “ accept notif period ” ) follow the date the deliver is receiv by stryker to accept or reject the deliver as describ in section 3.4 . 3.4 accept or reject . respect ani deliver for mileston 1 or mileston 2 , as set forth below , if stryker determin that a deliver oper in accord with and otherwis conform to the applic accept criteria pursuant to the r & d work plan , then stryker will notifi conformi in write that stryker accept such deliver . if stryker reason determin that a deliver doe not oper in accord with or otherwis conform to the applic accept criteria , then stryker will provid conformi with a written notic of reject within the accept notif period describ the defect in view of the relev accept criteria and includ suffici detail with respect to such stryker test and test result as conformi reason request ( “ failur notic ” ) . conformi shall have [ ] ( or such longer period of time as may be agre between the parti in good faith should the scope and complex of the applic deliver warrant some longer period of time ) ( “ redeliveri period ” ) follow the date it receiv the failur notic to correct and redeliv the deliver . if conformi time deliv a correct version of the deliver within the redeliveri period , then stryker will be sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 entitl to repeat it accept analysi and test process for the purpos of determin accept as set forth in the r & d work plan until such deliver oper in accord with or otherwis conform to the applic accept criteria; provid , howev , that if stryker properli reject a particular deliver three ( 3 ) or more time in accord with thi articl iii , or if conformi fail to deliv a version or correct version , as the case may be , of the deliver within ani respect [ ] period , stryker may , termin thi agreement in accord with section 8.2 ( c ) ( in the event of such three ( 3 ) reject , stryker “ final reject ” the deliver ) . such termin , togeth with the provis of section 5.2 of the licens agreement , constitut as stryker ’ s sole remedi and conformi ’ exclus liabil in the event of ani such reject or failur by conformi to deliv materi conform deliver hereund so long as such reject or failur doe not aris from conformi ’ fraud , will misconduct , gross neglig or bad faith . stryker shall be deem to have accept a deliver time furnish to it unless ( a ) the deliver fail to oper in accord with and otherwis conform the applic accept criteria , and ( b ) stryker provid conformi a written failur notic within the accept notif period in accord with thi section 3.4 ( ani accept or deem accept , describ in thi section 3.4 , “ accept ” or “ accept ” ) . accept of a deliver shall not constitut a waiver of ani right stryker may have base on conformi ’ warranti set forth in thi agreement . 3.5 payment for mileston . stryker shall pay to conformi the follow mileston payment for the develop work to be conduct hereund if and when the follow mileston are met , as follow : ( a ) mileston 1 - within thirti ( 30 ) day follow the date on which stryker receiv the first prototyp of the patient- specif instrument deliv to it by conformi in accord with the r & d work plan , stryker shall pay to conformi a total of two million u.s. dollar ( 2,000,000 ) ; and sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 ( b ) mileston 2 - within thirti ( 30 ) day follow the date on which there is a design freez of the patient-specif instrument for the kib product in accord with the r & d work plan , stryker shall pay to conformi a total of three million u. dollar ( 3,000,000 ) . 3.6 payment . stryker shall make all payment to conformi requir herein by wire transfer in accord with the wire instruct . such payment are non-refund and non-credit except as set forth in the other agreement . articl iv restrict coven 4.1 exclus . except as specif provid in the distribut agreement , conformi shall be prohibit from develop or assist anoth in develop , or caus anoth to develop , patient-specif instrument for off-the-shelf knee implant for ani third parti in the field of orthoped until januari 1 , 2032 ( or earlier , to the extent set forth in section 2.3.3.4 or section 2.3.5 of the distribut agreement ) , with the except that conformi ( includ ani entiti involv in a chang of control of conformi , ani such entiti an “ acquir ” ) , may develop patient-specif instrument for ani off-the- shelf implant of conformi , an acquir or ani of their affili . for purpos of clariti , the forego doe not prevent conformi from grant ani licens , releas , coven not to sue or other immun to ani third parti under ani patent , includ ani such immun that would author manufactur , use or sale of patient-specif instrument for off-the-shelf knee implant outsid the buyer field . articl v intellectu properti 5.1 invent . ( a ) inventorship of all invent develop by either parti , or both parti , in the perform of the r & d program , shall be determin in accord with the inventorship law of the unit state , even to the extent such invent is not pursu in patent applic . ( b ) all right , titl and interest in and to the improv stryker background ip will vest sole in stryker . conformi agre to assign and herebi assign to stryker all right , titl and interest in and to all improv stryker background ip in which ownership in same ha vest in sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 conformi by oper of law or by assign by it employe or consultants; and to facilit such assign to stryker , conformi agre ( i ) to regularli ensur that it employe and consult time make ani appropri assign to it of that which constitut improv stryker background ip , and ( ii ) at stryker ’ s reason request , to execut and have it employe and consult execut , as necessari , all assign and ani other document necessari to perfect titl in stryker of such improv stryker background ip . ( c ) all right , titl and interest in and to the improv conformi background ip and kib product ip ( “ joint ip ” ) shall be own jointli by the parti . subject to the limit set forth in thi agreement , the joint ip may be use freeli by either parti or it affili and licens to third parti by conformi and it affili , on the one hand , outsid of the buyer field or by stryker and it affili , on the other hand , within the buyer field , in each case , without the consent of , or duti to account to or notifi , the other parti , but , except with respect to extern licens of the improv conformi background ip by conformi or it affili to third parti , ani extern third parti licens shall be govern in accord with the last sentenc of section 4.3 ( c ) of the apa . each parti to whom ownership is to vest in joint ip by oper of law or by assign by it employe or agent agre to assign and herebi assign to the other parti an undivid one-half right , titl and interest in and to all joint ip; and to facilit such assign , the parti possess such ownership agre ( i ) to regularli ensur that it employe and consult time make ani appropri assign to it; and ( ii ) at the other parti ’ s reason request , to execut and have it employe and consult execut , as necessari , all assign and ani other document to perfect the undivid one-half right , titl and interest in and to the other parti of such joint ip . ( d ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari , the forego doe not constitut either ( 1 ) the grant by conformi to stryker of ani licens or immun of ani kind with respect to the conformi background ip or conformi foreground ip , regardless of the extent to which the joint ip constitut improv to the conformi background ip or conformi foreground ip , ( 2 ) the grant by stryker to conformi of ani licens or immun of ani kind with respect to the stryker background ip , or ( 3 ) the grant by either parti of ani licens or immun of ani kind under ani intellectu properti right own by such parti , regardless of whether the exploit of the joint ip would infring such intellectu properti right . neither parti shall assign a partial interest in sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 the joint ip or joint ip right to ani affili or third parti ( i.e. , neither parti shall creat ani addit joint owner of the joint ip ) , but each parti may assign all of it right , titl and interest in and to the joint ip and joint ip right to an affili or third parti pursuant to and in accord with section 10.2 . ( e ) conformi shall promptli disclos to stryker all ( i ) improv stryker background ip , and ( ii ) joint ip . stryker shall promptli disclos to conformi all joint ip . ( f ) to the extent requir and for the avoid of doubt , stryker herebi grant conformi , and conformi herebi accept , a non-exclus licens to the stryker background ip and improv stryker background ip sole for purpos of perform ani oblig under thi agreement and the distribut agreement . 5.2 confidenti inform . the provis of section 4.3 ( a ) - ( i ) of articl 4 of the apa are incorpor herein as if fulli set forth herein . 5.3 mainten of record . each parti shall prepar and maintain complet and accur record concern all invent for the purpos of document ani possibl intellectu properti right aris under thi agreement . 5.4 no other right . ( a ) conformi acknowledg and agre that , as between the parti , stryker own all right , titl and interest , includ all intellectu properti right , within the stryker background ip and stryker ’ s confidenti inform , includ ani stryker confidenti inform underli the joint ip , and that , under thi agreement , except as expressli set forth herein , conformi shall acquir no right , titl , or interest in or to ani of the forego , or ani other intellectu properti right that are own or control by stryker , by implic , estoppel or otherwis . ( b ) stryker acknowledg and agre that , as between the parti , conformi own all right , titl and interest , includ all intellectu properti right , in and to conformi background ip and conformi ’ confidenti inform , includ ani conformi confidenti inform underli the joint ip , and that , under thi agreement , stryker shall acquir no right , titl , or interest in or to ani of the forego or ani other intellectu properti right that are own or control by conformi , by implic , estoppel or otherwis . 5.5 employe and consult . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 ( a ) conformi shall ensur that all it employe , consult , agent or other third parti who perform ani portion of conformi ’ r & d program oblig under thi agreement have enter into written agreement with conformi wherebi such employe , consult , agent or other third parti assign to conformi all ownership right in ani invent made or develop by such employe , consult , agent or third parti in the cours of such r & d program work under thi agreement . ( b ) stryker shall ensur that all it affili and it or their employe , consult , agent or other third parti who perform ani portion of stryker ’ s r & d program oblig under thi agreement have enter into written agreement with stryker wherebi such employe , consult , agent or third parti assign to stryker all ownership right in ani invent made or develop by such employe , consult , agent or third parti in the cours of such r & d program work under thi agreement . 5.6 tangibl properti . ( a ) all tool , pattern , die , gaug , job , fixtur , and all specif , draw , sampl , design , softwar , firmwar , program , formula , and other tangibl item ( “ equip ” ) furnish by stryker to conformi in connect with thi agreement : ( i ) shall onli be use in the perform of the r & d program; ( ii ) shall remain the properti of stryker; and ( iii ) shall be dispos of or return in good repair , normal wear and tear except , by conformi to stryker at stryker ’ s direct and expens upon stryker ’ s request . conformi assum risk of loss and damag to said item while in it possess or under it control , subject to normal wear and tear . conformi shall notifi stryker promptli whenev ani item of stryker ’ s tangibl properti are in need of repair or replac . stryker shall endeavor to mark it properti as properti of stryker for sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 use onli under thi agreement . conformi waiv ani right it may have in law or equiti to withhold stryker ’ s properti . ( b ) all equip furnish by conformi to stryker in connect with thi agreement : ( i ) shall onli be use in the perform of the r & d program; ( ii ) shall remain the properti of conformis; and ( iii ) shall be dispos of or return in good repair , normal wear and tear except , by stryker to conformi at conformi ’ direct and expens upon conformi ’ request . stryker assum risk of loss and damag to said item while in it possess or under it control , subject to normal wear and tear . stryker shall notifi conformi promptli whenev ani item of conformi ’ tangibl properti are in need of repair or replac . conformi shall endeavor to mark it properti as properti of conformi for use onli under thi agreement . stryker waiv ani right it may have in law or equiti to withhold conformi ’ properti . 5.7 trademark . noth in thi agreement shall confer to ani parti ani right , whether by way of ownership , licens or right to use , in ani of the trademark of ani other parti . conformi shall not use the trademark of stryker without stryker ’ s prior written consent and stryker shall not use the trademark of conformi without conformi ’ prior written consent . 5.8 prosecut of patent right . stryker shall be sole respons , in it sole discret , for prepar , file , prosecut and maintain patent aris from all improv stryker background ip . stryker shall be sole respons for cost and expens of prepar , file , prosecut and maintain ani such patent . stryker shall have the first right to prepar , file , prosecut and maintain patent or copyright aris from ani joint ip that is not improv conformi background ip ( “ stryker- prosecut joint ip right ” ) . conformi shall have the first right to prepar , file , prosecut and maintain patent or copyright aris from ani improv conformi background ip ( “ conformis-prosecut joint ip right ” , and togeth with the stryker- prosecut joint ip right , “ joint ip right ” ) . with respect to joint ip right , the non-prosecut parti will have the right , but not the oblig , to review and comment , and have the comment reason consid by the prosecut parti , with regard to the file , prosecut , sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 and mainten of the joint ip right . in thi regard , the prosecut parti agre to provid reason time for the non- prosecut parti to review and comment prior to ani deadlin associ with such patent . conformi and stryker shall be equal respons for cost and expens of prepar , file , prosecut and maintain ani such joint ip right . notwithstand the forego , in the event that the applic parti decid not to file at all or not to file a continu or other applic to maintain the viabil of the u. part of a famili of patent to which an applic belong , or decid to abandon or discontinu the prosecut or mainten of ani of the joint ip right , such parti shall notifi the other parti thereof , and such other parti may elect to continu the prosecut ( includ non-provision applic and pct entri ) or mainten of such joint ip right at it sole expens and in the name ( s ) of both stryker and conformi . the provis of section 5.1 ( c ) and 5.1 ( d ) and thi section 5.8 shall run with the joint ip , and each parti shall ensur that ani assigne of it interest in the joint ip expressli assum in write such provis . ani parti pursu patent applic in accord with thi section 5.8 may disclos confidenti inform in patent applic to the extent necessari to provid requisit support for claim therein , provid howev , the non-prosecut parti will have the right , but not the oblig , to review and comment on the scope and content of the propos disclosur , includ the propos disclosur of confidenti inform , prior to submiss of the first disclosur of same in ani such patent applic , and have the comment reason consid by the prosecut parti . in thi regard , the prosecut parti agre to provid reason time for the non-prosecut parti to review and comment prior to ani such submiss associ with such patent . 5.9 infring and defens . ( a ) each parti may in it sole discret enforc the patent or other intellectu properti right it sole own pursuant to thi agreement , as well as to defend against ani assert of invalid , unenforc or ownership of such patent . ( b ) the parti shall confer and consult with respect to disput with third parti respect the infring , valid , enforc or ownership of ani joint ip , includ the settlement thereof . such consult shall be for the purpos of determin the best approach within such action and neither parti shall take ani action to enforc or defend ani joint ip without the other parti ’ s prior written consent . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 5.10 public . neither parti shall issu ani press releas or otherwis public thi agreement or the develop work to be conduct hereund , except in accord with section 4.2 of the apa . articl vi represent and warranti 6.1 represent , warranti and coven . each parti herebi repres and warrant to , and coven with , each other parti that : ( a ) due organ . good stand and power . it is a corpor duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of it jurisdict of organ and ha the power and author to own , leas and oper it asset and to conduct the busi now be conduct by it . it ha all requisit corpor power and author to enter into thi agreement and to perform it oblig hereund . ( b ) author and valid of agreement . the execut , deliveri and perform by it of thi agreement and the consumm by it of the transact contempl herebi have been duli author and approv by all necessari corpor or equival action on it part . thi agreement ha been duli execut and deliv by it and constitut it legal , valid and bind oblig , enforc against it in accord with it term , except as the same may be limit by applic bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , moratorium or other applic law relat to or affect creditor ’ right gener and by gener equiti principl . ( c ) absenc of conflict . the execut , deliveri and perform by it of thi agreement and the consumm by it of the transact contempl herebi do not and will not : ( i ) violat ani applic law , regul , order , writ , injunct or decre of ani government , judici , legisl , execut , administr or regulatori sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 author of the unit state or ani foreign countri or of ani state or local government authority; ( ii ) conflict with , or result in the breach of ani provis of , it certif or articl of incorpor , bylaw or equival organiz documents; ( iii ) result in the creation of ani lien or encumbr of ani natur upon ani properti be transfer or licens by it pursuant to thi agreement; or ( iv ) violat , conflict with , result in the breach or termin of or constitut a default under ( or event which with notic , laps of time or both would constitut a default under ) , ani permit , contract or agreement to which it is a parti or by which ani of it properti or busi are bound . ( d ) consent . no author , consent or approv of , or notic to or file with , ani government author is requir for the execut , deliveri and perform by it of thi agreement , other than those associ with obtain requir regulatori approv as contempl herebi . ( e ) employe and consult oblig . each of it employe , consult and agent who will engag in activ on behalf of a parti under the r & d work plan , or who will have access to confidenti inform , is contractu oblig , or will be contractu oblig prior to his/her particip or access , to ( i ) assign to the parti all intellectu properti right conceiv , made or discov by such employe or agent , whether sole or in collabor with other , in connect with such employe ’ s , consult ’ s or agent ’ s work for the parti , and ( ii ) maintain the confidenti of the confidenti inform . to the extent applic , it is the intent of the parti that ownership of all develop under thi agreement shall vest in the respect parti by oper of law or by assign prior to assign to the other parti pursuant to articl v. sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 ( f ) debar . no employe , consult or agent who will engag in activ on behalf of such parti under the r & d work plan , or who will have access to confidenti inform of the other parti , ha been the subject of a debar proceed under 21 u.s.c . § 335a , and ha been exclud from particip in ani feder or state or other govern health care program . 6.2 except as expressli provid elsewher in thi agreement , includ the requir in the r & d work plan , conformi make no warranti with respect to the servic or deliver furnish hereund , and no warranti of ani kind , whether written , oral , impli or statutori , includ warranti of merchant , non- infring or fit for a particular purpos , shall appli . articl vii limit on liabil and indemnif 7.1 respons and control . each parti shall be sole respons for the safeti of it own employe , agent and subcontractor with respect to their activ relat to thi agreement . 7.2 limit of liabil . except for [ ] , in no event will either parti be liabl to the other parti for [ ] , even if such parti wa advis or awar of the possibl of such damag . conformi ’ liabil on a per occurr basi under section 7.3 ( a ) ( iv ) shall not exceed the greater of ( i ) [ ] and ( ii ) the amount of insur coverag actual paid to conformi under then-curr insur polici of conformi in respect of such damag . for the purpos of thi section 7.2 , “ per occurr ” mean the occurr of ani claim or seri of claim directli aris out of or result from the same act , omiss or event . 7.3 mutual indemnif . ( a ) indemnif by conformi . conformi shall indemnifi and hold harmless stryker , it director , offic , employe , agent and affili and sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 their respect successor , heir and assign ( collect the “ stryker indemnifi parti ” ) against ani and all claim , suit , action , and demand , wherev brought and howev denomin , brought by a third parti ( all of the forego be refer to herein as “ claim ” ) against the stryker indemnifi parti includ all damag , collater damag and settlement aris therefrom and reason outsid attorney ’ fee and litig expens relat thereto , to the extent aris from or relat to ( i ) ani breach of conformi ’ represent , warranti or oblig under thi agreement , ( ii ) ani alleg violat of ani applic law by conformi , ( iii ) the neglig ( exclud ani product liabil claim ) , gross neglig or intent wrong act or omiss of conformi , it employe , consult , agent and affili in their perform hereund , and ( iv ) ani portion of a claim alleg person injuri on account of product liabil attribut to a deliver ( includ a deliver within a product or a stryker product ) . conformi shall have no oblig or liabil with respect to ani claim under section 7.3 ( a ) ( iii ) or section 7.3 ( a ) ( iv ) to the extent directli aris out of or relat to : ( 1 ) ani use of the product in ani manner not in accord with applic document ( e.g. , instruct for use , packag insert , label , surgic guid and other materi provid by or approv by conformi ) that is not a result of conformi ’ conduct; ( 2 ) damag to the product occur after shipment that is not a result of conformi ’ conduct; or ( 3 ) ani modif to the product that are not contempl by the instruct for use thereto by ani person other than supplier and that is not a result of conformi ’ conduct . notwithstand anyth to the contrari , stryker ’ s sole remedi and conformi ’ exclus liabil for breach of section 3.2 with respect to a product or a stryker product shall be as set forth in section 10.1 ( i ) of the distribut agreement . ( b ) indemnif by stryker . stryker shall indemnifi and hold harmless conformi , it director , offic , employe , agent and sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 affili and their respect successor , heir and assign ( collect the “ conformi indemnifi parti ” ) against ani and all claim against the conformi indemnifi parti to the extent aris from or relat to ( i ) ani breach of stryker ’ s represent or warranti under thi agreement , ( ii ) ani alleg violat of ani applic law by stryker , and ( iii ) the grossli neglig or intent wrong act or omiss of stryker , it employe , consult , agent and affili in their perform hereund . ( c ) joint liabil . to the extent that stryker , on the one hand , and conformi , on the other hand , each ha indemnif oblig to the other in connect with a singl claim , they will contribut to the aggreg damag , liabil , cost and expens aris from such claim in a proport reflect the rel and compar respons and determin liabil of the parti for such damag , liabil , cost and expens , as well as ani other relev equit consider . the amount paid or payabl by a parti for purpos : of apport the aggreg damag , liabil , cost and expens shall be deem to includ all reason legal fee and expens incur by such parti in connect with investig , prepar for or defend against such claim . ( d ) indemnif procedur . claim for indemnif under thi agreement shall be govern by the indemnif procedur set forth in section 5.5 of the asset purchas agreement . ( e ) settlement . if the indemnifi parti assum the defens of a claim , no compromis or settlement of such claim may be effect by the indemnifi parti without the indemnifi parti consent unless : ( a ) there is no find or admiss of ani violat of applic requir or ani violat of the right of ani person by the indemnifi parti and no effect on ani other claim that may be made against the indemnifi parti , ( b ) the sole relief provid is sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 monetari damag that are paid in full by the indemnifi parti and ( c ) such settlement includ as an uncondit releas of liabil by such third parti claimant in respect of all indemnifi person . articl viii term and termin 8.1 term . the term of thi agreement shall begin as of the effect date and continu until accept of all deliver for mileston 1 and 2 pursuant to section 3.4 and complet of mileston 3 , unless earlier termin under section 8.2 , as provid for under the other agreement , or as mutual agre by the parti . 8.2 termin . ( a ) dissolut or insolv event . either parti may termin thi agreement effect immedi upon deliveri of a termin notic if the other parti is ( a ) dissolv or is seek to dissolv itself under applic corpor law other than as part of a corpor restructur under which it asset were first transfer to an assigne under thi agreement in accord with section 10.2; or ( b ) ( i ) becom subject to an insolv event , provid that , no termin right shall exist in respect of an insolv event that is a chapter 11 case under the bankruptci code if the parti subject to such chapter 11 case ( x ) continu to perform all of it materi oblig under thi agreement , ( y ) doe not seek to reject thi agreement or take ani action in such chapter 11 case to disavow or undermin the right of the other parti under thi agreement , and ( z ) assum thi agreement on or befor ani deadlin in such chapter 11 case for such assumption; notwithstand the forego , noth herein shall limit or prevent the parti not subject to an insolv event from object to assumpt or assumpt and assign of thi agreement or requir cure payment or adequ assur sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 of futur perform as a condit of assumpt or assumpt and assign . ( b ) default . if ani parti believ the other is in materi breach of ani of it materi oblig under thi agreement in a manner other than as set forth in articl iii to which thi section 8.2 ( b ) doe not appli , it may give notic of such materi breach to the allegedli breach parti , which parti shall have [ ] ( or such longer period of time as may be reason commensur with the effort reason requir to remedi such default ) in which to remedi such default . if such alleg materi breach is not remedi in the time period set forth abov , the parti alleg materi breach shall refer the matter to the chief execut offic of each parti , who shall meet and confer within [ ] after notic from the non-breach parti of it desir for such a meet . if the parti are unabl to resolv ani disput in such meet and no action ha been brought in accord with section 10.8 with respect to such disput , the non-breach parti may termin thi agreement immedi upon deliveri to the default parti of a termin notic . the non-default parti ’ s right to termin thi agreement in accord with thi section 8.2 ( b ) shall not be constru as an exclus remedi . ( c ) if stryker final reject ani deliver for mileston 1 or 2 in accord with articl iii , stryker may termin thi agreement , which termin shall be effect immedi upon deliveri of a termin notic to conformi . 8.3 surviv rights/oblig . ( a ) the provis of articl v , vi , vii and ix and section 8.3 , 8.4 , 10.1 , 10.2 , 10.5 - 10.13 and 10.15 , togeth with ani provis requir for the interpret or enforc of ani of the forego , shall surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement , provid , howev that section 7.3 ( a ) ( iv ) shall surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement for onli [ ] thereaft . the termin of thi agreement shall not reliev ani parti from oblig that are expressli indic to surviv termin of the agreement . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 8.4 return or destruct of confidenti inform . sole with respect to confidenti inform in which a parti ha no ownership interest at all , own or co-own confidenti inform be exempt herefrom , upon termin of thi agreement , unless independ author to retain such of the disclos parti ’ s confidenti inform under an other agreement , each receiv parti shall , and shall direct it repres to , ceas all use and make no further use of ani confidenti inform of the disclos parti and shall , upon written request from the disclos parti , promptli return or destroy all confidenti inform of the disclos parti ( includ copi thereof ) that is in tangibl form ( provid , howev , that , with respect to electron imag of the disclos parti 's confidenti inform , such materi shall be delet and remov from access by an ordinari user from all comput hard drive , server and similar media but shall not requir ani action to delet or eras such materi from ani disast recoveri tape or other back-up media or ani record retent or comput storag system so long as the receiv parti and it repres take such action as are reason like to prevent access to such materi by ani person other than inform technolog and other administr employe who are respons for maintain those disast recoveri tape and other back-up media ) and ani document creat by the receiv parti or ani of it repres contain confidenti inform of the disclos parti . the receiv parti shall provid to the disclos parti written certif of destroy confidenti inform of the disclos parti promptli follow the destruct thereof . notwithstand the forego , the receiv parti and it repres may retain one copi of ani confidenti inform of the disclos parti in a secur locat in the receiv parti 's legal depart for the purpos of establish complianc with applic law ( includ profession standard ) and for defend or maintain ani litig ( includ ani administr proceed ) relat to thi agreement , the other agreement , the prior cda or the confidenti inform , provid that all such inform shall continu to be kept confidenti pursuant to the term of thi agreement . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 articl ix record-keep and audit 9.1 record retent . each of the parti shall record in written or electron form all materi inform with respect to the perform of it oblig relat to the r & d program in accord with standard industri practic . articl x miscellan 10.1 agenc . neither thi agreement nor ani of the other agreement creat ani partnership , agenc or other relationship among the parti for ani purpos , includ for all tax purpos . no parti is grant ani right or author to assum or to creat ani oblig or respons on behalf or in the name of the other parti or to bind the other parti in ani manner whatsoev . 10.2 assign and chang of control . except as otherwis provid herein , a parti shall not have the right to assign ani of it right or oblig under thi agreement ( whether through a merger , sale of stock , or otherwis ) without the prior written consent of the other party; except that , either parti shall be permit , without ani need for the other parti ’ s consent , to assign thi agreement ( a ) in whole or in part to an affili ( provid , howev , that onc such person is no longer an affili of the assign parti , such former affili shall assign thi agreement back to the assign parti ) , provid that the assign parti provid the other parti notic of ani such assign provid further that failur to provid such notic of such assign shall not render such assign void; or ( b ) to a third parti in connect with sale or transfer of all or substanti all of the assign parti ’ s busi or asset relat to the subject matter of thi agreement , whether by chang of control , merger , sale of asset or otherwise; provid , howev , that , with respect to claus ( b ) , ( i ) ani assign of thi agreement shall be void and have no effect unless and until the assigne assum the sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 oblig of the assign parti in a written instrument , a copi of which is provid to the other party; and ( ii ) ani assign of thi agreement must be accompani by a simultan assign of the other agreement to the same assigne , and the assign parti ’ s interest in the purchas asset to the same assigne unless otherwis agre by conformi in advanc , which agreement shall not be unreason withheld . ani assign in whole or in part shall not reliev the assign parti of it oblig hereund . if and to the extent that a parti assign ani of it right and/or oblig hereund in accord with thi section 10.2 , then thi agreement shall be bind upon the assigne to the same extent as if it were a parti hereto . ani assign not in accord with thi section 10.2 shall be void . 10.3 further action . each parti agre , subsequ to the execut and deliveri of thi agreement and without ani addit consider , to execut , acknowledg and deliv such further document and instrument , and to do all such other act , as may be necessari or appropri in order to carri out the purpos and intent of thi agreement . 10.4 forc majeur . ( a ) in the event that either parti is unabl to perform ani of it oblig under thi agreement , or to enjoy ani of it benefit becaus of fire , natur disast , action or decre of government entiti or ani other event not within such parti ’ s reason control ( a “ forc majeur event ” ) , the parti who ha been so affect shall give written notic to the other parti as soon as practic and shall do everyth reason possibl to resum perform . upon receipt of such notic , all oblig under the agreement shall be immedi suspend . if the period of nonperform exce [ ] from the receipt of notic of the forc majeur event , the parti whose abil to perform ha not been so affect may , by give written notic , termin the agreement . ani accept or warranti period affect by a forc majeur event shall likewis be extend for a period equal to the durat of such forc majeur event . as appli to thi section 10.4 sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 and to determin whether an event is reason beyond control of a parti , materi shortag , strike , slowdown , other labor relat delay or event result from a parti ’ s , it affili or their respect agent ' neglig , gross neglig , fraud or intent misconduct are not forc majeur event . ( b ) notwithstand the provis set forth in section 10.4 ( a ) , abov , a forc majeur event shall not includ ani government action of an enforc natur that aris from or relat to either parti ’ s failur to compli with ani feder , nation , state , provinci , intern , or local law , statut , regul or ordin applic to such parti ’ s perform hereund . 10.5 notic . all notic , request , demand , waiver , instruct , consent and other commun to be given pursuant to the term of thi agreement will be in write and will be deem to have been duli given upon receipt if deliv by hand , sent by a nation recogn overnight mail servic , or mail by regist or certifi mail , return receipt request , postag prepaid : if to stryker , address to : howmedica osteon corp. c/o stryker corpor attn : legal depart , [ ] 325 corpor drive mahwah , nj 07430 if to conformi , address to : conformi , inc. attn : chief execut offic and gener counsel 600 technolog park drive billerica , ma 01821 with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 wilmerhal attn : jason kropp , esq . 60 state street boston , ma 02109 ani parti may chang it address , telephon number , or facsimil number by prior written notic to the other parti . 10.6 amend and waiver . thi agreement may not be modifi or amend except by an instrument or instrument in write sign by the parti against whom enforc of ani such modif or amend is sought . conformi may waiv complianc by stryker or stryker may waiv complianc by conformi with ani term or provis of thi agreement on the part of such parti to be perform or compli with , but onli by an instrument in write . the waiver by ani parti of a breach of ani term or provis of thi agreement will not be constru as a waiver of ani subsequ breach . 10.7 govern law . thi agreement shall be govern and constru in accord with the law of new york state ( without regard to the conflict of law provis thereof ) . 10.8 jurisdict . subject to section 10.14 , the feder and state court of new york state shall have exclus jurisdict to hear and decid ani suit , action or proceed , and to settl ani disput , which may aris out of or in connect with thi agreement; provid , howev , that each parti shall have the right to institut judici proceed in ani court of compet jurisdict against the other parti or anyon act by , through or under the other parti , in order to enforc an order enter by feder state court of new york . each parti shall caus it applic permit third parti sublicense and affili receiv ani right or benefit ( includ the receipt of ani confidenti inform ) under thi agreement to be bound by thi section 10.8 prior to their exercis of ani such right or receipt of ani such benefit . if such parti fail to compli with the forego sentenc sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 with respect to ani such third parti or affili , the other parti shall have the right to seek relief in ani court of compet jurisdict in connect with ani disput involv such third parti or affili . 10.9 sever . the provis of thi agreement shall be deem sever and the invalid or unenforc of ani provis shall not affect the valid or enforc of the other provis hereof . if ani term or other provis of thi agreement , or the applic thereof to ani person or ani circumst , is invalid , illeg or unenforc by a court of compet jurisdict , ( a ) a suitabl and equit provis shall be substitut therefor in order to carri out , so far as may be valid and enforc , the intent and purpos of such invalid or unenforc provis and ( b ) the remaind of thi agreement and the applic of such provis to other person or circumst shall not be affect by such invalid , illeg or unenforc , nor shall such invalid , illeg or unenforc affect the valid or enforc of such provis , or the applic thereof , in ani other jurisdict . 10.10 entir agreement and third-parti beneficiari . thi agreement ( includ the other agreement ) contain the entir agreement by and among the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no agreement , understand , represent or warranti between the parti other than those set forth or refer to herein . thi agreement is not intend to confer upon ani person not a parti ( or their successor and assign permit by section 10.2 ) , and to the extent expressli provid , their affili , agent , employe and repres , ani right or remedi hereund , except that section 7.3 ( a ) and section 7.3 ( b ) hereof are intend to benefit , and to be enforc by , ani of the relev indemnifi parti therein describ . 10.11 jointli prepar . thi agreement ha been prepar jointli and shall not be strictli constru against ani parti . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 10.12 expens . except as otherwis set forth in thi agreement and the other agreement , all legal and other cost and expens incur in connect with thi agreement and the transact contempl herebi will be paid by the parti incur such cost and expens . 10.13 counterpart and electron transmiss . thi agreement may be execut in one or more counterpart , all of which will be consid one and the same agreement , and will becom effect when one or more counterpart have been sign by each of the parti and deliv to the other parti . thi agreement may be execut and deliv by facsimil or e- mail transmiss with the same effect as if a manual sign origin wa person deliv . 10.14 negoti in event of disput . in the event of ani disput or disagr between ani of the parti as to the interpret of ani provis of thi agreement or ani agreement incorpor herein , the perform of oblig hereund or thereund , or ani other disput matter relat hereto or thereto , such matter , upon the written request of ani parti , will be refer to an execut of each parti . such execut will promptli meet in good faith to resolv the disput . if the execut do not agre upon a decis within thirti calendar day after the refer of the matter to them , ani parti will be free to exercis ani remedi avail to it . 10.15 rule of construct . as use in thi agreement , the word “ includ ” , “ includ ” and “ includ ” mean “ includ without limit ” , and no infer or conclus of ani sort shall be drawn from the fact that in some instanc in thi agreement the word “ includ ” , “ includ ” and “ includ ” are actual follow by the phrase “ without limit ” or the equival while in other instanc they are not . except where the context expressli requir otherwis , the use of ani gender herein will be deem to encompass refer to ani gender , and the use of the singular will be deem to includ the plural ( and vice versa ) . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 [ signatur page follow ] sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 in wit whereof , the parti have caus thi develop agreement to be duli execut as of the respect date written below . howmedica osteon corp. conformi , inc. by : /s/ spencer stile by : /s/ mark a. augusti name : spencer stile name : mark a. augusti titl : presid titl : presid and ceo date : septemb 26 , 2019 date : 9-30-2019 [ signatur page to develop agreement ] sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019 execut version certain identifi inform ha been exclud from the exhibit becaus it is both ( i ) not materi and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm to the compani , if publicli disclos . doubl asterisk denot omiss . sourc : conformi inc , 10-q , 11/1/2019