exhibit 10.12 exclus distributor agreement thi exclus distributor agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into as of the 12th day of novemb , 2019 ( the “ effect date ” ) , by and among water now , inc. , a texa corpor ( “ water now ” ) , hydraspin usa , inc. , a texa corpor and a subsidiari of water now ( the “ subsidiari , ” and collect with water now , “ hydraspin ” ) and bestev manag , llc , a texa limit liabil compani ( “ distributor ” ) . hydraspin and distributor are sometim hereinaft refer to individu as a “ parti ” and collect as the “ parties. ” recit : a. hydraspin hold the exclus distribut right in the unit state of america for certain commerci oil and ga product , and the associ technolog , use to separ and remov hydrocarbon from natur and inject water involv in the extract process . b. hydraspin desir to appoint distributor , and distributor desir to be appoint , as the exclus distributor of product of hydraspin in the territori ( as defin below ) , pursuant to the term and condit of thi agreement . now , therefor , in consider of the premis and the mutual promis and coven herein contain , and for other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti herebi agre as follow : articl i. definit 1.1 for purpos of thi agreement , the follow term , where written with an initi capit letter , shall have the mean assign to them in thi articl i unless the context otherwis requir : “ affili ” mean an individu or legal entiti that directli or indirectli , through one or more intermediari , control or is control by , or is under common control with , anoth person . the term “ control ” as util herein mean the possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct or caus direct of the manag and polici of a person , whether through manag , ownership , by contract , or otherwise; provid , howev , in no event shall hydraspin be deem an affili of the distributor . “ chang of control ” mean the sale , convey or disposit of all or substanti all of the asset of hydraspin , the effectu by hydraspin of a transact or seri of transact in which more than 50 of the vote power of hydraspin is dispos of , or ani consolid , merger or other busi combin of hydraspin with or into ani other person or person where hydraspin is not the survivor . “ custom ” mean ani person that is a custom of the distributor and ani affili of distributor that ha an interest in or ultim util the product ( as defin below ) . “ distributor share ” mean , with respect to net revenu , the percentag of net revenu that the distributor is entitl to receiv , as follow : ( i ) for the first ten ( 10 ) product instal , 7.5 of net revenu , and ( ii ) for the eleventh ( 11th ) product instal and all product instal thereaft , 15 of net revenu . notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain herein , the sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 distributor share with respect to the split of net revenu between hydraspin and the distributor with respect to ani particular product instal or group product instal may be negoti by hydraspin and the distributor and set forth in a separ written agreement between the parti , and in such case , the distributor share set forth in the separ written agreement shall supersed and control over the distributor share set forth abov . “ government entiti ” mean ani and all feder , state or local govern , government institut , public author and ani other government entiti of ani natur whatsoev , and ani subdivis or instrument thereof , includ , but not limit to , depart , board , bureau and panel , and ani divis or instrument thereof , whether perman or ad hoc and whether now or hereaft constitut or exist . “ hydraspin share ” mean , with respect to net revenu , the percentag of net revenu that hydraspin is entitl to receiv , as follow : ( i ) for the first ten ( 10 ) product instal , 92.5 of net revenu , and ( ii ) for the eleventh ( 11th ) product instal and all product instal thereaft , 85 of net revenu . notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain herein , the hydraspin share with respect to the split of net revenu between hydraspin and the distributor with respect to ani particular product instal or group product instal may be negoti by hydraspin and the distributor and set forth in a separ written agreement between the parti , and in such case , the hydraspin share set forth in the separ written agreement shall supersed and control over the hydraspin share set forth abov . “ hydrocarbon '' mean and includ oil , ga , casinghead ga , condens , natur ga liquid , and all compon of the forego . “ law ” mean ani constitut , law , ordin , principl of common law , regul , order , statut or treati of or issu by ani government entiti . “ loss ” mean ani damag , defici , penalti , fine , cost , amount paid in settlement , liabil , oblig , tax , loss , expens or fee , includ court cost and reason attorney ’ fee and expens . “ mark ” mean mean the trademark ( s ) , servic mark ( s ) and/or logo ( s ) applic to each product and own by either hydraspin or african horizon technolog ( pti ) ltd ( “ aht ” ) . “ net revenu ” mean the gross revenu deriv from the sale of the hydrocarbon result from the product , less ( i ) the share of gross revenu due to the custom under the agreement between the custom and the distributor or ani affili of the distributor , which is gener 50 , but may be greater or less than 50 , and ( ii ) ordinari and customari cost , expens and fee that are deduct from the gross revenu . “ person ” mean natur person , corpor , ventur , limit liabil compani , partnership , trust and all other entiti and organ . “ perform benchmark ” shall mean the follow requir necessari for distributor to maintain the exclus grant in section 2.1 hereof : ( a ) the execut of contract to deploy product in 25 new locat approv in advanc by hydraspin ( “ custom locat ” ) dure each 12 month period follow the effect date and ( b ) all custom locat in the aggreg shall gener an averag of 7,500 barrel of fluid per day on a trail 12 month basi . custom locat must be avail for instal within 90 day of approv by hydraspin to be appli toward the satisfact of the perform benchmark . all custom locat in excess of sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 25 secur dure an applic 12 month period shall be credit toward the satisfact of the perform benchmark for the subsequ 12 month period . if thi agreement is extend beyond the initi term , as hereinaft defin , the number of custom locat to be secur to maintain exclus dure the pendenc of the agreement shall be increas to 50 from 25 . “ product ” shall mean , collect , ( i ) the product list on exhibit a attach hereto , as such exhibit may be amend from time to time by the parti , ( ii ) all modif , alter , improv , upgrad , and replac to the product list on exhibit “ a ” , now exist and exist in the futur , and ( iii ) all other product , now exist and exist in the futur , distribut by hydraspin or ani affili thereof that perform substanti the same function as the product list on exhibit “ a ” , now exist and exist in the futur . “ revenu event ” mean ani payment in cash , or by check or wire transfer result from the sale of hydrocarbon to oil and ga compani or other third parti , due to the use of one or more product to separ such hydrocarbon from water dure the extract of such hydrocarbon from the earth . “ support servic ” shall mean ( a ) promptli respond to all inquiri from custom , ( b ) servic the product , ( c ) educ custom how to properli use and maintain the product , ( d ) liais between custom , distributor and hydraspin , ( d ) distribut instruct for use , and ani updat thereto , of each product , and ( e ) ani other relat servic perform for or on behalf of custom . “ territori ” shall mean the geograph territori describ on exhibit b attach hereto , as such exhibit may be amend from time to time by the parti . 1.2 other definit . in addit to the term defin in section 1.1 hereof , certain other term are defin elsewher in thi agreement , and whenev such term are use in thi agreement , they shall have their respect defin mean , unless the context expressli or by necessari implic otherwis requir . articl ii . appoint 2.1 exclus and territori . hydraspin herebi appoint distributor , and distributor herebi accept appoint , as hydraspin ’ s exclus distributor of the product in the territori dure the term of thi agreement , subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , includ , but not limit to , the satisfact of the perform benchmark . the territori may be amend with the mutual agreement of both parti from time to time to add or delet geograph territori by amend exhibit b attach hereto . if hydraspin desir to enter a new territori in the unit state , hydraspin will offer distributor the first opportun to becom the exclus distributor for the new territori . if the parti are unabl to reach an agreement on the term of exclus within ten ( 10 ) busi day of the date the opportun is present to distributor , hydraspin shall have no oblig to enter into a contract with distributor regard the new territori . in the event the distributor lose exclus on a territori due to not meet perform benchmark , the distributor shall maintain exclus on ani and all exist product that are in the field and oper at them time exclus if forfeit . 2.2 sale outsid the territori . distributor shall be entitl to advertis , promot , market or sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 solicit ani custom that have a busi presenc outsid the territori , except that distributor shall not conduct solicit activ in ani outsid territori where hydraspin is bound to an exclus distributor agreement with a third parti , provid that hydraspin ha notifi distributor in write of it arrang with the other distributor and of the territori which is subject to exclus in favor of the other distributor . 2.3 noncircumvent . hydraspin certifi , stipul , and agre that the hydraspin will deal exclus with and through the distributor in relat to the distribut of the product in the territori . hydraspin will not in ani way or in ani capac , either directli or indirectli ( includ without limit act by , with or through one or more person in which the hydraspin ha an interest and/or with whom hydraspin ha a relationship ) : except pursuant to an agreement with the distributor , ( a ) contact , approach or negoti with ani custom outsid of the distributor , or ( b ) contact , approach or negoti with ani person other than the distributor and it repres on ani matter with respect to the product , without the prior written consent of the distributor . hydraspin agre that the hydraspin will not , in ani manner , directli or indirectli , circumv or attempt to circumv thi agreement , includ , without limit , form , join , or in ani way particip in ani person or otherwis act in concert with ani person , for the purpos of take ani action in circumvent of thi agreement or which are restrict or prohibit under thi agreement . articl iii . gener oblig 3.1 market . distributor shall use it commerci reason effort to further the advertis , promot , market , distribut and sale of the product throughout the territori . 3.2 support servic . hydraspin shall instal all product and train distributor to provid necessari mainten of the product . follow instal and necessari train , distributor shall provid ani and all necessari and appropri support servic to custom in the territori . hydraspin , if request and the natur of the request is reason , shall assist distributor in provid support servic to the custom in the territori . 3.3 licens . hydraspin shall obtain such author , licens , permit , and other government or regulatori agenc approv , if ani , as are requir for the distribut and sale of the product in the territori . distributor will incur no liabil aris from hydraspin ’ s possess , or lack of possess , of such requisit government author and approv . 3.4 proprietari right . distributor will not modifi or remov ani trademark , copyright and other notic of proprietari right includ by aht or hydraspin on the product . articl iv . product and inventori 4.1 product . hydraspin reserv the right , from time to time and in it sole discret , to modifi , alter , chang , or improv ani or all of the product cover by thi agreement; provid , that thi agreement shall continu to appli to all product in their alter , chang or improv state . hydraspin shall promptli send distributor written notic of ani modif , alter , chang or improv to ani product . sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 4.2 unauthor sale of product . if dure the term of thi agreement , hydraspin ha actual knowledg of ani unauthor sale of ani of the product in the territori , hydraspin shall take commerci reason action as soon as reason possibl to bring such sell activ to an end . 4.3 product adulter . distributor shall not modifi , alter and/or chang ani product as provid by hydraspin without the prior written consent of hydraspin . 4.4 suppli of product . hydraspin shall use it commerci reason effort to suppli the product as provid in thi agreement . in the event that the demand for ani product exce hydraspin ’ s deliveri capabl , hydraspin shall exercis a good faith effort to alloc avail product product resourc on a pro rata basi so that distributor will receiv product in the same ratio as distributor ’ s purchas of such product dure the period contempl by the purchas order bear to hydraspin ’ s total distribut of such product dure such period . 4.5 regulatori approv . hydraspin shall be respons , at it sole expens , for obtain all requir approv , notic , file and applic for product in the territori under all applic law and shall own all regulatori approv with respect to product . distributor shall have the right to reli on all such approv , notic , file and applic in the territori to the extent necessari to perform it oblig hereund . hydraspin shall be respons for undertak all activ requir under all applic law in the territori . if ani separ regulatori approv is requir to be made by distributor , hydraspin shall assist distributor in obtain such regulatori approv . 4.6 product inform . hydraspin will , at it sole cost and to the extent it is avail from the manufactur of the product , furnish distributor with a reason suppli of sale and technic inform , literatur and other market materi regard hydraspin and the product in order to aid distributor in effect carri out it activ under thi agreement . 4.7 problem identif . dure the term of thi agreement , distributor shall provid hydraspin with written notic of ani claim or legal proceed in the territori involv ani of the product promptli after distributor ha actual knowledg of such claim or legal proceed . likewis , dure the term of thi agreement , hydraspin shall provid distributor with written notic of ani claim or legal proceed in the territori involv ani of the product promptli after hydraspin ha actual knowledg of such claim or legal proceed . distributor will also keep hydraspin inform as to ani problem encount with ani of the product . hydraspin will repair or replac all defect or damag product at the time of deliveri at it sole cost and expens . articl v. order and deliveri 5.1 order . distributor shall order product from hydraspin by submit purchas order and an instal plan identifi the number ( s ) and type ( s ) of product order , the request deliveri date ( s ) ( each , an “ order ” ) . the request deliveri date shall be no less than 120 day from the date the order is accept by hydraspin . hydraspin will not unreason reject ani order for product . hydraspin will accept or reject each order submit by distributor within ten ( 10 ) day after receipt of the order . ani order not expressli reject by hydraspin within such ten ( 10 ) day period shall be deem accept by hydraspin . notwithstand the forego , distributor may cancel ani order for product that are not deliv within sixti ( 60 ) day after the deliveri date specifi therein . 5.2 delivery; storage; risk of loss . hydraspin shall use commerci reason effort to deliv product to custom by the deliveri date specifi in distributor ’ s order . product shall be sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 deliv directli to the custom . all cost and expens of ship , freight , deliveri , transport and storag , includ , without limit , insur cover the product dure transport and while store at ani facil will be born sole by hydraspin and the distributor shall not be liabl therefor . risk of loss shall be born entir by hydraspin , even while product are in the possess or control of distributor or ani custom , and the distributor and the custom shall not be liabl therefor , except sole in the case of distributor ’ s or ani custom ’ s intent misconduct or gross neglig . hydraspin may request distributor to store product at distributor ’ s facil , and distributor shall use commerci reason effort to accommod hydraspin ’ s storag requests; provid , that hydraspin shall bear the full risk of loss with respect to product store at distributor ’ s facil and distributor shall not be liabl therefor , except sole in the case of distributor ’ s intent misconduct or gross neglig . articl vi . net revenu and report 6.1 no cost . hydraspin shall provid the product to distributor ’ s custom at no cost to distributor or the custom , except sole for the hydraspin share of net revenu , which shall be due and payabl to hydraspin as set forth in thi articl vi . likewis , hydraspin shall instal , servic and maintain the product , with the commerci reason assist of distributor , at no cost to distributor or the custom except sole for the hydraspin share of net revenu , which shall be due and payabl to hydraspin as set forth in thi articl vi . 6.2 net revenu . with respect to each revenu event , distributor shall be entitl to receiv the distributor share of net revenu , and hydraspin shall be entitl to receiv the hydraspin share of net revenu . hydraspin and the distributor will cooper to ensur that the parti each receiv the correct percentag of net revenu . if hydraspin receiv ani payment in excess of the hydraspin share , then hydraspin agre to remit promptli to the distributor such excess amount . likewis , if the distributor receiv ani payment or in excess of the distributor share , then the distributor agre to remit promptli to hydraspin such excess amount . 6.3 calcul of net revenu . the parti hereto acknowledg and agre that the net revenu is determin , in part , by the method under which the hydrocarbon are measur , that such method differ from custom to custom , and are outsid of the control of the parti . likewis , the parti hereto acknowledg and agre that the time of receipt of net revenu is outsid of the control of the parti . no parti shall be liabl to anoth parti as a result of ani loss sustain by such parti result from the measur of hydrocarbon and the result net revenu deriv from the product or the time of receipt of a parti ’ s share of net revenu . 6.4 record . dure the term of thi agreement and for ani addit time period thereaft requir by applic law , distributor shall maintain complet and accur book and record relat to the product , includ , without limit , the name and address of custom , the locat of the product , the sale of hydrocarbon relat to the product , the net revenu , the hydraspin share of net revenu , and the distributor share of net revenu . dure the term of thi agreement , distributor shall afford to hydraspin and it author repres full access at all reason time and upon reason prior notic , to all such book and record with respect to the product . articl vii . represent and warranti 7.1 represent of hydraspin . hydraspin repres and warrant to distributor as follow : sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 ( a ) due organ , exist and author . hydraspin ( i ) is duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of it jurisdict of organ , and ( ii ) ha full power and author to own it properti , carri on it busi as present conduct and as propos to be conduct , and to enter into and perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( b ) author . the execut and deliveri by hydraspin of thi agreement and the other document relat thereto and the full and time perform of all oblig thereund have been duli author by all necessari action under the constitu document of hydraspin and otherwis . ( c ) valid , bind and enforc . thi ha been duli and validli execut , issu and deliv by hydraspin and constitut the valid and legal bind oblig of hydraspin , enforc in accord with it term , except as limit by bankruptci , insolv , reorgan or other similar law relat to or affect enforc of creditor ’ s right . ( d ) no violat . the execut , deliveri and perform by hydraspin of thi agreement doe not and will not ( i ) contraven the constitu document of hydraspin , ( ii ) contraven ani law , rule or regul , or ani order , writ , judgment , injunct or decre or ani contractu restrict bind on or affect hydraspin or the product , and ( iii ) requir ani approv or consent of ani gener partner , board , manag , member , lender or ani other person or entiti , other than approv or consent that have been previous obtain and disclos in write to the distributor , [ includ , without limit , the consent of aht . ] no author or approv or other action by , and no notic to or file with , ani government author is requir for the due execut , deliveri and perform by hydraspin of thi agreement , other than approv or consent that have been previous obtain and disclos in write to the distributor . 7.2 represent of distributor . distributor repres and warrant to hydraspin as follow : ( a ) due organ , exist and author . distributor ( i ) is duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of it jurisdict of organ , and ( ii ) ha full power and author to own it properti , carri on it busi as present conduct and as propos to be conduct , and to enter into and perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( b ) author . the execut and deliveri by distributor of thi agreement and the other document relat thereto and the full and time perform of all oblig thereund have been duli author by all necessari action under the constitu document of distributor and otherwis . ( c ) valid , bind and enforc . thi ha been duli and validli execut , issu and deliv by distributor and constitut the valid and legal bind oblig of distributor , enforc in accord with it term , except as limit by bankruptci , insolv , reorgan or other similar law relat to or affect enforc of creditor ’ s right . ( d ) no violat . the execut , deliveri and perform by distributor of thi agreement doe not and will not ( i ) contraven the constitu document of distributor , ( ii ) contraven ani law , rule or regul , or ani order , writ , judgment , injunct or decre or ani contractu restrict bind on or affect distributor , or ( iii ) requir ani approv or consent of ani gener partner , board , manag , member , lender or ani other person or entiti , other than approv or consent that have been previous obtain and disclos in write to the hydraspin . sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 no author or approv or other action by , and no notic to or file with , ani government author is requir for the due execut , deliveri and perform by distributor of thi agreement , other than approv or consent that have been previous obtain and disclos in write to hydraspin . articl viii . intellectu properti right 8.1 limit grant . hydraspin herebi grant to distributor an exclus non-transfer and royalty-fre right and licens to use hydraspin ’ s mark in connect with the advertis , promot , market , distribut and sale of the product in the territori in accord with hydraspin ’ s standard and instruct . distributor shall acquir no right , titl or interest in or to the mark , other than the abov licens , and distributor shall not use ani mark as part of distributor ’ s corpor or trade name or permit ani third person or parti to do so without the prior written consent of hydraspin . 8.2 notic of infring . distributor shall notifi hydraspin in write of ani and all infring of the intellectu properti relat to the product in the territori that may come to distributor ’ s attent , and distributor shall assist hydraspin in take such action against such infring as hydraspin in it sole discret may decide; provid , howev , that hydraspin shall bear ani and all expens and cost incid to such action . 8.3 termin of use . distributor acknowledg hydraspin ’ s proprietari right in and to the intellectu properti relat to the product , and distributor waiv in favor of hydraspin all right to the intellectu properti relat to the product , includ ani addit to the intellectu properti hereaft origin by hydraspin or aht . distributor shall not adopt , use or regist ani word , phrase or symbol which are ident to or confusingli similar to ani of the mark . upon termin of thi agreement , distributor shall immedi ceas use the mark . 8.4 ownership . except for the limit right expressli grant herein by hydraspin to distributor , noth in thi agreement will serv to transfer to distributor ani patent , copyright , trademark or other intellectu properti right in or to ani product , the mark , or other intellectu properti own or claim by hydraspin or aht . distributor acknowledg and agre that hydraspin or aht have sole right , titl and interest in and to all intellectu properti right cover , claim or associ with the product , the mark and all goodwil associ therewith . 8.5 mainten of intellectu properti right . dure the term of thi agreement , hydraspin shall be respons for maintain , at hydraspin ’ s sole cost and expens , ani and all intellectu properti right relat to the product , includ , without limit , ( i ) patent and patent applic , and ani and all divis , continu , continuations-in-part , reissu , continu patent applic , reexamin , and extens thereof ( iii ) trademark and servic mark , trade name , trade dress , and logos; and ( iii ) copyright and other work of authorship . articl ix . confidenti and/or proprietari inform 9.1 confidenti . each parti acknowledg that in the cours of perform it respect duti under thi agreement , such parti may obtain inform relat to the other parti , which is of a sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 confidenti or proprietari natur ( “ confidenti inform ” ) . each parti agre not to use such other parti ’ s confidenti inform , either directli or indirectli , for ani purpos other than as requir for perform of such parti ’ s oblig hereund . such confidenti inform may includ but is not limit to copyright , trade secret or other proprietari inform , techniqu , process , schemat , softwar sourc document , price and discount list and schedul , custom list , contract term , custom lead , financi inform , sale and market plan , and inform regard the respons , skill and compens of employe . titl to confidenti inform shall remain with the owner of the confidenti inform at all time . each parti agre to treat the confidenti inform with at least the degre of care and protect with which it treat it own confidenti inform , but in ani event with no less than reason care and protect , and to use the confidenti inform onli for the purpos set forth in thi agreement . except as otherwis requir by law , applic regul or the term of thi agreement or as mutual agre upon by the parti hereto , each parti shall treat as confidenti the term and condit of thi agreement . notwithstand anyth contain in thi agreement to the contrari , confidenti inform shall not includ inform that : ( a ) is or becom avail to the public other than through a disclosur in breach hereof by the receiv parti or ani of it representatives; ( b ) wa in the possess of the receiv parti or it repres prior to the effect date; ( c ) wa commun by the disclos parti to an unaffili third parti free of ani oblig of confidenti , and the unaffili third parti commun the confidenti inform to the receiv parti or it representatives; ( d ) becom avail to the receiv parti or it repres from a sourc other than the disclos parti , provid , that such sourc is not known to the receiv parti or it repres to have made such inform avail in violat of an oblig of confidenti owe to the disclos party; or ( e ) is independ develop by or on behalf of a parti or it repres without use of the confidenti inform of the other parti . 9.2 nondisclosur . each parti agre not to disclos or otherwis make such confidenti inform avail to third parti without the other parti ’ s prior written consent . each parti agre that it will take appropri action by instruct , agreement , or otherwis with such parti ’ s employe to satisfi it oblig under thi agreement with respect to the use , copi , modif , protect , and secur of confidenti inform . noth in thi section prohibit ani disclosur requir by applic law , a valid court order or subpoena; provid , that the disclos parti give the other parti prior notic of , and if possibl a reason opportun to contest , such requir disclosur . 9.3 return of confidenti inform . each parti will promptli return all confidenti inform to the other parti upon expir or termin of thi agreement , or upon receipt by such parti of written notic from the other parti request return of such confidenti inform . such confidenti inform shall be return promptli and the non-disclos parti shall not retain ani document or materi or copi thereof contain ani confidenti inform . 9.4 injunct relief . ani breach of the restrict contain in thi articl ix is a breach of thi sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 agreement that may caus irrepar harm to a parti and as such each parti is entitl to injunct relief to enforc thi agreement without the need to post bond and that such relief shall be , in addit to , and not in lieu of , ani monetari damag or other legal or equit remedi that may be avail . articl x. term and termin 10.1 term . the initi term of thi agreement shall commenc on the effect date and end on the five ( 5 ) year anniversari of the effect date ( the “ initi term ” ) , unless sooner termin pursuant to the term hereof . upon expir of the initi term of thi agreement , thi agreement will automat renew for addit , success five ( 5 ) year period unless either parti provid the other parti written notic of it desir to termin at least one hundr twenti ( 120 ) day prior to the end of the initi term or ani renew . 10.2 termin . thi agreement may be termin as follow : ( a ) in the event that the parti mutual determin that the arrang contempl by thi agreement are no longer in the best interest of the parti or the parti are not otherwis compat , the parti may at ani time , by mutual written agreement , termin thi agreement . ( b ) immedi upon the occurr of ani of the follow event and effect upon deliveri of notic : ( 1 ) by hydraspin , if distributor ceas to do busi , or otherwis termin distributor ’ s busi operations; ( 2 ) by distributor , if hydraspin ceas to do busi , or otherwis termin hydraspin ’ s busi operations; ( 3 ) by hydraspin , if distributor fail to satisfi the perform thresholds; ( 4 ) by either parti , if ani represent by the other parti made in thi agreement wa fals or mislead in ani materi respect when made; ( 5 ) by distributor , if hydraspin fail to secur or renew ani licens , permit , author , or approv for the conduct of hydraspin ’ s busi or the distribut of the product or if ani such licens , permit , author , or approv is revok or suspend provid that such failur , revoc or suspens result in hydraspin ’ s failur or inabl to perform substanti all of it oblig hereunder; ( 6 ) by either parti , if the other parti engag in fraud , criminal/neglig conduct in connect with thi agreement or the busi relationship of the parti or if the other parti make ani materi fals represent , report , or claim in connect with thi agreement or ani product; ( 7 ) by either parti , if the other parti breach ani of it oblig under thi agreement and such violat is not cure to the satisfact of the non-breach parti within thirti ( 30 ) day after written notic is given from the non-breach parti to the breach party; sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 ( 8 ) by either parti , if hydraspin undergo a chang of control; or ( 9 ) by either parti , if such other parti seek protect under ani bankruptci , receivership , truste , creditor arrang , composit , or compar proceed , or if ani such proceed is institut against such other parti . 10.3 effect of termin . ( a ) termin or expir of thi agreement will not reliev either parti of ani oblig incur hereund prior to such termin or expir . each parti will be entitl to cancel ani outstand order , to the extent product have not been deliv . hydraspin shall be entitl to retriev it product from the custom at it sole cost and expens . ( b ) if termin is the result of a chang of control , distributor shall be entitl to receiv a onetim payment , within three ( 3 ) busi day of the effect date of the chang of control , equal to the greater of the follow 1 ) the aggreg amount of the distributor share receiv dure the 18 month prior to the effect date of such chang of control or 2 ) the aggreg amount of the distributor share receiv on the 30 day prior to the effect date of such chang of control multipli by 18 . ( c ) neither parti will incur liabil for ani loss of ani kind suffer or incur by the other parti aris from or incid to termin of thi agreement by such parti as permit by thi articl x. articl xi . miscellan 11.1 notic . ( a ) manner of notic . all notic , request and other commun under thi agreement shall be in write ( includ in portabl document format ( or similar format ) deliv by email transmiss ) and shall be deem to have been duli given if deliv person , or sent by either certifi or regist mail , return receipt request , postag prepaid , or by overnight courier guarante next day deliveri , or by email transmiss , address as follow : ( i ) if to hydraspin : water now , inc. hydraspin usa , inc. 5000 south freeway , suit 110 fort worth , texa 76115 attn : david king email : dkingwaternowinc.com or at such other address or email address as hydraspin may have advis distributor in writing; and ( ii ) if to distributor : bestev manag , llc sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 attn : email : or at such other address or email address as distributor may have advis hydraspin in write . ( b ) deem deliveri . all such notic , request and other commun shall be deem to have been receiv ( i ) on the date of deliveri thereof , if deliv by hand , ( ii ) on the fifth day after the mail thereof , if mail , ( iii ) on the next busi day after the send thereof , if sent by overnight courier , ( iv ) on the day of send , if sent by email transmiss prior to 5:00 p.m. on ani busi day , or ( v ) on the next busi day , if sent by email transmiss after 5:00 p.m. on ani busi day or on ani day other than a busi day . 11.2 waiver and amend . no amend or waiver of ani provis of thi agreement , nor consent to ani departur therefrom , shall be effect unless the same shall be in write and sign by a duli author offic of each of the parti , and then such waiver or consent shall be effect onli in the specif instanc and for the specif purpos for which given . no failur on the part of a parti hereto to exercis , and no delay in exercis , ani right hereund shall oper as a waiver thereof; nor shall ani singl or partial exercis of ani right hereund preclud ani other or further exercis thereof or the exercis of ani other right . the remedi provid in thi agreement are cumul and not exclus of ani remedi provid by law . 11.3 assign . neither parti may assign ani right , or deleg ani duti under thi agreement , in whole or in part , without the prior written consent of the other parti , which shall not be unreason withheld or delay . ani attempt assign without such consent shall be void and of no effect . notwithstand anyth contain in thi section to the contrari , hydraspin may assign thi agreement upon written notic to distributor to ani entiti which control , is control by or under common control with hydraspin or to ani successor to or purchas of all or substanti all of it asset or stock , by merger or otherwis . 11.4 forc majeur . the oblig of the parti under thi agreement shall be suspend to the extent that a parti is hinder or prevent from compli therewith becaus of labor disturb ( includ strike or lockout ) , war , act of god , terror , fire , storm , accid , government regul or ani other caus whatsoev reason beyond a parti ’ s reason control . for so long as such circumst prevail , the parti whose perform is delay or hinder shall continu to use all commerci reason effort to recomm perform without delay . 11.5 relationship of parti . each parti hereto shall be , and at all time will remain , an independ contractor and will not repres itself to be the agent , joint ventur , or partner of the other parti or relat to such parti . no represent will be made or act done by either parti which would establish ani appar relationship of agenc , joint ventur or partnership . noth herein is intend or may be constru to creat ani employer/employe relationship between the parti . 11.6 bind effect . thi agreement shall be bind upon and inur to the benefit of the parti and their respect successor and permit assign . 11.7 exhibit . the exhibit attach hereto or refer to herein are incorpor herein and made a part hereof for all purpos . as use herein , the express “ thi agreement ” mean thi document and such exhibit . sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 11.8 govern law . thi agreement , and the right and oblig of the parti , shall be govern by and constru and enforc in accord with the substant law of the state of texa , u.s.a. without regard to it principl of conflict of law . 11.9 arbitr . the parti shall use their respect best effort to settl amic ani disput , differ or controversi aris between the parti out of or in connect with or in respect of thi agreement . howev , if not so settl , then the same shall be submit to arbitr and , to the fullest extent permit by law , be sole and final settl by confidenti bind arbitr , except as specif provid otherwis herein . the confidenti arbitr proceed shall be held in collin counti , texa and shall be conduct in accord with the altern disput resolut rule of the american arbitr associ . the arbitr proceed shall be held befor a singl arbitr unless ( i ) the matter in controversi exce five hundr thousand dollar ( 500,000 ) , ( ii ) the parti can not agre on the arbitr , or ( iii ) either parti request a panel of three ( 3 ) arbitr . judgment upon the award render by the arbitr may be enter in ani court have jurisdict , or applic may be made to such court for a judici accept of the award and ani order of enforc as the case may be . the arbitr shall not award ani parti punit , exemplari , multipli or consequenti damag , and each parti herebi irrevoc waiv ani right to seek such damag in arbitr or in judici proceed . each parti shall bear it own cost in the arbitr , and the fee and expens of the arbitr shall be share equal by the parti . notwithstand the forego , the arbitr shall have the right and author to apport among the parti all reason cost , includ attorney ’ fee and wit fee , take into account the rel fault of the parti . the forego provis of thi section 11.9 do not limit the right of a parti to seek injunct or other equit relief from a court of compet jurisdict pend resolut of a disput by arbitr . 11.10 jurisdict and venu . subject to the arbitr provis set forth in section 11.10 , ani judici proceed brought by or against either of the parti on ani disput aris out of thi agreement or ani matter relat thereto shall be brought in ani feder or state court sit or have jurisdict in the counti of collin , state of texa , and by execut and deliveri of thi agreement , each parti herebi accept for itself the exclus jurisdict and venu of the aforesaid court as trial court , and irrevoc agre to be bound by ani final non-appeal judgment render in connect with thi agreement . 11.11 number and gender . whenev herein the singular number is use , the same shall includ the plural where appropri , and word of ani gender shall includ each other gender where appropri . 11.12 caption . the caption , head and arrang use in thi agreement are for conveni onli and do not in ani way affect , limit or amplifi the provis hereof . 11.13 invalid provis . if ani provis of thi agreement is held to be illeg , invalid or unenforc under present or futur law effect dure the term hereof , such provis shall be fulli sever , thi agreement shall be constru and enforc as if such illeg , invalid or unenforc provis had never compris a part hereof , and the remain provis of thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect and shall not be affect by the illeg , invalid or unenforc provis or it sever from thi agreement . furthermor , in lieu of such illeg , invalid or unenforc provis , there shall be ad automat as part hereof a provis as similar in term , but in ani event no more restrict than , such illeg , invalid or unenforc provis as may be possibl and be legal , valid and enforc . 11.14 entireti . thi agreement and the document execut and deliv pursuant hereto , execut on the date hereof or in connect herewith , contain the entir agreement between the parti with sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 respect to the matter address herein and supersed all prior represent , induc , promis or agreement , oral or otherwis , which are not embodi herein or therein . 11.15 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in multipl counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin for all purpos and all of which shall be deem collect to be one agreement . signatur given by facsimil or portabl document format ( or similar format ) shall be bind and effect to the same extent as origin signatur . 11.16 third parti beneficiari . noth contain herein , express or impli , is intend to confer upon ani person or entiti other than the parti and their respect successor in interest and permit assign ani right or remedi under or by reason of thi agreement . 11.17 interpret . thi agreement ha been prepar in the english languag which languag shall be control in all respect . sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 in wit whereof , the parti have caus their author repres to execut thi agreement as of the date first set forth abov . water now : water now , inc. by : name : david king titl : chief execut offic hydraspin : hydraspin usa , inc. by : name : david king titl : chief execut offic water now : water now , inc. by : name : titl : distributor : bestev manag , llc by : name : titl : sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 exhibit a product african horizon technolog hydraspin unit sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019 exhibit b territori the territori consist of all of the follow : a. the san juan basin locat near the four corner region of the southwestern unit state . the san juan basin territori includ , without limit , that certain area cover 7,500 squar mile and resid in northwestern new mexico , southwestern colorado , and part of utah and arizona . specif , the san juan basin occupi space in the san juan , rio arriba , sandov , and mckinley counti in new mexico , and la plata and archuleta counti in colorado . b. the permian basin locat in the southwestern part of the unit state . the permian basin territori includ , without limit , the mid-contin oil field provinc locat in western texa and southeastern new mexico , reach from just south of lubbock , past midland and odessa , south nearli to the rio grand river in southern west central texa , and extend westward into the southeastern part of new mexico . c. the eagl ford group basin ( also call the eagl ford shale basin ) cover much of the state of texa . the eagl ford group basin territori includ , without limit , the eagl ford outcrop belt trend from the oklahoma/texa border southward to san antonio , westward to the rio grand , big bend nation park , and the quitman mountain of west texa . sourc : water now , inc. , 10-q , 11/20/2019