exhibit 10.38 in accord with item 601 ( b ) of regul s-k , certain identifi inform ( the “ confidenti inform ” ) ha been exclud from thi exhibit becaus it is both ( i ) not materi and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm if publicli disclos . the confidenti inform is denot herein by [ ] . cisco system , inc. nonexclus valu ad distributor agreement thi nonexclus valu ad distributor agreement ( `` agreement '' ) , between scansourc , inc. , a south carolina corpor , with it princip place of busi at 6 logu court , greenvil , south carolina , 29615 ( `` distributor '' ) , and cisco system , inc. , a california corpor with it princip place of busi at 170 west tasman drive , san jose , california 95134 - 1706 , ( `` cisco '' ) is enter into as of the date last written below ( `` the effect date '' ) . thi agreement consist of thi signatur page and the follow attach , each of which is incorpor into thi agreement by refer : 1. nonexclus valu ad distributor agreement term and condit 2. exhibit a : territori 3. exhibit b : valu ad distributor support exhibit 3.1 appendix 1 : cisco problem priorit and escal guidelin 4. exhibit c : softwar licens agreement 5. exhibit d : distributor freight polici 6. exhibit e : affili list 7. exhibit f : softwar transfer and relicens polici 8. exhibit g : end of life polici thi agreement is the complet agreement between the parti hereto concern the subject matter of thi agreement and replac ani prior or contemporan oral or written commun between the parti . in the event of conflict between the term of thi agreement and the term of an exhibit hereto , the term of the exhibit shall govern . there are no condit , understand , agreement , represent or warranti , express or impli , which are not specifi herein . thi agreement may onli be modifi by a written document execut by the parti hereto . in wit whereof , the parti hereto have caus thi agreement to be duli execut . each parti warrant and repres that it respect signatori whose signatur appear below have been and are on the date of signatur duli author to execut thi agreement . scansourc , inc . ( “ distributor ” ) cisco system , inc. ( “ cisco ” ) by : /s/ jeffrey e. yelton by : /s/ frank a. calderon name : jeffrey e. yelton name : frank a . calderon titl : vp merchandis titl : vp , ww sale financ date : 1/19/07 date : januari 22 , 2007 sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 nonexclus valu ad distributor agreement term and condit 1.0 definit . affili ( s ) are the entiti list on exhibit e to thi agreement that are either busi unit of distributor ( and therefor wholly-own and a part of distributor ) or are wholly-own subsidiari of distributor , but in either case , onli for so long as ownership remain as defin in thi provis . cisco quarter shall mean cisco 's fiscal quarter ( august 1-octob 31; novemb 1-januari 31; februari 1-april 30; and may 1-juli 31 ) . document shall mean user manual , train materi , product descript and specif , technic manual , licens agreement , support materi and other print inform relat to ani product , whether distribut in print , in electron form , or in cd-rom or video format . end user is the final purchas or license who ha acquir product for it own intern use and not for resal , remarket or redistribut . an entiti that perform stock , spare or wareh activ for third parti or procur cisco product , servic or softwar for deliveri to third parti is not an end user . global price list mean a complet list of those cisco product , servic , includ product and servic which cisco may make avail to distributor at it sole discret , and associ price . hardwar is the tangibl product made avail to distributor . major releas or new releas mean a releas of softwar which is design by cisco as a chang in the one digit in the softwar version number [ ( x ) .x.x ] . non-genuin product are ani and all product : ( i ) to which a mark or other cisco trademark or servic mark ha been affix without cisco 's consent; ( ii ) that have not been manufactur by cisco or cisco technolog , inc. ( `` cti '' ) or by a licens manufactur of either cisco or cti in accord with the applic license; or ( iii ) are produc with the intent to counterfeit or imit a genuin cisco product obsolet product shall mean ani product that is remov from the then-curr valu ad distributor price list . purchas order is a written or electron order from distributor to cisco for hardwar , softwar or servic to be purchas , licens or provid under thi agreement . product mean , individu or collect as appropri , hardwar , licens softwar , document , develop product , suppli , accessori , and good to the forego , list on the then-curr publish global price list . resel mean an author resel of distributor that meet cisco 's then-curr requir for resel , includ , without limit , the requir set out in section 26.0 of thi agreement . in the event cisco enter into author agreement wherebi cisco author particular resel to purchas product or servic from distributor and to resel product or servic to end user , then `` resel '' shall mean a resel that is a parti to such an author agreement . servic mean cisco 's smartnet famili of packag servic offer , as well as such other servic offer as cisco make avail for purchas by distributor on cisco 's wholesal or global price list . softwar is the machin readabl ( object code ) version of the comput program list from time to time on the wholesal or global price list and made avail by cisco for licens by distributor , and ani copi or updat thereof . cisco reserv the right , dure the term of thi agreement , to licens and distribut item of softwar from time to time . such item of softwar may be licens under addit or differ polici and licens term , which will be made avail to distributor . notwithstand the use of the term `` purchas '' to refer to ani item of softwar compris or includ within a product , cisco and distributor agre that all softwar provid by cisco to distributor under thi agreement is licens by cisco to distributor rather than purchas by distributor from cisco . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 territori is compris of those region or countri list in exhibit a. unauthor cisco product mean ani genuin cisco product or cisco servic that distributor purchas or acquir from ani parti other than cisco and/or an approv sourc . unauthor cisco product do not includ non-genuin product . updat mean a bug fix , error correct , patch or workaround for the softwar which is provid by cisco to distributor in respons to distributor 's request , or at cisco 's option , which cisco choos to provid to distributor . valu ad distributor price list shall mean a portion of the global price list contain product which cisco make avail to distributor for stock and the price at which cisco will sell such product to distributor . 2.0 scope . thi agreement and the attach exhibit set forth the term and condit for distributor 's purchas of hardwar and licens of softwar , and redistribut of product , dure the term of thi agreement . affili of distributor list on exhibit e may purchas product , sole for redistribut , from cisco under thi agreement . distributor herebi guarante the perform by such affili of the financi and other contractu oblig set forth in thi agreement and repres and warrant that it is empow to enter into thi agreement on behalf of such affili , and to bind ( and doe so bind ) such affili to the term and condit of thi agreement . cisco may requir certain of the list affili to execut an agreement with cisco or an affili of cisco such that the legal relationship shall be between cisco or cisco 's affili and distributor 's affili . ani breach by distributor or by an affili of ( i ) thi agreement , or ( ii ) ani other agreement between cisco and distributor or an affili of either parti , shall entitl cisco to termin thi agreement and/or ani such agreement with affili and/or ani other affili pursuant to section 18. the limit of liabil set forth in thi agreement shall be deem an aggreg limit of liabil , not per affili , regardless of whether an affili or affili ha execut a separ agreement with cisco or a cisco affili permit such affili to purchas under the term of thi agreement . in addit , ani report requir hereund shall be perform sole by distributor . all report inform relat to distributor or ani affili ( s ) shall be aggreg and submit as part of a singl report , as requir herein . 3.0 appoint of distributor . 3.1 by thi agreement , cisco make , and distributor accept , the appoint of distributor as an author , non-exclus distributor of product and servic to resel locat in the territori . distributor agre to use it best effort to distribut product sole to resel locat in the territori . those resel may resel product onli to end user who intend to use the product in the territori . all resel to which distributor distribut product must meet cisco 's then-curr guidelin for resel , as amend from time to time . 3.2 distributor is author to resel onli those product and servic which are list on the valu ad distributor price list . notwithstand the forego , cisco may , in it discret , make avail for purchas and resal by distributor , but not for stock by distributor , certain other product and/or servic which are list on the global price list . upon such product or servic be made avail to distributor , such product and servic will be deem to be product and servic as defin herein . 3.3 product requir . for new product or servic ad to the global or valu ad distributor price list , includ product or servic which becom avail to cisco as a result of an acquisit by cisco of anoth entiti , cisco may impos certif , instal , or train requir on distributor prior to allow distributor to purchas , resel , or provid support for such product or servic . 3.4 distributor agre not to solicit order for product or servic , or to engag salespeopl or establish warehous or other distribut center for the redistribut of product or servic , outsid the territori , except to the extent advertis is place in a particular advertis medium ( except catalog ) which is distribut both insid and outsid of the territori . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 3.5 unauthor cisco product . distributor acknowledg that the purchas and resal of non-genuin or unauthor cisco product are not within the scope of thi agreement and integr is not entitl to the right grant herein with respect to the resal of such non-genuin or unauthor cisco product . for all unauthor cisco product , cisco reserv the right to withhold ani warranti or cisco support on such product , unless such product pass a cisco equip inspect and cisco receiv payment for the applic equip inspect and/or softwar licens fee , as requir in the then​ current softwar transfer and licens polici . a print copi of the softwar transf and licens polici , in effect on the effect date of thi agreement and avail at http : //www.cisco.com/warp/public/csc/refurb_equipment/swpolicy.html , shall accompani thi agreement . thi polici is subject to chang without notic . if cisco determin that resel ha resold and/or redistribut unauthor cisco product purchas from unauthor sourc , then cisco may , at cisco 's sole discret : ( a ) audit resel 's purchas and resal record of cisco product and relev record pursuant to section 17.0 ( report and record ) and/or ( b ) invoic resel for all reason cost incur by cisco in it perform of the audit and/or ( c ) suspend all product shipment to resel . 4.0 order . 4.1 upon and subject to credit approv by cisco at the time of cisco 's receipt of ani purchas order , distributor shall purchas or licens product or servic by issu a purchas order , sign , if request by cisco , or ( in the case of electron transmiss ) sent by it author repres , indic specif product and servic , cisco product number , quantiti , unit price , total purchas price , ship instruct , request ship date , bill-to and ship-to address , tax exempt certif , if applic and contract refer , if ani . no conting contain on ani purchas order shall be bind upon cisco . the term of thi agreement shall appli , regardless of ani addit or conflict term on ani purchas order or other correspond or document submit by distributor to cisco , and ani such addit or conflict term are deem reject by cisco . 4.2 cisco shall use commerci reason effort to provid order acknowledg inform within [ ] busi day for all purchas order place on cisco.com or within [ ] busi day of purchas order fax or hand deliv to cisco . cisco custom servic will review and accept or declin all purchas order for the cisco entiti that will suppli the product or servic , and no other person is author to accept purchas order on behalf of cisco . cisco custom servic may accept a purchas order even if some of the inform requir by section 4.1 abov is miss or incomplet . in relat to servic , cisco will confirm accept of a purchas order for servic by issu a list of product cover by such servic ( the `` equip list '' ) . 4.3 distributor may defer product shipment for up to [ ] from the origin ship date schedul by cisco , provid written or electron notic ( issu , in either case , by an author repres of distributor ) is receiv by cisco at least [ ] day befor the origin schedul ship date . cancel purchas order , reschedul shipment or product configur chang request by distributor less than [ ] day befor the origin schedul ship date shall be subject to ( a ) accept by cisco , and ( b ) a charg of [ ] of the total invoic amount relat to the affect product . cisco reserv the right to reschedul shipment in case of configur chang request by distributor within [ ] day of schedul shipment . no cancel shall be accept by cisco where product are purchas with implement servic , includ design , custom or instal servic , except as may be set forth in the agreement or statement of work under which the servic are to be render . 5.0 ship and deliveri 5.1 schedul ship date will be assign by cisco as close as practic to the distributor 's request date base on cisco 's then-curr lead time for the product . cisco will commun schedul ship date in the order acknowledg or on cisco.com . cisco will ship product in complianc with distributor freight polici set forth in exhibit d. if no guidanc is contain on exhibit d for ani particular shipment , cisco shall select the carrier . 5.2 for shipment to the unit state , ship term are [ ] , which shall appear on cisco 's order acknowledg or be access via cisco.com . titl and risk of loss shall pass from cisco to distributor [ ] . for order place and/or shipment to destin outsid of the unit state but within the territori ( `` intern order '' ) , distributor may need to contract with , and/or order from , a cisco affili . differ ship term may appli to intern order , as cisco shall specifi at the time and as shall be record in distributor 's agreement with such cisco affili or otherwis set out on cisco.com . 5.3 cisco shall not be liabl for loss , damag or penalti for delay in deliveri or for failur to give notic of ani delay . except in accord with the applic deliveri term set forth in thi agreement , cisco shall not have ani sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 liabil in connect with shipment , nor shall the carrier be deem to be an agent of cisco . 6.0 payment . 6.1 price for product shall be those specifi in cisco 's then-curr global or valu ad distributor price list . [ ] as provid in sub- section 3.2 , in it discret , cisco may choos to make product or servic which are on the global price list but not on the valu ad distributor price list avail to distributor . the price for such product or servic will be provid by cisco to distributor at the time cisco make such product avail . 6.2 upon and subject to credit approv by cisco , payment term shall be [ ] day from ship date . all payment shall be made in the currenc in which the price list is quot for the applic purchas order [ ] . 6.3 the purchas price doe not includ ani feder , state or local tax , or sale , use , excis , ad valorem , value-add , withhold or other tax or duti that may be applic to the purchas of product . when cisco ha the legal oblig to collect such tax , the appropri amount shall be ad to distributor 's invoic and paid by distributor , unless distributor provid cisco with a valid tax exempt certif prior to issuanc of a purchas order . such certif must be in a form author by the appropri tax author . 6.4 distributor is free to determin it minimum resal price unilater . distributor understand that neither cisco nor ani employe or repres of cisco may give ani special treatment ( favor or unfavor ) to distributor as a result of distributor 's select of minimum resal price . no employe or repres of cisco or anyon els ha ani author to determin what distributor 's minimum resal price for the product must be , or to limit distributor 's price discret with respect to the product and servic . 6.5 in the event ani provis of thi agreement or ani other agreement between distributor and cisco requir that cisco grant credit to distributor 's account , cisco will grant such credit to distributor 's account . [ ] . cisco will onli consid debit memo initi receiv from distributor dure the time period associ with such request , as set forth herein . all debit memo distributor submit to cisco will be submit use ani method identifi in 25.8 , or as otherwis agre between the parti . 6.6 except as state in section 7 ( price protect ) , 12 ( inventori balanc ) , 13 ( return of obsolet product ) , 18 ( term and termin ) or as otherwis state herein , for all price adjust relat credit request by the distributor to be grant by cisco , the 6.7 distributor must make the initi credit request to cisco , in write , within [ ] of the underli point of sale transact . ani initi credit request submit by the distributor to cisco greater than [ ] after the underli point of sale transact will not be honor by cisco and cisco will not grant such credit to distributor . 7.0 price protect . 7.1 definit : for purpos of thi section 7.0 , product `` in-transit '' shall be defin as all product with a particular cisco part number ship by cisco to distributor in the [ ] day period prior to the date on which cisco announc a gener price decreas for product with such part number , exclud those product which distributor ha receiv into it inventori dure such [ ] day period . 7.2 in the event cisco put into effect a gener price decreas for ani product from the valu ad distributor price list , cisco will provid to distributor a price credit on ani such product on order , in transit or in distributor 's inventori as of the effect date of the price decreas , provid that the price credit for such product in inventori or in transit shall not exceed the dollar valu of shipment of that product ( measur by the appropri cisco product number ) to distributor over the preced [ ] . cisco will credit distributor 's account with an amount equal to the number of unit of such product in distributor 's inventori and in transit on the effect date of a price decreas multipli by the differ between the net price paid and the new net price . distributor will have [ ] from the effect date of the price chang to exercis protect under thi program by issu a request for credit memo with support document to cisco . claim for price protect submit more than [ ] from the effect date of a price decreas will be reject . notwithstand the forego , product on order will receiv an automat retroact price credit . the onli inventori product cover under thi price protect claus is product which ha been identifi by distributor to cisco in the daili inventori report requir in sub-sub-sect 17.2.2 , exclud ani third-parti sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 sourc product . cisco will use commerci reason effort to notifi distributor within [ ] of all such price chang . 8.0 reserv 9.0 proprietari right and softwar licens . 9.1 distributor 's use of softwar is govern by the term contain in exhibit c ( end user licens agreement ( `` eula '' ) ) . for purpos of thi agreement , all refer to `` custom '' or `` you '' therein shall refer to distributor . 9.2 distributor shall notifi cisco promptli of ani breach or suspect breach of the eula and further agre that it will , at cisco 's request , assist cisco in effort to preserv cisco 's intellectu properti right includ pursu an action against ani breach third parti . 10. warranti . 10.1 c i s c o p r o d u c t s a r e p r o v i d e d w i t h w r i t t e n l i m i t e d w a r r a n t i e s , a s s e t f o r t h a t t h e f o l l o w i n g u r l : http : //www.cisco.com/warp/public/cc/serv/mkt/sup/tsssv/wnty/ . distributor will pass through to resel all written limit warranti provid by cisco with product purchas by distributor and distributor shall contractu requir ( in whatev manner distributor deem appropri ) each such resel to provid such warranti and other term to ani end user to which the resel redistribut the product . 10.2 in addit to the written limit warranti provid by cisco with it product , such warranti statement shall appli to distributor dure the period between when it receiv a product and when it resel or redistribut such product , 10.3 notwithstand ani other provis hereof , cisco 's sole and exclus warranti and oblig with respect to the product sold hereund are set forth in cisco 's limit warranti statement deliv with the product . distributor shall not make ani warranti commit , whether written or oral , on cisco 's behalf . distributor shall indemnifi cisco against ani warranti made in addit to cisco 's standard warranti and for ani misrepresent of cisco 's reput or cisco 's product . 10.4 disclaim of warranti . except as expressli provid in thi section 10.0 , cisco herebi disclaim and distributor waiv all represent , condit and warranti ( whether express , impli , or statutori ) , includ , without limit , ani warranti or condit ( a ) of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , noninfring , satisfactori qualiti , quiet enjoy , accuraci , or system integr , or ( b ) aris from ani cours of deal , cours of perform , or usag in the industri . to the extent an impli warranti can not be disclaim , such warranti is limit in durat to the applic express warranti period . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 10 , cisco make no represent or warranti as to ownership of intellectu properti or of proprietari right , or as to infring or misappropri thereof . distributor 's sole and exclus remedi in the event of ani such infring , misappropri or ani claim thereof shall be as set forth in section 15 of thi agreement ( `` patent and copyright infring '' ) . 11.0 trademark . 11.1 cisco grant to distributor the right to use the name , logo , trademark , and other mark of cisco ( collect , the `` mark '' ) for all proper purpos in the sale of cisco product and servic to end user and the perform of distributor 's duti hereund onli so long as thi agreement is in effect . distributor 's use of such mark shall be in accord with cisco 's polici includ , but not limit to trademark usag and advertis polici , and be subject to cisco 's written approv . distributor further agre not to affix ani mark to product other than genuin product . distributor shall have no claim or right in the mark , includ but not limit to trademark , servic mark , or trade name own , use or claim now or which cisco ha author to grant distributor the right to use in the futur . distributor agre that upon notic from cisco it will immedi termin it use of a particular mark . 11.2 distributor shall not acquir , use , promot or resel non-genuin product . addit , distributor shall sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 notifi cisco promptli of the exist , or suspect exist , of non​ genuin product in possess of or promot by third parti , and further agre that it will , at cisco 's request , assist cisco to dilig pursu ani action against ani third parti in possess of or promot non- genuin product . 11.3 if distributor acquir , use , promot or resel non-genuin product , cisco may take one or more of the follow action , at cisco 's discret : ( i ) invoic distributor , and the latter further agre to pay within [ ] of receipt of the invoic , for all reason cost associ with ani audit and/or ani investig carri out by cisco or it independ account or investig , that disclos a materi breach by distributor of thi section , and/or ( ii ) requir distributor , [ ] of cisco 's request , to recal and destroy all non-genuin product that distributor ha sold to resel and replac such product with legitim , equival product at distributor 's expens , ( iii ) requir distributor , within [ ] of receiv cisco 's written request , to provid cisco with all detail relat to distributor 's acquisit of all non-genuin product , includ without limit , it supplier , ship detail and all buyer to whom distributor resold non-genuin product , and ( iv ) termin thi agreement by notic with immedi effect . 12.0 inventori balanc . for a [ ] period , begin on the effect date of thi agreement , distributor ha the option to return to cisco , for credit , up to [ ] of the dollar valu of product list on the valu ad distributor price list and ship to distributor in the preced cisco quarter , net of credit issu by cisco to distributor . [ ] cisco shall credit distributor 's account in the amount of the price paid by distributor for return product , less ani price protect credit issu to distributor relat to the product return ( the `` return credit '' ) . each of the follow requir must be met by distributor : 12.1 [ ] 12.2 distributor may submit the inventori balanc claim between the first and [ ] calendar day of the follow month : februari , may , august , and novemb . 12.3 [ ] 12.4 distributor shall bear all ship and handl charg to the cisco design unit state site for product return for credit; 12.5 distributor shall obtain an rma number prior to return ani product to cisco . distributor shall follow cisco 's then-curr rma process; and 12.6 distributor report must be provid to cisco in accord with the requir of sub- section 17.2 . [ ] 13.0 return of obsolet product 13.1 cisco will use commerci reason effort to notifi distributor , includ by electron post , when a product becom an obsolet product . 13.2 provid distributor provid requir report to cisco in accord with section 17.0 of thi agreement , distributor shall have the right to return obsolet product for full credit under cisco 's then-curr rma process . [ ] 13.3 distributor must notifi cisco of the quantiti of obsolet product to be return to cisco within [ ] of notif of obsolesc by cisco . such right to return is conting upon return by distributor of obsolet product within [ ] of such notif by cisco . such product must be in new and unus condit and in factori seal box . 13.4 [ ] 14.0 reserv 15.0 patent and copyright infring . 15.1 cisco will have the oblig and right to defend ani claim , action , suit or proceed ( `` ipr claim '' ) brought sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 against distributor , it offic , director , employe and agent ( `` name parti '' ) so far as it is base on a claim that ani product suppli under thi agreement infring third parti ipr ( as defin below ) . cisco will indemnifi name parti and hold harmless against ani final judgment enter in respect of such an ipr claim by a court of compet jurisdict and against ani settlement aris out of such an ipr claim . cisco 's oblig to defend the ipr claim and indemnifi distributor are condit upon : 15.1.1 distributor notifi cisco promptli in write of the ipr claim or threat thereof; distributor grant cisco full and exclus author for the conduct of the defens and settlement of the 15.1.2 ipr claim and ani subsequ appeal; and 15.1.3 distributor provid cisco all inform and assist reason request by cisco in connect with the conduct of the defens and settlement of the ipr claim and ani subsequ appeal . 15.2 for the purpos of thi agreement , third parti ipr mean a unit state copyright exist as at the effect date , a unit state patent issu as at the effect date , a trademark regist in the unit state as at the effect date , trade dress exist in the unit state as at the effect date , or a claim that a product is manufactur by mean of misappropri of a third parti 's trade secret . 15.3 if an ipr claim ha been made , or in cisco 's opinion is like to be made , distributor agre to permit cisco , at it option and expens , either to : ( a ) procur for distributor the right to continu use the product; ( b ) replac or modifi the product so that it becom non-infringing; or ( c ) immedi termin both parti ' respect right and oblig under thi agreement with regard to the product , in which case distributor will return the product to cisco and cisco will refund to distributor the price origin paid by distributor to cisco for the product , [ ] . 15.4 notwithstand the forego , cisco ha no liabil for , and distributor will defend and indemnifi cisco against , ani ipr claim aris from : 15.4.1 the combin , oper , or use of a product suppli under thi agreement with ani product , devic , or softwar not suppli by cisco; 15.4.2 the amount or durat of use which distributor , a resel or an end user make of the product , revenu earn by distributor , a resel or an end user from servic it provid that use the product , or servic offer by distributor , a resel or an end user to extern or intern customers; 15.4.3 the alter or modif of ani product suppli under thi agreement; 15.4.4 cisco 's complianc with distributor 's design , specif , or instructions; or 15.4.5 distributor 's use of the product after cisco ha inform distributor of modif or chang in the product requir to avoid such an ipr claim if the alleg infring would have been avoid by implement of cisco 's recommend modif or chang . 15.5 thi section state the entir oblig of cisco and it supplier , and the exclus remedi of distributor , in respect of ani infring or alleg infring of ani intellectu properti right or proprietari right . thi indemn oblig and remedi are given to distributor sole for it benefit and in lieu of , and cisco disclaim , all warranti , condit and other term of non-infring or titl with respect to ani product . 15.6 [ ] . 16.0 support . support shall be provid in accord with exhibit b. distributor acknowledg that cisco will not be respons for warranti servic and support except as specif provid in exhibit b or a cisco support program ( e.g. , smartnet ) . 17.0 report and record . 17.1 with regard to both distributor and affili ' activ , distributor shall keep full , true , and accur record and account , in accord with generally-accept account principl , of each product or servic purchas and deploy , resold , or distribut by serial number , includ inform regard complianc with cisco market and sale program , softwar usag , and export or transfer . distributor shall make these record avail for audit by cisco upon [ ] prior written notic , dure regular busi hour , at distributor 's princip place of busi or such other of distributor 's locat where distributor may maintain relev record . [ ] . all report and relat oblig in thi section 17 appli to not onli data regard distributor 's activ , but also sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 the activ of the affili . all such inform shall be compil into one report unless otherwis direct herein . the report ( s ) shall identifi the specif distributor entiti involv in the subject transact . 17.2 report . [ ] 17.3 distributor agre to use commerci reason effort , commensur with the manner in which distributor treat ani of it other lead vendor , in order to facilit cisco 's abil to obtain daili sale inform from distributor via edi . 17.4 eccn number . upon request by distributor , cisco agre to make avail to distributor the export control classif number ( eccn ) for each of cisco 's product and inform as to whether or not ani of such product are classifi under the u.s. munit licens . 17.5 unauthor cisco product . distributor will not purchas product for resal to ani resel from ani person or entiti other than cisco , provid that distributor may accept return product from resel if distributor initi sold the product to be return to such resel . [ ] 18.0 term and termin . 18.1 thi agreement shall commenc on the effect date and continu thereaft for a period of two ( 2 ) year , unless extend by written agreement of both parti or sooner termin as set forth below . without prejudic to either parti 's right to termin thi agreement as set forth in sub​ section 18.2 to 18.5 below , cisco may , by written notic to distributor , given at least thirti ( 30 ) day prior to the end of the then-curr term of the agreement , extend the term of the agreement for the period set forth in such notic , up to a maximum of one ( 1 ) year beyond the then- current expir date . ani extens shall be on the same term and condit then in forc , except as may be mutual agre in write by the parti . in the event the agreement expir and cisco intend to not renew the agreement , cisco will provid written notic of same to distributor . notwithstand cisco 's right to extend the term of thi agreement , each parti acknowledg that thi agreement shall alway be interpret as be limit in durat to a definit term and that the other parti ha made no commit whatsoev regard the durat or renew of thi agreement beyond those expressli state herein . 18.2 termin for conveni . either parti may termin thi agreement , without caus , by give the other parti [ ] day prior written notic . notwithstand the forego , cisco may termin thi agreement immedi upon written notic in the event of breach by distributor of section 9.0 ( proprietari right and softwar licens ) , section 11.0 ( trademark ) , section 19.0 ( confidenti ) or section 20.0 ( export restrict ) of thi agreement . 18.3 a parti may termin thi agreement immedi through written notic if ( i ) the other parti ceas to carri on busi as a go concern; or ( ii ) the other parti becom or may becom the object of the institut of voluntari or involuntari proceed in bankruptci or liquidation; or ( iii ) a receiv or similar offic is appoint with respect to the whole or a substanti part of the other parti 's assets; or ( iv ) an event similar to ani of the forego occur under applic law . 18.4 cisco may termin thi agreement upon [ ] day ' written notic , in the event it becom known that ( i ) distributor or an affili or distributor 's direct or indirect parent ha acquir or intend to acquir a control interest in a third parti that is a competitor of cisco , or ( ii ) distributor or it direct or indirect parent is to be acquir by a third parti , or ( iii ) a control interest in distributor or it direct or indirect parent is to be transfer to a third parti . 18.5 upon termin or expir of thi agreement , ( a ) cisco reserv the right to ceas all further deliveri of product or servic due against ani exist purchas order unless distributor agre to pay for such deliveri in advanc by certifi or cashier 's check , ( b ) all outstand invoic immedi becom due and payabl by certifi or cashier 's check , and ( c ) all right and licens of distributor hereund shall termin , subject to the term of the follow sentenc . except for a termin of thi agreement result from distributor 's breach of section 9.0 ( proprietari right and softwar licens ) or section 19.0 ( confidenti inform ) , upon termin or expir of thi agreement , distributor may continu to use , in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement , product ship to it by cisco prior to the date of termin or expir . 18.6 upon termin or expir of thi agreement , distributor shall immedi return to cisco all confidenti inform ( includ all copi thereof ) then in distributor 's possess , custodi or control; provid , that except for a termin result from distributor 's breach of section 9.0 ( proprietari right and softwar licens ) or section 19.0 ( confidenti inform ) , distributor may retain a suffici amount of such confidenti inform and materi sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 to support it instal base of product . 18.7 [ ] . 18.8 in the event of termin by cisco for conveni , termin by distributor for cisco 's materi breach , or expir of thi agreement where cisco ha provid distributor with written notic from an author repres of it intent not to renew the agreement , cisco agre to repurchas all product in distributor 's inventori within [ ] day follow the effect date of termin or expir . within [ ] day follow the effect date of termin or expir , distributor shall return to cisco all product held in inventori as of the effect date of termin . distributor shall receiv credit for ani product so return in an amount equal to the origin purchas price thereof , less ani credit or discount which have been previous paid or appli to distributor . such credit shall be first appli to ani uncontest amount due cisco . ani remain balanc shall be payabl to distributor as soon as commerci practic . cisco shall have the option to select the method of return and shall bear all freight cost associ with return of product by distributor under thi section 18.8 . 18.9 in the event of termin by cisco for distributor 's materi breach , or termin by distributor for conveni , cisco may , at it option , allow distributor to return unsold product , but cisco is in no way oblig to do so . in the case of author return of product by cisco under section 18.9 , distributor will bear all freight cost associ with return of product to cisco . 18.10 [ ] distributor shall obtain an rma number prior to return ani product to cisco . distributor shall follow cisco 's then-curr rma process . 18.11 distributor agre that , in the event of ani termin of thi agreement , it shall have no right to damag or indemnif of ani natur , specif includ commerci sever pay , whether by way of loss of futur profit , expenditur for promot of ani product , or other commit in connect with the busi and good will of distributor . distributor expressli waiv and renounc ani claim to compens or indemn for ani termin of a busi relationship . except as otherwis expressli set forth herein , thi section shall in no way be interpret to releas either cisco or distributor from ani payment or financi oblig made prior to termin . 19.0 confidenti . distributor acknowledg that , in the cours of sell product and servic and perform it duti under thi agreement , distributor , it resel , and end user to which distributor provid access to cisco technic data ( includ without limit product , servic , and technic data made avail on cisco connect onlin pursuant to exhibit c ) , may obtain inform relat to product , servic , or to cisco , which is of a confidenti and proprietari natur ( `` proprietari inform '' ) . such proprietari inform includ , but is not limit to , trade secret , know-how , invent , techniqu , process , program , schemat , softwar sourc document , data , custom list , financi inform and sale and market plan . cisco own and intend to maintain it ownership of all such proprietari inform . [ ] distributor shall appropri bind each of it employe to whom such disclosur is made , to hold the proprietari inform in strict confid and not to disclos such inform to ani person other than as is necessari in the cours of it employ by distributor and will indemnifi cisco for all damag suffer by cisco in the event of wrong disclosur of such proprietari inform . neither parti shall disclos , advertis , or publish either the exist , the subject matter , ani discuss relat to , or ani of the term and condit , of thi agreement ( or ani summari of ani of the forgo ) to ani third parti without the prior written consent of the other parti . ani press releas , public , advertis or public disclosur regard thi agreement is subject to both the prior review and the written approv of both parti . cisco acknowledg that , under thi agreement , distributor may provid point of sale ( `` po '' ) report , financi inform , sale and market plan , distributor network design inform and distributor list , of a proprietari and confidenti natur ( `` distributor confidenti inform '' ) . such distributor inform , exclud po report and distributor list , shall be use by cisco onli in connect with thi agreement . [ ] cisco further agre to immedi return to distributor , at distributor 's request , all distributor confidenti inform in cisco 's possess , custodi , or control upon termin of thi agreement at ani time and for ani reason , except for po report or distributor sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 list that cisco may use for intern busi or end user support purpos or government-rel purpos . 20.0 export restrict . certain of the product suppli by cisco under the agreement are subject to export control under the law and regul of the unit state ( u.s. ) and elsewher . distributor shall compli with such law and regul govern use , export , re-export , and transfer of product and will obtain all requir u.s. and local author , permit , or licens . 21.0 complianc with law . 21.1 distributor shall obtain all licens , permit and approv requir by ani govern , includ ani recycl or take-back program applic to packag or product , and shall compli with all applic law , rule , regul , polici and procedur and ani requir applic to the import , export , use , sale , loan , purchas , and distribut of product under telecommun , consum right relat , environment , labor , tax , and ani other law and regul , of ani govern or other compet author where the product are to be sold , use or deploy ( collect `` applic law '' ) . 21.2 distributor will indemnifi and hold harmless cisco for ani claim aris from or relat to distributor 's violat or alleg violat of ani applic law . 21.3 distributor herebi repres and warrant that : ( a ) it shall compli with all applic laws; ( b ) thi agreement and each of it term are in full conform and in complianc with such laws; and ( c ) it shall not take ani action or permit or author ani action which will render cisco liabl for a violat of the u.s. foreign corrupt practic act , which prohibit the offer , give or promis to offer or give , directli or indirectli , money or anyth of valu to ani offici of a govern , polit parti or instrument thereof in order to assist it or cisco in obtain or retain busi and ( i ) it will not violat or caus cisco to violat such act in connect with the sale or distribut of cisco product or services; and ( ii ) if distributor is a non-government entiti , it will notifi cisco in write if ani of it owner , partner , princip , offic , and employe are or becom dure the term of thi agreement offici , offic or repres of ani govern , polit parti or candid for polit offic outsid the unit state and are respons for a decis regard obtain or retain busi for cisco product by such govern . cisco strive to maintain the highest standard of busi integr and , accordingli , if distributor ha ani caus for concern regard ani busi practic these should be report to cisco at [ email address ] or by fax to [ fax number ] . 21.4 distributor shall use it best effort to regularli and continu inform cisco of ani requir under ani applic law that directli or indirectli affect thi agreement , the sale , use and distribut of product , or cisco 's trade name , trademark or other commerci , industri or intellectu properti interest , includ , but not limit to , certif or type approv of the product from the proper author in the territori . 22.0 limit of liabil . notwithstand anyth els in thi agreement to the contrari , and except for liabil aris out of distributor 's breach of section 9 ( proprietari right and softwar licens ) or exhibit c ( softwar licens agreement ) , or amount due for product and servic purchas with respect to the payment of which no bona fide disput exist , all liabil of each parti , includ each parti 's affili , offic , director , employe , agent and supplier collect , for claim aris under thi agreement or otherwis howsoev aris shall be limit separ for product and servic purchas to the greater of i ) [ ] or ( ll ) the money paid to cisco for product or for servic , separ and as applic , under thi agreement dure the [ ] period preced the event or circumst first give rise to such liabil . these limit of liabil for product and servic are cumul and not per-incid ( i.e. , the exist of two or more claim will not enlarg thi limit ) . 23.0 consequenti damag waiver . except for liabil aris out of or in connect with distributor 's breach of section 9 ( proprietari right and softwar licens ) or exhibit c ( softwar licens agreement ) , in no event shall either parti , it respect affili , offic , director , employe , agent or supplier be liabl for ani special , incident , sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 indirect or consequenti damag , or lost revenu , lost profit , or lost or damag data , whether aris in contract , tort ( includ neglig ) , or otherwis , even if such parti ha been inform of the possibl thereof . 24.0 gener indemnif each parti shall defend , indemnifi and hold harmless the other , and their respect offic , director , employe , and agent from and against ani and all claim , loss , liabil , damag , and expens ( includ , without limit , reason attorney ' fee ) , includ without limit , those base on contract or tort , aris out of or in connect with a claim , suit or proceed brought by a third parti base upon bodili injuri ( includ death ) or damag to tangibl person properti ( not includ lost or damag data ) aris from the neglig or intent act or omiss of the indemnifi parti or it subcontractor , or the offic , director , employe , agent , successor and assign of ani of them . in the event that the indemnifi parti 's or a third parti 's neglig or intent act or omiss contribut to caus the injuri or damag for which a claim of indemn is be assert against the indemnifi parti hereund , the damag and expens ( includ , without limit , reason attorney ' fee ) shall be alloc or realloc , as the case may be , between the indemnifi parti , the indemnifi parti and ani other parti bear respons in such proport as appropri reflect the rel fault of such parti , or their subcontractor , or the offic , director , employe , agent , successor and assign of ani of them , and the liabil of the indemnifi parti shall be proportion reduc . the forego indemnif oblig are condit upon the indemnifi parti promptli notifi the indemnifi parti in write of the claim , suit or proceed for which the indemnifi parti is oblig under thi section 24 , cooper with , assist and provid inform to , the indemnifi parti as reason requir , and grant the indemnifi parti the exclus right to defend or settl such claim , suit or proceed . 25.0 insur ( a ) each parti shall be respons for maintain worker 's compens insur in the statutori amount requir by the applic state law . ( b ) each parti shall maintain commerci gener liabil insur with bodili injuri and properti damag limit of [ ] per occurr and [ ] aggreg . such insur shall ( a ) provid for contractu liabil coverag , ( b ) provid for cross liabil coverag , and ( c ) name the other parti and it subcontractor , as well as the director , offic , employe , agent , successor and assign of all of them , as addit insur , but onli to the extent of liabil fall within the indemn oblig of the other parti pursuant to the term of section 24 in thi agreement . 26.0 requir for resel 26.1 [ ] 26.2 [ ] 27.0 gener provis . 27.1 choic of law . the valid , interpret , and perform of thi agreement shall be control by and constru under the law of the state of new york , unit state of america , as if perform wholli within the state and without give effect to the principl of conflict of law , and the state and feder court of california shall have jurisdict over ani claim aris under thi agreement . the parti specif disclaim the un convent on contract for the intern sale of good . notwithstand the forego , either parti may seek interim injunct relief in ani court of appropri jurisdict with respect to ani alleg breach of such parti 's intellectu properti or proprietari right . 27.2 forc majeur . except for the oblig to pay moni due and owe , neither parti shall be liabl for ani delay or failur in perform due to event outsid the default parti 's reason control , includ without limit act of god , earthquak , labor disput , industri wide shortag of suppli , action of government entiti , riot , war , act of terror , fire , epidem , or delay of common carrier or other circumst beyond it reason control . the oblig and right of the default parti shall be extend for a period equal to the period dure which such event prevent such parti 's perform . 27.3 no waiver . the waiver by either parti of ani right provid under thi agreement shall sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 not constitut a subsequ or continu waiver of such right or of ani other right under thi agreement . 27.4 assign . distributor may not assign or deleg it right or oblig under thi agreement ( other than ( i ) the right to receiv ani amount due , which shall be freeli assign , or ( ii ) to distributor 's parent or majority-own subsidiari compani of suffici net worth to meet ani potenti liabil under thi agreement ) without the prior written consent of cisco , such consent not to be unreason withheld or delay , provid that ani such assign shall not reliev distributor of ani oblig to pay moni that were owe cisco prior to the date of the assign . 27.5 sever . in the event that one or more term of thi agreement becom or is declar to be illeg or otherwis unenforc by ani court of compet jurisdict , each such term shall be null and void and shall be deem delet from thi agreement . all remain term of thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect . notwithstand the forego , if thi paragraph is invok and , as a result , the valu of thi agreement is materi impair for either parti , as determin by such parti in it sole discret , then the affect parti may termin thi agreement by written notic with immedi effect to the other . 27.6 attorney ' fee . in ani suit or proceed relat to thi agreement the prevail parti will have the right to recov from the other it cost and reason fee and expens of attorney incur in connect with the suit or proceed , includ cost , fee and expens upon appeal , separ from and in addit to ani other amount includ in such judgment . thi provis is intend to be sever from the other provis of thi agreement , and shall surviv expir or termin and shall not be merg into ani such judgment 27.7 no agenc . thi agreement doe not creat ani agenc , partnership , joint ventur , or franchis relationship . no employe of either parti shall be or becom , or shall be deem to be or becom , an employe of the other parti by virtu of the exist or implement of thi agreement . each parti hereto is an independ contractor . neither parti ha the right or author to , and shall not , assum or creat ani oblig of ani natur whatsoev on behalf of the other parti or bind the other parti in ani respect whatsoev . 27.8 notic . all notic requir or permit under thi agreement will be in write and will be deem given one ( 1 ) day after deposit with a commerci express courier specifi next day deliveri ( or two ( 2 ) day for intern courier packag specifi 2-day deliveri ) , with written verif of receipt . all commun will be sent to the address set forth on the cover sheet of thi agreement or such other address as may be design by a parti by give written notic to the other parti pursuant to thi paragraph . notwithstand the forego , notic regard gener chang in product statu , price , polici , financi transact or program may also be made by post on cisco.com or deliveri by e-mail or fax , as applic . cisco shall use commerci reason effort to provid distributor [ ] notic when introduc new program or product or modifi product price . ani notic regard discontinu of product shall be pursuant to cisco 's then-curr end of life polici , as found at http : //www.cisco.com/en/us/products/product end-of-lif policy.html . a current copi of thi polici , as of the effect date of thi agreement , is attach hereto as exhibit g. [ ] . 27.9 non-exclus market and purchas right . it is expressli understood and agre that thi agreement doe not grant to cisco or distributor an exclus right to purchas or sell product and shall not prevent either parti from develop or acquir or sell compet product of other vendor or custom . 27.10 surviv . section 6.0 ( payment ) , 10.0 ( limit warranti ) , 19.0 ( confidenti inform ) , 15.0 ( patent and copyright infring ) , 18 ( term and termin ) , 17.0 ( report and record ) , 20.0 ( export restrict ) , 22.0 ( limit of liabil ) , 23.0 ( consequenti damag waiver ) , 27.0 ( gener ) and the licens to use the softwar set out in exhibit c ( softwar licens agreement ) ( subject to the termin provis set forth in section 18.0 ) shall surviv the termin of thi agreement . 27.11 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in two counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin and togeth which shall constitut one and the same instrument . a validli execut counterpart that is deliv by sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 one parti to the other via electron transmiss ( a `` counterpart imag '' ) shall be valid and bind to the same extent as one deliv physic , provid that the valid signatur is clearli visibl in the counterpart imag . in the event that a parti deliv a counterpart imag in place of an originally-execut counterpart , such parti shall retain the originally-execut counterpart in it file for at least the durat of the term hereof . 27.12 head . head of section have been ad sole for conveni of refer and shall not be deem part of thi agreement . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 exhibit a territori territori : the unit state , exclud it territori . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 exhibit b valu ad distributor support exhibit 1.0 definit . capit term use in thi exhibit b have the mean assign to those term in section 1.0 of the nonexclus valu ad distributor agreement term and condit . addit capit term and the definit assign to those term in thi exhibit b follow : cco mean cisco connect onlin , cisco 's onlin inform web server . custom mean end user and resel . standard busi hour mean 6:00 am to 6:00 pm pacif standard time monday through friday , exclud cisco-observ holiday , in the u.s. and canada and outsid the u.s. and canada , mean 8:00 am to 6:00 pm australia 's eastern standard time and central european time , monday through friday , exclud local cisco-observ holiday . tac mean cisco 's technic assist center . 2.0 cisco right and oblig . for product purchas under the agreement , cisco provid the servic describ below . [ ] 2.1 cco access . cisco will provid distributor with partner-level access to cco . 2.2 technic support . [ ] . 2.3 updat . [ ] . 2.4 hardwar support . 2.4.1 return for replac . dure the cisco warranti period , distributor may return fail product to cisco for replac . cisco will use commerci reason effort to ship a replac within [ ] day after receipt of the fail product from distributor . after the end of the warranti period , part will be charg at cisco 's then-curr rate . 2.4.2 distributor may request advanc replac deliveri of replac part ( cisco will send the part upon distributor 's receipt of an rma number ) at cisco 's then-curr advanc replac charg . 2.4.3 product use for replac may be new or equival to new , at cisco 's discret . 2.5 cisco brand servic option . cisco will make avail for purchas by distributor , all appropri cisco brand support product for distributor 's intern use and for resal to resel . thi option to resel cisco brand servic wherebi servic are deliv directli by cisco to the end user is avail in accord with cisco 's then-curr packag servic resal program . avail of cisco brand servic is subject to geograph limit . inform on where such servic are avail for resal , as well as the process for resel cisco brand servic is locat at '' http : //www.cisco.com/warp/cproreg/45/index.html ” . 3.0 distributor right and oblig . 3.1 priorit and escal guidelin . distributor will escal problem to cisco pursuant to the escal and priorit guidelin ( appendix a ) . 3.2 spare part . distributor shall maintain suffici spare part inventori to support it custom base for a one-month period under normal circumst . distributor shall maintain adequ manpow and facil to assur prompt handl of inquiri , order and shipment for product . 3.3 warranti servic . distributor shall provid to it resel , [ ] all warranti servic for a minimum sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 of the warranti period set forth in the publish product warranti provid with the origin product . such warranti shall commenc upon shipment to the end user . warranti servic will consist of softwar and hardwar replac servic as follow : 3.3.1 softwar servic . distributor will use reason effort to provid work​ around solut or implement a cisco-provid patch . distributor will use reason effort to make latest releas of all cisco softwar avail to it resel . 3.3.2 hardwar advanc replac . distributor will ship replac part and/or product to it resel in accord with cisco 's then- current publish product warranti applic to the particular product . 3.4 return coordin . distributor will compli with the follow : 3.4.1 distributor shall coordin the return of all fail part and/or product , freight and insur prepaid , to the cisco repair center specifi by cisco . 3.4.2 distributor shall compli with the follow rma procedur : 3.4.2.1 distributor will ensur all product are properli packag prior to be ship , and will includ a written descript of the failur and specif of ani chang or alter made to the product . product return to cisco will conform in quantiti and serial number to the rma request . 3.4.2.2 distributor shall tag each product return with the rma transact number and a brief descript of the problem . 3.4.2.3 cisco will not accept ani product return which is not accompani by an rma number . 3.4.3 titl and risk of loss to fail product and part transfer to cisco upon deliveri to the cisco repair center specifi by cisco . 3.5 resel support . distributor will ensur resel ha all appropri support as follow : 3.5.1 distributor shall provid compet technic support staff to support the product so as to ensur that the resel is abl to provid the necessari support to the end user resel . 3.5.2 resel frontlin support . distributor will use best effort to ensur that it resel provid high qualiti front-lin support . 3.5.3 [ ] cisco is not respons for ani claim aris from failur by distributor 's resel to provid thi support . 3.5.4 resal of cisco brand servic . where avail , distributor will offer for purchas by it resel , all appropri cisco brand support product through it normal product avail process . 4.0 servic not cover under thi exhibit . 4.1 new releas or major releas for softwar . 4.2 custom of exist softwar for non-standard applic . 4.3 support or replac of product that is alter , modifi , mishandl , destroy or damag by natur caus or damag dure unauthor use . 4.4 softwar problem result from third parti equip or caus beyond cisco 's control . 4.5 ani hardwar upgrad of product requir to accept updat . 5.0 termin . upon expir or termin of the agreement , ( a ) all right and licens of distributor under thi support exhibit shall termin , ( b ) distributor shall immedi discontinu all represent that distributor sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 provid mainten servic for cisco product , and ( c ) distributor access to cco shall termin . 6.0 softwar licens . distributor acknowledg that it may receiv softwar as a result of servic provid under thi agreement . distributor agre that it is licens to distribut such softwar onli on product cover under the servic and subject to the term and condit of thi agreement and the softwar licens grant with the origin acquisit . except as otherwis specifi in thi exhibit , distributor shall not copi , in whole or in part , softwar or documentation; modifi the softwar , revers compil or revers assembl all or ani portion of the software; or rent , leas , distribut , sell , or creat deriv work of the softwar . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 appendix 1 cisco problem priorit and escal guidelin to ensur that all problem are report in a standard format , cisco ha establish the follow problem prioriti definit . these definit will assist cisco in alloc the appropri resourc to resolv problem . distributor must assign a prioriti to all problem submit to cisco . [ ] sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 exhibit d scansourc freight polici to : all supplier subject : rout instruct in order to mm1m1ze inbound transport cost , and to maxim control over transit time , trace , and expedit , thi rout guid ha been issu . these instruct superced all previou ship instruct and are to be retain for readi refer . for shipment of catalyst telecom and paracon product : contact : melinda hamilton , receiv supervisor phone : ( 800 ) 854-9570 ext . 8187 fax : ( 901 ) 369-7876 email : melinda.hamiltonpartnerservicesinc.com ship to address : scansourc , inc. 4020 quest way , ste . 114 memphi , tn . 38115 receiv hour : 7:00 am - 2:00 pm for shipment of scansourc and scansourc secur product : contact : deborah luca , receiv manag phone : ( 800 ) 854-9570 ext . 8111 fax : ( 901 ) 367-0666 email : deborah.lucaspartnerservicesinc.com ship to address : scansourc , inc. 4100 quest way memphi , tn . 38115 receiv hour 7:00 am - 12:00 pm ( noon ) note : a pack slip/manifest must be includ with each shipment . it should includ : a ) a list of product and quantiti ship b ) purchas order number ( thi must also show on the bill of lade ) c ) date ship d ) name of carrier e ) track or pro number pleas compli with the follow instruct when transport is our respons : 1. all freight charg assign to scansourc must be ship `` freight collect '' . for up shipment ship `` bill recipi '' . pleas consolid all of one day 's shipment on one bill of lade . except will be charg back . cisco may accomplish thi by leverag an order group process and set up intern tool accordingli . og will onli be avail for ltl or tl carrier . in order to support og , scansourc must includ a ltl and tl carrier in their rout config in src tool . if combin shipment do not meet the minimum requir to ship ltl or tl ( i.e . number piec , min weight ) then no group will be done . 2. do not insur shipment or declar valu for carriag . 3. each bill of lade must display the total number of carton in the shipment , i.e . 24 carton on 1 pallet . bill of lade must be fill out complet . pleas accur describ product with the appropri nmfc code . if you do not have the nmfc inform avail , ask the carrier to identifi it for you . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 4. indic our purchas order number and number of box on all contain and ship document . 5. all pallet must be standard 40 '' wide x 48 '' long four way pallet . primari fork entri from the 40 '' end . 6. band must be plastic , no metal . 7. stack height on pallet is 48 '' maximum . all freight bill are audit , and ani premium transport charg incur becaus these instruct have not been follow will be charg to cisco . the charg will be base on the actual premium paid . scansourc agre to provid cisco with advanc notic in the event such a charg becom necessari . cisco will have the opportun to valid ani such charg prior to actual incur same . if pickup servic , via the carrier shown below , is not avail in your area or if you have ani other question concern thi guid , pleas contact the scansourc traffic depart at ( 901 ) 362-0421 , bob balsano . your cooper in follow thi program is appreci . standard surfac transport i. shipment , not individu carton , weigh less than 250 lb . and meet the weight and size restrict , must be ship by unit parcel servic . ii . approv motor carrier for all ltl shipment from the state shown below are list . carrier servic fedex freight east toll free number for pickup ( 800 ) 874-4723 -alabama -arkansa -georgia -illinoi -indiana -kentucki -louisiana -minnesota -mississippi -missouri -new jersey -north carolina -oklahoma -south carolina -tennesse -texa -virginia -west virginia -wisconsin con-way : arizona california colorado oregon washington all remain state yellow freight toll free ( 800 ) 610-6500 premium rout sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 scansourc purchas or traffic depart must author use of premium freight ( air , special truck , truckload ) in advanc . all premium shipment must state the total number of carton in the shipment and the correct dimens of each carton . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 exhibit e affili list the follow entiti are either busi unit of distributor or are wholly-own subsidiari of distributor . for the purpos of thi agreement , and as set forth in section 1 ( `` definit '' ) , all such entiti list below shall be refer to herein as `` affili ( s ) . '' 1. scansourc , inc. 2. scansourc , inc. d/b/a catalyst telecom 3. scansourc , inc. d/b/a paracon 4. scansourc secur distribut , inc. 5. t2 suppli , inc. sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 exhibit f softwar transfer and relicens polici septemb 15 , 2000 thi document set forth cisco 's polici with respect to the transfer of ani cisco softwar ( `` softwar '' ) . a transfer occur when : ( 1 ) the origin or author subsequ license tri to convey or reassign it right to use the softwar to anoth entiti , or ( 2 ) the origin lessor of cisco use hardwar ( includ bundl softwar ) ( `` hardwar '' ) tri to reassign the origin lesse 's right to use the softwar to anoth lesse , or the lessor tri to convey or reassign it right to leas the hardwar and softwar bundl to anoth lessor . a rental would be treat the same as the leas situat as describ in item 2 abov . thi polici appli to all softwar whether standalon or embed . standalon softwar is softwar which is not requir to oper the hardwar upon which it resid ( i.e. , icsg softwar such as call center , unifi messag , network manag softwar ) . embed softwar is softwar which is incorpor into the hardwar and is requir for it oper ( i.e. , oper system softwar , certain featur of io ) . polici : cisco 's polici is that softwar , whether standalon or embed , is not transfer , except where a list except below appli , and except , of cours , where cisco 's contract expressli allow it . ani other transfer will requir the payment of a new licens fee ( see global price list ) . for product where there is no separ line item for the softwar ( i.e . the price for both the hardwar and softwar are bundl ) , and therefor , a fee can not be determin , an except will be made to allow for the transfer without the custom be requir to obtain a new licens ( the custom may be requir to pay an inspect fee ) , if ( a ) softwar to be transfer ( i ) will be under a support contract provid by either cisco or a cisco​‐ author support partner or ( ii ) is still support by cisco; or ( b ) approv from the theatr sale control ha been obtain . use of the softwar will be govern by either the origin licens term and condit in place between cisco and the origin softwar license or by the new licens between cisco and the new user . cisco may withhold it consent to ani transfer not conform to thi polici . licens fee : the licens fee is gener the same amount as the fee charg for a new licens or a portion of the fee of a new licens , unless otherwis note on the global price list . it is the oblig of the transferor to obtain cisco 's consent and/or a new licens befor the transfer occur . except : provid the condit of transfer are met as set forth below , the follow except appli to the prohibit against transfer without written approv and payment of the applic fee . these except may be overridden by express term in an applic licens agreement govern the transfer of special licens softwar ( special licens softwar is the term now use in our templat to refer to icsg product ) affili : an entiti may transfer it right to use a certain piec of softwar to it affili . an affili is anoth entiti where at least 50.1 of it vote power is own or control by the transfer entiti or where as least 50.1 of the transfer entiti 's vote power is own or control by the transfere . merger or acquisit : an entiti may transfer it right to use a certain piec of softwar to the purchas of all or substanti all of the capit stock of the transferor or all or substanti all of the asset of that portion of the transferor 's busi to which those licens pertain . leas : in a leas situat where the origin lessee/custom would like to buy out the equip from the leas compani dure or at the end of the leas term , the origin lessee/custom may retain the licens without pay a new licens fee , provid leas compani give cisco prior written notic . also , if the origin lessee/custom default under the leas and the leas compani take the equip back befor the end of the leas term , the leas compani may transfer the licens to the anoth lesse for the remaind of the origin leas term , without pay cisco a licens fee , upon 30 day ' prior written notic to cisco , or as soon as practic if the equip is re-leas befor such 30- day period . if the new leas term is in sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 excess of the origin leas term , the leas compani is expect to pay cisco a new licens fee on or befor the expir date of the origin leas term . [ note : in the situat where a leas compani leas cisco equip to custom a for a specifi term and at the end of the leas term , the leas compani desir to leas the same equip to custom b , leas compani may not transfer the licens without obtain a new licens from cisco. ) ] . outsourc : custom desir to outsourc the oper , support and mainten of it network to a third parti ( e.g . ed ) ( `` third-parti servic provid '' ) , for the benefit of that custom . as part of the outsourc , custom transfer all of it right , titl and interest to the asset , includ certain cisco product and softwar licens , to the third-parti servic provid . custom may transfer the licens to the third-parti servic provid sole for the purpos of provid servic to custom upon 30 day ' prior written notic to cisco . all notic should be sent to sw-licensecisco.com or as indic in the agreement between cisco and the custom or transferor , if ani . condit of transfer : transfer , in ani event , shall onli be allow under the follow condit : ◦ the parti involv in the transfer are not in breach of the agreement govern the use of the softwar or ani other agreement with cisco; ◦ ani addit servic or charg incur by cisco as the result of ani transfer shall be born by the transferor and transferee; and ◦ the parti involv in the transfer shall provid written prior notic of a permit transfer to cisco and the transfere shall , in a write to cisco , ( i ) assum all of the oblig of the transferor , and ( ii ) agre that transfere 's use of the softwar shall be govern by the term of the then-curr licens agreement between cisco and transferor or , at cisco 's sole discret , by the term of cisco 's then-curr standard licens agreement . question ? ani question or comment regard thi polici should be sent to sw-licensecisco.com . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 exhibit g cisco end of life polici product reach the end of their product life cycl for a number of reason . these reason may be due to market demand , technolog innov and develop drive chang in the product , or the product simpli matur over time and are replac by function richer technolog . while thi is an establish part of the overal product life cycl , cisco system recogn that end-of-lif mileston often prompt compani to review the way in which such end-of-sal and end-of-lif mileston impact the cisco product in their network . with that in mind , we have set out below cisco 's end-of-lif polici to help custom better manag their end-of-lif transit and to understand the role that cisco can play in help to migrat to altern cisco platform and technolog . the end of life polici onli appli to end of life and end of sale announc made in all theater on or after novemb 30 , 2002 for all cisco product line . the polici doe not appli to product that is alreadi subject to an end of life and/or end of sale announc . the gener polici guidelin are : 1. as a gener rule , cisco will provid 6 month ' notic of the affect product 's end-of-sal date and/or the last day when the affect product can be order . thi notic will appear on cisco.com site ( http : //www.cisco.com/en/us/products/prod_end_of_life.html ) and we encourag you to visit thi site regularli as it contain use inform regard cisco 's end-of-lif program . sign up to receiv notif here : http : //www.cisco.com/pcgi-bin/support/fieldnoticetool/field-notic 2. access to cisco 's technic assist center ( tac ) will be avail 24 hour a day , seven day a week for a period of 5 year from the end-of-sal date for hardwar and oper system softwar issu and for a period of 3 year from the end-of-sal date for applic softwar issu . 3. spare or replac part for hardwar will be avail for a period of 5 year from the end-of​ sale date . we will provid spare and replac part in accord with our return materi author ( rma ) process . 4. softwar support will be as follow a. for the first year follow the end-of-sal date , we will provid bug fix , mainten releas , workaround , or patch for critic bug report via the tac or cisco.com web site . b. after the first year and for oper system sw -where available- we will provid bug fix , mainten releas , workaround or patch for a period of 4 year for oper system softwar . bear in mind that it may be necessari to use softwar upgrad releas to correct a report problem . c. after the first year and for applic sw -where avail - we will provid bug fix , mainten releas , workaround or patch for a period of 2 year for applic softwar . bear in mind that it may be necessari to use softwar upgrad releas to correct a report problem . 5. you will need to ensur that you have a current and fulli paid support contract with cisco . pleas contact your support account manag regard fee payabl dure the end-of-lif period so that we can support you right through the end-of-lif transit period . 6. below are guidelin that should be follow to ensur that you receiv effect support for the affect product within your network : a. for hardwar or softwar that is not cover under a servic contract , custom may add the product ( s ) to a current contract or purchas a new contract until 12 month after the end-of-sal date . b. servic contract that have not been renew or have laps after 12 month of end-of​ sale date are not re-new . c. renew of your servic contract will gener be avail until the last year of support , but will not extend sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019 exhibit 10.38 beyond the last date of support . the end-of-lif mileston and cisco commit are present in tabl 1. tabl 1. standard guidelin for end-of-lif mileston mileston - 6 mo day 0 1 year 2 year 3 year 4 year 5 year end-of-sal date end-of-sal notic period oper system softwar mainten support see 4 ( a ) see 4 ( b ) abov add or attach new servic contract renew servic contract - for hw & oper system sw hardwar repair or replac custom servic and support of hw & oper system sw ( tac access & support ) applic softwar mainten support see 4 ( a ) see 4 ( c ) abov renew servic contract - for applic sw here is an explan of some of the term that we have use in thi notic : end of product life cycl : a process that guid the final busi oper associ with the product life cycl . the end-of-lif process consist of a seri of technic and busi mileston and activ that , onc complet , make a product obsolet . onc obsolet , the product is not sold , manufactur , improv , repair , maintain , or support . end-of-sal date : the last date to order the product through cisco point-of-sal mechan . the product is no longer for sale . hardwar : the physic product and it physic compon . oper system softwar : cisco oper system softwar that run on cisco hardwar applic softwar : cisco softwar that requir the presenc of some non-cisco oper system softwar . softwar mainten support : the time period that cisco may releas ani softwar mainten releas or bug fix to the softwar product . after thi date , cisco engin will no longer develop , repair , maintain , or test the product softwar . sourc : scansourc , inc. , 10-k , 8/22/2019