exhibit 6.1 distributor agreement thi distributor agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) is made and effect as of1 august 2019 , by and between , b & c gener warehous corpor llc , a usa limit liabil compani ( llc ) , with an address locat at 7405 sw 11th ct , north lauderdal , fl , 33068 , usa , ( “ compani ” ) , and xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ( “ distributor ” ) . compani import the product from brazil farm origin ( art café - prescaf torrefação e comercio de cafe , a brazil compani , with an address locat at 1 fazenda sao gabriel , guaxupé , cep 37800-000 , mina gerai , brazil ) , and sell the product list in section 1.c below ( the “ product ” ) . distributor desir to purchas the product from compani for resal in the territori or geograph area as defin in section 1.b ( the “ territori ” ) . compani desir to appoint distributor as it exclus distributor of the product to all client that distributor introduc , and upon confirm the first order , thi client come to be exclus of distributor , everi new custom introduc by distributor , must be approv by the compani prior to ani sale . after offici approv from the compani , the custom introduc by distributor , will appear on an offici list in thi contract , and will onli be met by the distributor and will follow the rule of thi agreement . distributor desir such appoint subject to the term and condit set forth in thi agreement , includ ani exhibit or schedul attach hereto . now , therefor , in consider of the forego , and of the mutual benefit contain herein , the parti , intend to be legal bound , agre as follow : agreement of the parti 1. appoint , accept & scope . ( a ) exclus appoint . subject to the term and condit of thi distributor agreement , compani herebi appoint and grant distributor the exclus right to sell and distribut the product to custom that distributor introduc and confirm by compani , ( in all territori of unit state of america ( usa ) and to render other servic as a distributor for compani as set forth herein . distributor shall limit it activ with respect to the product to custom locat within the territori and refrain from sell or otherwis transfer , directli or indirectli , the product to ani person outsid the territori , without the express written consent of compani . compani shall not sell or otherwis suppli , directli or indirectli , the product to ani distributor ’ s custom ’ s , except by sale through the distributor . the compani shall not contact ani of distributor ’ s custom ’ s for ani reason , without the prior written approv of distributor . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( b ) territori . the right grant distributor hereund are grant for the follow geograph area and market . usa . ( c ) product . the product manufactur and sold by compani to distributor for distribut hereund are as follow : ● art café especi ● art café gourmet ● art café laurina ● art café organico ● and all anoth new brand and or kind of coffe . ( d ) subag . distributor may appoint , with prior approv of the compani , sub-ag , sub-distributor , sub-repres or other person to act on distributor ’ s behalf or to otherwis perform ani of distributor ’ s oblig under thi agreement within the territory; provid that ( i ) ani compens to such sub-ag , sub-distributor , sub-repres or other person to act on distributor ’ s behalf or to otherwis perform ani of distributor ’ s oblig shall be sole distributor ’ s respons , and ( ii ) such appoint doe not depriv compani of the essenti right to which it is entitl under thi agreement . ani agreement with such sub-ag , sub-distributor , sub-repres or other person shall not extend beyond the term of thi agreement . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( e ) relationship of parti . distributor is an independ contractor and is not and shall not be deem to be an employe , legal repres , dealer , gener agent , joint ventur or partner of compani for ani purpos . distributor acknowledg that compani ha not grant it ani author to make chang to compani ’ s term and condit of sale , grant ani warranti in excess of those extend by compani or limit it liabil or remedi less than compani limit it liabil and remedi , sign quotat , incur oblig ( express or impli ) , or in gener enter into contract on behalf of compani or bind compani in ani transact with custom , government agenc or third parti . 2. order , price , term of sale & payment . ( a ) commun pursuant to thi distributor agreement and order . order shall be made with compani . compani understand that it time accept of order from distributor hereund is an import element of thi agreement . compani shall have seven ( 7 ) busi day after it receipt to accept ( or reject for a legitim busi reason ) ani order submit by distributor . all the negoti between compani and distributor will be by incoterm ex-work , in origin farm , in brazil . so will must be respect the transit time to destini deliveri . should compani fail to time accept or reject an order from distributor in accord with thi section , such order shall be deem accept and shall becom bind on compani . all order shall be fulfil by compani within seven ( 7 ) busi day of order accept . ( b ) price and shipment . compani agre to sell , and distributor agre to purchas , the product in accord with the price and volum discount price set forth in schedul a. such price and volum discount price shall onli be subject to increas onc per year on each anniversari date of thi agreement , provid ( i ) compani provid distributor with at least nineti ( 90 ) day prior written notic of ani such increas , and ( ii ) such increas doe not exceed 5 of the preced year ’ s price , except for reason of forc majeur , ( chapter 10 ) , and volum discount price nor the lowest price charg to other for the same product . ani such chang shall not appli for ani order ( s ) accept prior to the effect date of the increas . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( c ) compani shall packag the product for shipment in accord with distributor ’ s instruct . all shipment of product for custom in the territori , and ani freight and ship cost relat thereto , will be distributor ’ s respons . all shipment will be prepar and ship from compani ’ s facil . distributor will promptli inspect the product upon receipt at distributor ’ s facil to determin whether ani product includ in the shipment are in short suppli , defect , or otherwis not in conform with thi agreement . within seven ( 7 ) day of receipt of such product , distributor will notifi compani of ani shortag , defect , non-conform , and compani will promptli replac such product free of charg . titl to the product shall pass to distributor upon deliveri . ( d ) term of sale . all sale by compani shall be in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement . ( e ) payment . upon custom ’ s accept of ani order , distributor shall submit to custom via wire transfer at least twenty-f percent ( 25 ) of the total order price . distributor shall submit to custom via wire transfer the remain balanc upon receipt pack list and bill of land document , from origin in brazil farm . ( f ) resal of the product . distributor shall be free to resel the product for such price and upon such term and condit as distributor may see fit in it sole discret . compani shall have no control over or ani liabil in connect with the price at which distributor resel the product , and distributor shall hold compani harmless and indemnifi and defend compani from and against ani liabil result therefrom . 3. represent . the distributor and compani , as applic , make the follow represent , warranti and coven : ( a ) distributor is a compani duli organ , validli exist and in good stand in the unit state of america ( usa ) , is qualifi to do busi and in good stand in each jurisdict locat within the territori and is and will remain in complianc with all applic law and regul in the conduct of it busi and , specif , in it sale of the product and provis of ani servic hereund . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( b ) compani is a corpor , duli organ , validli exist and in good stand in the state of florida , and is and will remain in complianc with all applic law and regul in the conduct of it busi and , specif , in it sale of the product . ( c ) compani warrant and repres that the product will be free from defect in design , materi and workmanship and conform with ani specif provid . ( d ) compani ha all right , power , and author to enter into thi agreement . ( e ) compani ’ s execut of thi distributor agreement , and compani ’ s perform of it oblig and duti hereund , do not and will not violat ani agreement to which compani is a parti or by which it is otherwis bound , and ( f ) neither parti is subject to ani pend or threaten litig or government action that could interfer with it perform of thi agreement . ( g ) thi agreement is the bind legal oblig of each parti and is enforc in accord with it term . 4. respons of distributor . distributor agre that it will dilig perform the servic and oblig detail in thi agreement . the oper of distributor are under it sole and exclus control , includ without limit supervis of , and liabil for expens incur with respect to , employe . the distributor will use best reason effort to distribut the product in the territori . 5. respons of compani . in addit to ani other respons state in thi agreement , compani will : ( a ) provid , at distributor ’ s reason request and without charg , up to 10 hour of train with regard to ani characterist of the product that distributor deem reason necessari for distributor and it employe and agent to fulfil the purpos of distributor ’ s appoint , sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( b ) provid to distributor , without charg , reason quantiti of promot literatur , brochur and commerci and technic inform regard the products; ( c ) provid sale support and technic train to distributor and it personnel as deem reason appropri by compani . 6. confidenti & proprietari inform . ( a ) as use herein , the term “ proprietari inform ” mean ani inform , technic data , or know-how ( includ , but not limit to , inform relat to product , softwar , servic , develop , invent , process , techniqu , custom , price , intern procedur , busi and market plan or strategi , financ , employe and busi opportun ) disclos by one parti ( the “ disclos parti ” ) to the other ( the “ recipi parti ” ) either directli or indirectli in ani form whatsoev , includ , but not limit to , in write , in machin readabl or other tangibl form , oral or visual . ( b ) unless otherwis expressli author by the disclos parti , the recipi parti agre that it and ani of it personnel receiv proprietari inform under thi agreement shall treat such proprietari inform in strict confid with the same degre of care appli to it own proprietari inform of like import , which it doe not wish to disclos , publish , or dissemin to third parti . ( c ) in no event will the recipi parti divulg , in whole or in part , such inform to ani third parti without the prior written consent of the disclos party; provid , further , that ani third parti must also agre in write to restrict compar to those provid in thi section 6. the recipi parti may disclos the proprietari inform to the extent requir by a valid order by a court or other government bodi or by applic law; provid , howev , that the recipi parti will use all reason effort to notifi disclos parti of the oblig to make such disclosur in advanc of the disclosur so that disclos parti will have a reason opportun to object to such disclosur . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( d ) notwithstand ani other provis of thi agreement , each parti acknowledg that proprietari inform shall not includ ani inform that : ( i ) is alreadi known to the recipi parti at the time of disclosur , or becom publicli known through no wrong act of the recipi parti ’ s part; ( ii ) is right receiv by the recipi parti from a third parti without breach of thi agreement; ( iii ) is independ develop by the recipi parti without benefit of inform receiv under thi agreement; ( iv ) is furnish to a third parti by the disclos parti without a restrict on the third parti ’ s right to disclos it; or ( v ) is explicitli approv for releas by written author by the disclos parti . ( e ) it is understood that all proprietari inform disclos under thi agreement , is , and shall remain , the properti of the disclos parti . upon complet of thi agreement , or upon written notic from the disclos parti , the recipi parti agre to return all proprietari inform in it possess . ( f ) the recipi parti acknowledg that the disclos parti , becaus of the uniqu natur of the proprietari inform , would suffer irrepar harm in the event that the recipi parti breach it oblig under thi agreement and that monetari damag would be inadequ to compens the disclos parti for such a breach . the parti agre that , in such a circumst , the disclos parti shall be entitl , in addit to such monetari relief as may be applic , to injunct relief as may be necessari to restrain ani continu or further breach by the recipi parti , without show or prove ani actual damag sustain by the disclos parti . ( g ) the oblig of the recipi parti under thi section 6 shall surviv termin or nonrenew of thi agreement for a period of thee ( 3 ) year . for the avoid of doubt , the custom and sub-distributor list of distributor shall be deem to constitut proprietari inform under thi agreement . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 7. durat & termin . ( a ) effect date and durat . thi agreement shall becom effect on the date first written abov and shall continu in effect for a period of three ( 3 ) year . ( b ) distributor option to renew . distributor shall have the option to renew thi agreement for an addit three ( 3 ) year period by provid prior written notic to compani within nineti ( 90 ) day of the end of the initi period of thi agreement . ( c ) termin . either parti may termin thi agreement prior to it expir upon the occurr of either of the follow : ( i ) the other parti becom insolv , or institut ( or there is institut against it ) proceed in bankruptci , insolv , reorgan or dissolut , make an assign for the benefit of creditor or becom nation or ha ani of it materi asset confisc or expropriated; or ( ii ) the other parti ( in thi case , the “ breach parti ” ) fail to perform ani of it oblig hereund and fail to correct such failur within nineti ( 90 ) calendar day after receiv written demand therefor from the non-breach parti , specifi the failur in suffici detail for the breach parti to correct such failure; provid , howev , that upon a second breach of the same oblig by such parti , the other parti may forthwith termin thi agreement upon notic to the breach parti . 8. right of parti at termin . ( a ) oblig after termin . in the event that thi agreement is termin or expir on it own term , compani shall have no further respons to distributor except that in the event the agreement termin for ani reason other than a breach hereof by distributor , compani shall be oblig to process order accept by compani prior to the effect date of such termin or expir or within nineti ( 90 ) day thereaft . ( b ) surviv . notwithstand anyth to the contrari set forth herein , no termin of thi agreement shall reliev ani parti from ani oblig hereund which are outstand on , or relat to matter or claim occur or aris prior to , the date of such termin or which surviv such termin by their own term or natur . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 9. indemnif & limit of liabil . ( a ) indemnif . each parti ( “ indemnifi parti ” ) shall indemnifi , hold harmless and defend the other parti ( “ indemnifi parti ” ) and it offic , director , agent , employe , and affili , from and against ani and all claim , demand , action , cost , expens , liabil , judgment , caus of action , proceed , suit , loss and damag of ani natur , which are threaten or brought against , or are suffer or incur by , the indemnifi parti or ani such person to the extent caus directli by act or omiss of the indemnifi parti relat to thi agreement , includ without limit ( i ) ani neglig or tortiou conduct , ( ii ) ani breach of ani of the represent , warranti , coven or condit of the indemnifi parti contain in thi agreement , ( iii ) ani violat of applic law or regul , ( iv ) infring or violat of ani patent , copyright , trade secret , or other proprietari interest of ani third parti , and ( v ) ani breach of ani express or impli warranti relat to the product , includ impli warranti of merchant and fit for a particular purpos . ( b ) limit of liability.in no event shall either parti be liabl to the other for ani special , indirect , exemplari or consequenti damag aris out of thi agreement or purchas or use of the product . 10. forc majeur . neither parti shall be held liabl for ani failur to perform that is due to ani caus or circumst beyond the reason control of such parti , includ without limit a demand for such product and other product manufactur by compani which exce compani ’ s abil to suppli them , earthquak , fire , accid , flood , storm , other act of god , riot , war , rebellion , strike , lockout or other labor disturb , nation or intern emerg , failur to secur materi or equip from usual sourc of suppli , failur of carrier to furnish transport , govern rule , regul , act , order , world financi crisi , restrict or requir or ani other caus or circumst beyond the reason control of such parti . no such inabl to deliv or delay in deliveri shall invalid the remaind of thi agreement . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 11. trademark . distributor shall not disput or contest for ani reason whatsoev , directli or indirectli , dure the term of thi agreement and thereaft , the valid , ownership or enforc of ani of the trademark of compani , nor directli or indirectli attempt to acquir or damag the valu of the goodwil associ with ani of the trademark of compani , nor counsel , procur or assist ani third parti to do ani of the forego . distributor will not institut ani proceed with respect to the trademark of compani either in distributor ’ s own name or on behalf of compani without express written permiss of compani . distributor shall assign to compani , without charg , ani right in the trademark of compani that may inur to the benefit of distributor pursuant to thi agreement or otherwis . distributor shall execut ani document or do ani act that may be requir to accomplish the intent of thi section . 12. gener provis . ( a ) amend . thi agreement may be amend onli by a write sign by each of the parti , and ani such amend shall be effect onli to the extent specif set forth in such write . ( b ) govern law . thi agreement is a contract under the law of the state of florida and for all purpos shall be govern by and constru in accord with the substant law of the state of florida , without regard to it principl of conflict of law provis . ( c ) disput . the parti shall seek to resolv ani disput , controversi or claim aris out of or in connect with thi agreement , includ without limit , ani disput regard the enforc of ani provis , through good faith negoti between them within thirti ( 30 ) day of ani notic of disput be serv or such longer period of time as may be mutual agre between the parti . if the parti are unabl to resolv the disput within thi timefram , and one or both parti one or both parti desir to pursu the disput , the complain parti must submit the disput to bind arbitr in accord with the rule and regul of the american arbitr associ . the parti will share equal the cost of arbitr such disput . the arbitr ( s ) shall not be empow to award punit or other damag in excess of compensatori damag , and both parti irrevoc waiv the right to ani such damag . judgment on the award render by the arbitr ( s ) may be enter by ani court have jurisdict over the disput . in the event that the parti can not agre upon an arbitr within a thirti ( 30 ) day period , each parti shall design an arbitr and those two arbitr shall choos a third arbitr , with that third arbitr serv as the sole arbitr of the disput . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( d ) assign . neither parti shall assign , pledg or otherwis transfer ani of it right , interest or oblig hereund , whether by oper of law or otherwis , without the prior express written consent of the other parti . ( e ) counterparts; email execut . thi agreement may be execut in ani number of counterpart , and by each of the parti on separ counterpart , each of which , when so execut , shall be deem an origin , but all of which shall constitut but one and the same instrument . deliveri of an execut counterpart of thi agreement by email shall be equal as effect as deliveri of a manual execut counterpart of thi agreement . ani parti deliv an execut counterpart of thi agreement by email shall also deliv a manual execut counterpart of thi agreement , but the failur to deliv a manual execut counterpart shall not affect the valid , enforc or bind effect of thi agreement . ( f ) cumul remedi . the right and remedi of the parti hereund are cumul and not exclus of ani right or remedi which the parti would otherwis have . no singl or partial exercis of ani such right or remedi by a parti , and no discontinu of step to enforc ani such right or remedi , shall preclud ani further exercis thereof or of ani other right or remedi of such parti . ( g ) entir agreement . thi agreement contain the entir agreement of the parti with respect to the transact contempl herebi and supersed all prior written and oral agreement , and all contemporan oral agreement , relat to such transact . ( h ) exhibit and schedules.th exhibit or schedul attach hereto are an integr part hereof and all refer herein to thi agreement shall includ such exhibit and schedul . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 ( i ) notic . unless otherwis specif provid herein , all notic , consent , request , demand and other commun requir or permit hereund : ( i ) shall be in writing; ( ii ) ) shall be sent by email , certifi or regist u.s. mail , or reliabl express deliveri servic ( with a copi sent by one of the forego mean ) , charg prepaid as applic , to the appropri address ( es ) or number ( s ) set forth below; and ( iii ) shall be deem to have been given on the date of receipt by the addresse , as evidenc by ( a ) a receipt execut by the addresse ( or a respons person in hi or her offic ) , the record of the person deliv such commun or a notic to the effect that such addresse refus to claim or accept such commun , if sent by messeng , u.s. mail or express deliveri servic , or ( b ) a receipt gener by the sender ’ s email show that such commun wa sent to the appropri number on a specifi date , if sent by email . all such commun shall be sent to the address for each parti as first set forth abov , or to such other address or number as ani parti may inform the other by give seven ( 7 ) day prior notic . ( j ) sever . ani provis of thi agreement which is prohibit or unenforc in ani jurisdict shall , as to such jurisdict , be ineffect to the extent of such prohibit or unenforc without invalid the remain portion hereof or affect the valid or enforc of such provis in ani other jurisdict . ( k ) successor and assign . thi agreement shall be bind upon and shall inur to the benefit of each of the parti and their respect successor and permit assign . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 in wit whereof , thi agreement wa sign by the parti under the hand of their duli authoris offic and made effect as of the date first written abov . luiz augusto matavelli bacetti b & c gener warehous corpor llc date : 04th , august , 2019. xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx date : sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019 schedul a price and discount volum price subject to compani ’ s right to increas the price onli onc per year per the term and restrict contain in the agreement , and compani ’ s right to decreas the price at ani time upon notic , the product shall be sold by compani to distributor at the follow price and volum discount price . price are in us dollar . ● 9 ( us ) per kilogram ex-work incoterm . ( brazil farm ) . distributor will be appropri credit should distributor make payment relat to an order and later determin that it had achiev a greater discount per the abov . sourc : gentech hold , inc. , 1-a , 8/8/2019