exhibit 10.1 endors agreement thi endors agreement ( “ agreement ” ) made octob 30 , 2017 , between nation footbal leagu alumni - northern california chapter ( “ nfla-nc ” ) , a charit corpor organ under the law of california , have it princip offic at 1311 madison avenu , redwood ca 94061; nation footbal leagu alumni , inc. ( “ nfla ” ) , a charit corpor organ under the law of florida , have it princip offic at 8000 midlant drive , 130 s. , mount laurel , nj . 08054 and food for athlet , inc. a corpor organ under the law of california / gridiron bionutrients™ , a corpor organ under the law of nevada have their princip offic ( s ) at 1119 west 1st ave. , ste g , spokan , wa 99201 ( collect the “ compani ” ) . recit a. wherea , nfla is a nationwid group of former nation footbal leagu player , coach , and other employe whose mission is to serv , assist and inform player and their famili . the associ offer a varieti of medic , financi and social program to help member lead healthi , product and connect live . b. wherea , nfla-nc is a local chapter of the nfla and support the organ “ care for kid ” initi through fundrais for youth-rel chariti . c. the compani desir to obtain the right to use the pro footbal legend logo of the nfla in connect with the advertis and promot of certain of it product . an imag of the pro footbal legend logo is depict in exhibit a. d. the nfla agre to licens such right to the compani . in consider of the matter describ abov , and of the mutual benefit and oblig set forth in thi agreement , the parti agre as follow : section one . definit as use in thi agreement , the follow term shall be defin as follow : a . “ contract period ” shall mean that period of time of three ( 3 ) year commenc on novemb 1st , 2017 and conclud novemb 2nd , 2020 , unless termin sooner or extend as provid in thi agreement . b . “ contract territori ” shall mean worldwid . c. “ contract year ” shall mean each of the consecut 12-month period begin on the effect date of the agreement of the contract period . sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 d. “ gross sale ” shall mean total revenu , under gener accept account principl , from sale of the licens product , but doe not includ ani revenu from sale , use or other transact tax , duti , handl , graphic , embroideri or ship . e. “ net sale ” shall mean gross sale less product return , trade discount , sampl , allow , valu ad servic , markdown , custom charg back and liquid sale ( substanti discount and out of ordinari distribut channel ) of licens product . f. “ licens product ” shall mean blackmp live water , blackmp concentr , zezel probiot water , zayin sport water , gridiron mvp™ and gridiron mvp™ concentr use the pro footbal legend logo on the licens product ’ affix label , hang-tag or packag . other product of the compani may be ad to the list of licens product dure the contract period by written amend to thi agreement . all amend to thi agreement must be sign by all parti to thi agreement . g. “ product ” shall mean good manufactur , distribut or otherwis sold by the compani . h. “ licens mark ” shall mean in connect with the right and benefit grant to compani hereund as set forth in gener term . compani may util onli the logo and other trademark list on exhibit a ( the “ licens mark ” ) dure the term and within the territori sole in connect with advertis and promot materi that identifi compani as a sponsor of the pro footbal legend , provid that nfla first approv all such use in write . ani use of the licens mark will bear the trademark and/or copyright notic requir by nfla to facilit it trademark protect program and will be a “ work made for hire ” for nfla . all of compani ’ s use of the licens mark shall inur to the benefit of the nfla . after the expir or termin of thi agreement , compani will refrain from further use of the licens mark use pursuant to thi agreement . compani will not sublicens pass-through or otherwis grant to ani third parti the right grant to compani hereund without the nfla prior written consent , includ but not limit to the right to use the licens mark . compani acknowledg that thi agreement doe not grant compani ani right with respect to ani other nfla mark ( defin below ) , the name , like , signatur , or other attribut of ani nfla member or other individu , or ani audio or video of ani nfla event . compani agre that the qualiti of all servic offer by compani under the licens mark will conform to licensor ’ s written qualiti control standard and that compani will annual provid to nfla sampl of ani advertis and market materi that use the licens mark . i . “ trademark protect ” for the purpos of thi agreement , “ nfla mark ” mean the name , symbol , emblem , design , and color of the nfla , includ but not limit to the licens mark . compani acknowledg and agre that all right , titl and interest in and to the nfla mark belong to the nfla . compani agre that nfla mark possess a special , uniqu and extraordinari charact that make difficult assess of the monetari damag that would be sustain by their unauthor use . compani recogn that irrepar injuri would be caus by unauthor use of ani of the nfla mark , and agre that injunct and other equit relief would be appropri in the event of such unauthor use , and that such remedi would not be exclus of other legal remedi avail to nfla . compani recogn that great valu and goodwil associ with nfla mark belong to the nfla and that the nfla mark have secondari mean . sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 j . “ nfla identif ” mean the right to use , subject to the provis of thi agreement , the nfla name , and pro footbal legend logo and ani other mean of endors by the nfla use in connect with the advertis and promot of the compani and the licens product . k. “ one ( 1 ) unit ” shall repres 0.05 ( 1 unit = 0.05usd ) for purpos of defin the monetari donat alloc of the compani ’ s sold product to the nfla-nc , specif to the term of thi agreement . a licens product in no circumst shall be valu at less than one ( 1 ) full unit and under no circumst shall a unit be fraction ( if requir round up to the nearest whole number ) . section two . grant of right in consider of the remuner to be paid to the nfla-nc pursuant to thi agreement , the nfla grant to compani and to it author distributor and sublicens the right and licens dure the contract period to use the nfla identif sole in connect with the advertis , market and promot of the product within the contract territori as set forth in thi agreement . nfla agre not to grant the right to use the nfla identif to anyon other than compani in connect with the advertis and promot of product . it is understood that compani , it author distributor and sublicens may not use the name of the nfla in connect with ani item for sale or resal , other than the product as specifi in thi agreement . the forego right to use the name of the nfla is limit to televis , radio and print advertis , advertis publish over the internet ( provid that such materi is limit to advertis or product promot onli ) , public relat and market materi , point-of-sal display , free stand insert , video shown to custom and consum , catalog for custom and consum , direct mail ( includ e-mail ) and billboard . compani shall ensur that all use of the name of the nfla compli with applic law . section three . prior approv compani agre that no use of the name of the nfla identif nor ani item use in connect with the name of nfla identif ( includ ani licens product ) will be made under thi agreement unless and until the same is approv by the nfla . the nfla agre that ani materi , advertis or otherwis , submit for approv as provid in thi section may be deem by compani to have been approv under thi section if the same is not disapprov in write within ten ( 10 ) busi day after receipt of the materi . the nfla agre that it will reason cooper with compani and that ani materi submit under thi section will not be unreason disapprov and , if it is disapprov , that compani will be advis of the specif ground for disapprov . if compani desir immedi approv of advertis materi , compani shall have the right to directli contact the nfla ’ s author agent to obtain such approv . compani agre to protect , indemnifi and hold harmless the nfla and their author agent , or ani of them , from and against ani and all expens , damag , claim , suit , action , judgment and cost whatsoev , aris out of , or in ani way connect with ani advertis materi furnish by , or on behalf of compani , except with respect to ani inaccur inform furnish by them expressli for use in such advertis . sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 section four . remuner in consider of the endors right grant under thi agreement , compani shall provid the follow remuner : a. an initi one-tim licens fee of 35,000.00usd ( thirty-f thousand dollar ) payabl to the nfla-nc; b. a one-tim 10,000usd ( ten thousand dollar ) promot fee payabl to nfla . the 10,000 promot fee shall be payabl in four ( 4 ) quarterli payment begin in 2018 : q1 ( 2500 ) ; q2 ( 2500 ) ; q3 ( 2500 ) ; q4 ( 2500 ) . each payment shall be deliv by no later than the 10th day of the first month of each quarter . c. a donat of 0.05 per unit sold of licens product within the contract territori payabl to the nfl alumni northern california chapter . donat amount will be alloc and dispers to the northern california chapter begin on the first full quarter [ three ( 3 ) month period ] of the agreement and continu on a quarterli basi thereaft for the term of thi agreement . where the follow per unit convers shall appli for the term of thi agreement : a . ( 1 ) bottl of blackmp live water = 1 unit b . ( 1 ) 4oz bottl of blackmp concentr = 30 unit c. ( 1 ) bottl of zezel probiot water = 1 unit d. ( 1 ) bottl of zayin sport water = 1 unit e. ( 1 ) bottl gridiron mvp™ water= 1 unit f. ( 1 ) 4oz bottl of gridiron mvp™ concentr = 30 unit _____________ the nfla-nc will donat 15 of the abov describ proce to the nfla . the compani will provid to the nfla-nc upon request the most recent quarterli sale report of the compani ’ s licens product . d. product commit . up to two-thousand ( 2,000 ) 4oz bottl of blackmp live water concentr to be use as a “ valu appeal ” for annual membership renew ( up to a 220,000 valu ) alloc to the nfla and provid a combination/assort of bottl water to nfla-nc for display and use though out the term of the agreement at the nfla-nc facil . the compani agre to pay for all ship cost of the product under the product commit to the fulfil center , current sharp market , locat in fort lauderdal , fl and to ani subsequ fulfil center that is contract by the nfla to provid distribut to exist and new nfla member . e. affili partnership commit . compani agre to facilit and provid in good-faith their affili partnership discount program benefit and access to applic health and well research , inform and protocol to nfla member ( current partnership benefit includ provid nfla member with a 15 discount on all kraski ’ s nutrit real product for real peopl ) ; and f. market commit . compani agre that it will continu in good-faith to produc and market licens product in the same manner that it is current produc and market such item as of septemb 2017 , unless compani and the nfla/nfla-nc believ it is not commerci reason to continu to produc and market the licens product . sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 section five . servic of compani a. resourc call center . for the term of thi agreement compani shall provid a call in center wherebi nfla member can call for inform , ask question , and consult with compani ’ s staff on detail and specif of the compani ’ s product and replenish program . section six . servic of nfla-nc a. if compani desir to use the servic of the nfla-nc and/or ani of it offic and member as a model in connect with compani advertis to promot it product or as a part of a special promot appear for the compani , the nfla-nc agre , at the request of compani , to provid a good faith effort servic of the offic or member of the nfla for a reason amount of time as mutual agre upon by all parti and at place reason conveni to each parti schedul . each day shall not exceed a reason number of hour unless otherwis mutual agre upon . the compani agre that it will reimburs the nfla-nc and if applic the nfla or it officers/memb for all reason travel , lodg and meal expens incur by the nfla / nfla-nc or it officers/memb in connect with such servic . the compani understand that failur to use servic of a member of the nfla / nfla-nc pursuant to thi section shall not result in ani reduct in payment to nfla-nc under thi agreement . the oblig of the nfla / nfla-nc to provid servic of it officers/memb under thi agreement are subject to the condit that payment to nfla-nc are current and up to date . b. should compani use ani member of the nfla-nc in televis advertis to promot compani ’ s product , compani will make all applic requir union scale and pension and welfar payment . c. dure the contract period , nfla-nc shall make a good faith effort to assur that it member shall wear compani product at all profession and promot event and at all media appear where appropri , and when not in conflict with it member exist agreement . it is agre that the logo or name of compani ( the “ compani logo ” ) shall be affix to an appropri locat ( i.e . shoulder-sleev and/or back ] of all compani product that member of the nfla-nc wear . compani agre that it will be respons for , and the cost of , affix the compani logo on all such compani product . compani acknowledg that other locat on the nfla-nc product are reserv for nfla-nc ’ s other sponsor . furthermor , compani understand that if the nfla-nc or it officers/memb particip in a special team event where there is an offici uniform , then repres of the nfla-nc are permit to wear such uniform dure such event . d. the nfla shall list the compani as a sponsor on all of it promot materi , websit or other electron media . the nfla shall allow the compani to particip in local and nation nfla function ( i.e . super bowl parti , award ceremoni , banquet , etc… ) at the compani ’ s own expens . e. the nfla shall promot compani and compani ’ s product to nfla databas and audienc by deliver list in exhibit b. sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 section seven . payment all payment shall be made by wire transfer drawn to the account of nfla-nc no later than ten ( 10 ) busi day after the end of each quarter as follow : 0.05 per unit as describ herein of compani ’ s product sold in the contract territori payabl to nfla-nc . donat amount will be alloc and dispers to the nfla-nc begin on the first full quarter ( three month period ) of the agreement and continu on a quarterli basi thereaft for the term of thi agreement . past due payment under thi agreement shall bear interest at the rate of : ( a ) 1 per month; or ( b ) the maximum interest rate permiss under law , whichev is less . all amount in thi section are in unit state dollar . section eight . author agent each parti shall design it author agent for all purpos under thi agreement . all notic or submiss to be made or deliv by the compani , the nfla or the nfla-nc pursuant to thi agreement shall be deliv to the agent ’ s address below , free of all charg ( for exampl , ship charg and custom charg ) . if ani such ship charg are paid by anoth parti or by it author agent , the correspond parti agre to make prompt reimburs . all notic or submiss to be made or deliv to compani pursuant to thi agreement shall be deliv to : the compani food for athletes/gridiron bionutrients™ attent : darren long 1147 n roseburg ct ste a , visalia ca , 93291 nfla-nc nation footbal leagu alumni - northern california chapter attent : russel isaacson - comptrol 1311 madison avenu redwood ca 94061 nfla nation footbal leagu alumni , inc. attent : elvi gooden 8000 midlant drive , 130 s. mount laurel , nj . 08054 sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 section nine . default a. if either parti at ani time dure the contract period shall : ( i ) fail to make ani payment of ani sum of money specifi in thi agreement to be made; or ( ii ) fail to observ or perform ani of the coven , agreement or oblig under thi agreement ( other than the payment of money ) , the non-default parti may termin thi agreement as follow : as to a default under claus ( i ) abov , if such payment is not made within 10 busi day after the default parti shall have receiv written notic of such failur to make payment; or , as to a default under claus ( ii ) abov , if such other default is not cure within 30 day after the default parti shall have receiv written notic specifi in reason detail the natur of such default . in order to be a suffici notic under thi section , ani such written notic shall specifi in detail each item of default and shall specifi the provis of thi agreement which appli to each item of default , and shall specifi in detail the action the default parti is requir to take in order to cure each item of default . the termin right set forth in thi section shall not constitut the exclus remedi of the non-default parti under thi agreement , howev , and if default is made by either parti under thi agreement , the other parti may resort to such other remedi as such parti would have been entitl to if thi section had been omit from thi agreement , subject to the term of thi agreement . termin under the provis of thi section shall be without prejudic to ani right or claim which the termin parti may otherwis have against the default parti , and if compani is the default parti , compani shall be respons for ani and all payment due under the term of thi agreement in addit to other liabil set forth abov . b. if compani shall becom bankrupt or insolv , or if compani ’ s busi shall be place in the hand of a receiv , assigne or truste , whether by voluntari act of compani or otherwis , the contract period , at the elect of nfla , shall immedi termin . section ten . use of the nfla/nfla-nc ’ s identif after termin a. except as provid in paragraph b of thi section ten , from and after the termin of the contract period , all of the right of compani to the use of the name of the nfla shall ceas absolut and compani subsequ shall not use or refer to the nfla in advertis or promot in ani manner whatsoev . except as provid in paragraph b below , it is further agre that follow termin of the contract period , compani shall not advertis , promot , distribut or sell ani item whatsoev in connect with the use of ani name , figur , design , logo , trademark or trade name similar to or suggest of the nfla . 1. compani may liquid and sell it inventori of licens product ( includ ani inventori then in product ) for a period of nineti ( 90 ) day after the termin date of the contract period , subject to the compani ’ s continu oblig to pay the fee as provid abov , and will deliv the sale report with respect to such liquid sale within 30 day follow the end of the first reach full quarter follow termin . 2. if compani ha not dispos of all licens product as provid in subparagraph 1 abov by the end of the 90 day period , compani , at it option , may either : ( a ) remov or obliter entir from such licens product ( and ani label , tag , rider and the like ) all refer to ani nfla identif , and then sell the same; or ( b ) destroy all such remain licens product . sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 section eleven . trademark compani agre that it will not file , dure the contract period or afterward , ani applic for trademark registr or otherwis obtain or attempt to obtain ownership of ani trademark or trade name within the contract territori or in ani other countri of the world which consist of the nfla identif or ani mark , design or logo intend to obtain ani right to the name of the nfla or to identifi product as be endors b the nfla . section twelv . reserv of right all right not specif grant in thi agreement to compani shall remain the properti of the nfla to be use in ani manner the nfla deem appropri . compani understand that the nfla ha reserv the right to author other to use the name of the nfla within the contract territori and dure the contract period in connect with all tangibl and intang item and servic other than product themselv . nfla is not awar of ani such right that would conflict with the natur or imag of compani product . section thirteen . indemn compani agre to protect , indemnifi and hold harmless the nfla / nfla-nc and their author agent , or ani of them , from and against ani and all expens , damag , claim , suit , action , judgment and cost whatsoev , includ reason attorney ’ s fee , aris out of , or in ani way connect with , action or omiss of compani , ani advertis materi furnish by , or an behalf of , compani , or ani claim or action for person injuri , death or other caus of action involv alleg defect in compani ’ s product or servic . compani agre to provid and maintain , at it own expens , gener commerci and product liabil insur . section fourteen . special right of termin compani shall have the right to termin thi agreement , upon written notic to the nfla / nfla-nc , if the commerci valu of the nfla ’ s endors is substanti reduc becaus an offic of the nfla / nfla-nc : ( i ) ha been charg with illeg or immor conduct which could result in a feloni convict and such charg have not been dismiss or termin within 90 day . ani termin pursuant to thi section shall becom effect on the busi day next follow the date of receipt by nfla of compani ’ s written notic to so termin . section fifteen . contract extens due to long product develop lead time , compani and nfla-nc agre to begin discuss for the renew of thi agreement by no later than june 1st , 2020. all term of thi agreement will automat commenc on novemb 1st , 2017 , and expir on novemb 2nd , 2020. sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 section sixteen . limit liabil notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , if compani incur ani expens , damag or other liabil ( includ but not limit to reason attorney ’ s fee ) in connect with the perform or nonperform of ani term or provis of thi agreement , nfla ’ s liabil to compani shall not exceed the remuner , exclud reimburs of expens , actual paid to nfla by compani . in no event will nfla be liabl for ani indirect , incident , relianc , special or consequenti damag aris out of the perform or nonperform of thi agreement , whether or not nfla had been advis of the possibl of such damag . section seventeen . waiver the failur of either parti at ani time or time to demand strict perform by the other parti of ani of the term , coven or condit set forth in thi agreement shall not be constru as a continu waiver or relinquish of the same and each parti may at ani time demand strict and complet perform by the other parti of such term , coven and condit . ani waiver of such right must be set forth in write . section eighteen . sever if ani provis of thi agreement shall be declar illeg , invalid , void or unenforc by ani judici or administr author , the valid of ani other provis and of the entir agreement shall not be affect by such declar . section nineteen . assign thi agreement shall bind and inur to the benefit of compani and nfla and their respect successor and assign . section twenti . govern law; arbitr thi agreement shall be govern by , and it provis enforc in accord with , the law of california without regard to it principl of conflict of law . if a disput aris under thi agreement which can not be resolv , such disput shall be submit to arbitr and resolv by a singl arbitr ( who shall be a lawyer not employ by or associ with either parti to thi agreement ) in accord with the commerci arbitr rule of the american arbitr associ then in effect . all such arbitr shall take place at the offic of the american arbitr associ locat within 225 mile of hayward , california . each parti is entitl to depos one fact wit and all expert wit retain by the other parti , and to conduct such other discoveri as the arbitr deem appropri . the award or decis render by the arbitr shall be final , bind and conclus and judgment may be enter upon such award by ani court . section twenty-on . head section head contain in thi agreement are sole for the purpos of aid in speedi locat of subject matter and are not in ani sens to be given weight in the construct of thi agreement . accordingli , in case of ani question with respect to the construct of thi agreement , it is to be constru as though such section head had been omit . sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 section twenty-two . no joint ventur thi agreement doe not constitut and shall not be constru as constitut an associ , partnership , joint ventur or relationship of princip and agent , or employ and employe , between nfla and compani . neither parti shall have ani right to oblig or bind the other parti in ani manner whatsoev except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , noth contain in thi agreement shall give , or is intend to give , ani right of ani kind to ani person . section twenty-thre . entir agreement thi write constitut the entir agreement between the parti to thi agreement and may not be chang or modifi except by a write sign by the parti or parti to be charg by such chang or modif . the parti have execut thi agreement on octob 30 , 2017. food for athlet , inc. / gridiron bionutrients™ by : /s/ darren long darren long - ceo the nation footbal leagu alumni , inc. by : /s/ elvi gooden elvi gooden - presid nfl alumni - northern california chapter by : /s/ eric price eric price - presid sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 exhibit a pro footbal legend logo sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017 exhibit b nfla agre to promot compani and compani ’ s product to nfla databas by : 1. e-blast : nfla to send a minimum of two ( 2 ) dedic e-blast per year to nfla databas . all e-blast commun must be approv in write by company; 2. newslett : nfla to featur compani in weekli newslett “ partner spotlight ” a minimum of four ( 4 ) time per year . all newslett commun must be approv in write by company; and 3. social media : nfla to featur compani on all social media channel a minimum of four ( 4 ) time per year . all newslett commun must be approv in write by compani . sourc : gridiron bionutri , inc. , 8-k , 12/6/2017