exhibit 10.1 endors agreement thi endors agreement ( “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into effect march 15 , 2019 ( the “ effect date ” ) by and among , on the one hand , abg-shaq , llc , a delawar limit liabil compani ( “ abg ” ) for the person servic of shaquil o ’ neal , ( “ celebr ” ) , and , on the other hand , papa john ’ s market fund , inc. , a kentucki corpor ( “ pjmf ” ) , and papa john ’ s intern , inc. ( “ pji ” ) ( pjmf and pji are , individu and collect , “ papa john ’ s ” ) . abg and papa john ’ s may hereinaft be refer to individu as a “ parti ” or collect as the “ parti ” . witnesseth : wherea , celebr is recogn and known for hi skill as an athlet , sport analyst , and celebr personality; wherea , abg , as successor in interest to celebr , is the exclus right holder throughout the world of certain right to celebr ’ s name , imag , and servic , and ha the author to exploit such rights; wherea , pjmf is a corpor that pay for the nation market of pji and is licens to use and sublicens it intellectu property; wherea , papa john ’ s desir to acquir the right to use the celebr endors ( as defin below ) in connect with the advertis , promot and sale of papa john ’ s product ( defin below ) and abg agre to grant such right to papa john ’ s and provid the servic of celebr , all subject to the term and condit of thi agreement; now , therefor , in consider of the mutual coven contain herein and other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti hereto agre as follow : 1. definit . as use herein , the term set forth below shall be defin as follow : a . “ celebr endors ” shall mean the right to use , subject to the provis hereof , celebr ’ s name ( includ variat and deriv of the same ) , nicknam , initi , autograph , voic , video or film portray , facsimil signatur , photograph , trade name , like and imag or facsimil imag , or mean of endors ( not includ video ) ( individu and collect , the “ person right ” ) , in each case , sole as approv ( as hereinaft defin ) by abg , in connect with the advertis , promot and sale of product . b . “ contract year ” shall refer to the period commenc on the effect date and end the day befor the one year anniversari of the effect date , and each success twelv ( 12 ) month period thereaft dure the term of thi agreement . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 c. “ competit product ” shall mean pizza intend primarili for carry-out or home deliveri and prepar on the premis of a pizza carry-out/deliveri restaur , includ but not limit to , pizza “ take and bake ” outlet , dine-in restaur in which pizza is the princip food offer , and/or frozen pizza sold in groceri or mass merchandis store for in-hom prepar . d. “ product ” shall mean papa john ’ s-brand pizza , bread side , and , subject to abg ’ s approv in each instanc , piadina and dessert ( exclud pastri , doughnut , coffe and coffee-bas product , energi drink , ‘ hydrat ’ frozen ice bar , ‘ energi ’ frozen ice bar , and ‘ recoveri ’ frozen ice bar ) , in each case produc and sold by papa john ’ s . e. “ territori ” shall mean worldwid . 2. term . unless earlier termin in accord with the provis hereof , the initi term of thi agreement ( “ term ” ) is the effect date through march 15 , 2022. the agreement may be extend for one ( 1 ) year upon the parti ’ mutual agreement in write , it be specif understood the servic to be perform by celebr ( on behalf of abg ) and remuner to abg in connect with the same shall be negoti in good faith . 3. grant of endors . a. in consider of the remuner to be paid to abg pursuant hereto and subject to the condit and limit contain herein , abg grant to papa john ’ s the non-transferr , non-assign , non-sublicens , indivis right and licens sole dure the term of the agreement and within the territori to use the celebr endors , in each instanc , subject to abg ’ s approv ( as hereinaft defin ) . it is understood that papa john ’ s shall not use the celebr endors for ani other purpos or in connect with ani other item unless specif permit herein . subject to the term contain herein , papa john ’ s and abg agre and acknowledg that dure the term of thi agreement and for one ( 1 ) year thereaft , abg shall be prohibit from grant ani right for celebr ident or similar to the right grant to papa john ’ s hereund to ani entiti other than papa john ’ s for the purpos of directli promot , advertis , make an appear on behalf of , or endors competit products; provid , howev , that in the event thi agreement is termin pursuant to section 7.b . of thi agreement , the prohibit referenc abov shall be for a period of six ( 6 ) month , except that the prohibit shall referenc abov shall not appli ( or shall immedi ceas to appli , as applic ) in the event of ani one or more of the follow : ( i ) the agreement is termin due to papa john ’ s failur to pay to abg ani moni under thi agreement , as set forth herein , ( ii ) the agreement is termin due to papa john ’ s failur to grant , issu , or caus to vest ani of the rsu ( as hereinaft defin ) under thi agreement , as set forth herein , ( iii ) papa john ’ s failur to pay to abg ani moni under section 7.d.a . or section 7.d.b . of thi agreement , as set forth herein , or ( iv ) papa john ’ s failur to grant , issu , or caus to vest ani of the rsu under section 7.e.a . or section 7.e.b . of thi agreement , as set forth herein . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 b. the parti acknowledg and agre that all materi produc by or on behalf of papa john ’ s in connect with thi agreement and all element thereof , includ all advertis and promot materi , trademark , phrase , word , write , dialogu , adlib , music , titl or charact therein , but in all case specif exclud the celebr endors and the person right ( the “ materi ” ) , shall be and remain the absolut and exclus properti of papa john ’ s . neither celebr nor abg ha ani right , titl , or interest , and agre that neither will claim ani , in or to the materi . except as otherwis provid herein , all the result of abg ’ s provis of celebr ’ s servic hereund , includ , but not limit to , materi ( but in all case specif exclud the celebr endors and the person right ) , will be deem a “ work made for hire ” under the provis of the unit state copyright act ( 17 u.s.c . sec . 101 ) and will be own by papa john ’ s for all purpos . if ani materi creat under thi agreement are not legal capabl of be a work-made-for-hir under the applic copyright law , then all right , titl , and interest in such materi is herebi assign to papa john ’ s and celebr or abg will execut ani document consist herewith necessari to perfect such assign . c. the parti acknowledg that papa john ’ s ha no right , titl or interest , and papa john ’ s herebi agre that papa john ’ s will not claim ani , in or to the celebr endors , the person right , or ani of celebr ’ s or abg ’ s other intellectu properti right . papa john ’ s herebi acknowledg that papa john ’ s exercis of the celebr endors ( includ , without limit , all use of the person right ) and all goodwil that is attach or may becom attach to the forego shall inur sole to the benefit of abg . d. approv standard . for purpos of thi agreement , “ approv ” ( and all grammat variat thereof , e.g. , approv , approv , etc . ) shall be defin as abg ’ s prior written approv , which may be given or withheld in abg ’ s sole discret . abg ha the right to approv all use of the celebr endors and the person right , whether by papa john ’ s or ani of it approv designe ( includ , without limit , the use of the person right in connect with ani and all product and materi . papa john ’ s herebi agre that : ( a ) no materi may be releas or exhibit publicli , in ani manner , unless and until abg ha approv the same , ( b ) all materi must be re-submit for approv each time a revis is made incorpor ani chang , and ( c ) abg ’ s approv of materi hereund is specif limit to approv of the use of the person right contain therein , and that to the extent ani materi own by third parti ( e.g. , logo , locat , individu , music , etc . ) ( “ third-parti materi ” ) are incorpor therein , papa john ’ s shall be sole respons for identifi such third-parti materi , and for obtain an appropri licens from the owner ( s ) of such third-parti materi to secur all applic right to use and otherwis exploit such third-parti materi . e. approv process . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 1. gener . abg shall respond to each initi request for approv from papa john ’ s ( “ first request ” ) within three ( 3 ) day of abg ’ s receipt of such request ( “ approv window ” ) ; provid , howev that abg ’ s silenc or failur to respond to the first request prior to the expir of the approv window shall be deem abg ’ s disapprov of the materi contain in the first request for approv . in the event that abg is silent with respect to , or fail to repli to , the first request prior to the expir of the approv window , then papa john ’ s shall be entitl to submit a second ( 2nd ) request for approv of the same materi includ in the first request ( “ second request ” ) , with a copi of the materi and the request to abg ’ s legal depart ( use the contact inform set forth in section 12.f . of thi agreement ) . in the event that abg is silent with respect to , or fail to repli to , the second request within three ( 3 ) day of abg ’ s receipt thereof , then abg ’ s silenc with respect to , or failur to respond to , the second request shall be deem abg ’ s approv of the materi includ in the second request . papa john ’ s herebi acknowledg that abg ’ s approv of ani particular materi for a specif purpos shall onli be deem an approv for said purpos . papa john ’ s shall be requir to re-submit ani previous approv materi to the extent papa john ’ s wish to use the same for other purpos . papa john ’ s herebi acknowledg that , in the event papa john ’ s fail to obtain abg ’ s consent or approv for ani act or omiss requir such consent or approv ( e.g. , use of celebr endors or person right , etc . ) , the same shall be deem a non-cur breach of thi agreement entitl , but not requir , abg to immedi termin thi agreement . in the event that abg expressli disapprov ani materi that are submit by papa john ’ s for abg ’ s approv hereund , abg shall provid papa john ’ s with a reason for such disapprov . 2. advertis & promot . papa john ’ s shall creat and submit to abg , via email ( as specifi by abg ) the concept ( e.g. , stori board , mock-up , etc . ) ( “ concept ” ) for each of papa john ’ s propos advertis , market , and promot effort util ani of the person right for purpos of sell product ( each , an “ advertis ” ) . after approv of such concept , and prior to the public exhibit of ani advertis , papa john ’ s shall creat and submit to abg , via email ( as specifi by abg ) , the complet advertis intend for public exhibit . after approv of such advertis , papa john ’ s shall be permit to publicli exhibit the same , through those channel ( e.g. , broadcast televis , internet , radio ) approv by abg , in each case , subject to the term and condit of thi agreement . 3. legal line . upon abg ’ s reason request , use of the person right shall bear appropri copyright , trademark and credit notic , as provid by abg ( “ legal line ” ) , either directli on the materi use the same , or on sticker or label affix thereto , such placement to be mutual agre upon by the parti . 4. papa john ’ s shall not itself or through it agent or repres or otherwis indirectli , make , issu , distribut or dissemin ani inform or statement to the press regard abg , celebr , celebr ’ s endors of papa john ’ s product and/or matter pertain to or aris out of thi agreement ( each a “ press releas ” ) . in the event that papa john ’ s desir to issu a press releas , papa john ’ s shall submit the same to abg for approv . if abg ha not respond in write prior to the expir of an approv window , then the submiss shall be deem disapprov . abg shall have the right , but not the oblig , to includ papa john ’ s , celebr ’ s endors of papa john ’ s product , and the exist of a partnership between abg and papa john ’ s in connect with celebr in press releas , subject to papa john ’ s approv , such approv not to be unreason withheld . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 5. brand restrict . papa john ’ s shall not , dure the term or at ani time thereaft : ( i ) defam or disparag celebr or the person right ( or ani portion thereof ) , nor shall papa john ’ s place the celebr or the person right ( or ani portion thereof ) in a neg light , whether in connect with thi agreement or otherwis , or ( ii ) util the person right ( or ani portion thereof ) in associ with , nor shall papa john ’ s associ celebr with ani of the follow : ( a ) alcohol , drug ( includ , without limit , both prescript and non-prescript ) or other supplements; ( b ) death; ( c ) pornographi or other “ adult onli ” or sexual explicit activities; ( d ) massag parlor , prostitut or ani date or escort activities; ( e ) weapon or ammunition; ( f ) denigr or discrimin against individu base on race , nation origin , gender , religion , disabl , ethnic , sexual orient , gender ident or age; ( g ) incontinence; ( h ) weight loss/gain; ( i ) medic condit ( includ , without limit , hair loss ) ; or ( j ) polit campaign or caus . 6. enforc of celebr endors and person right . abg shall have the exclus right , at abg ’ s sole cost and expens ( exclud papa john ’ s outsid counsel fee and cost ) and exercis at abg ’ s sole discret , to institut in it own name , and to control , with counsel of it own choos , all claim , suit and/or action against third parti relat to the person right , and other proprietari right in and to the same ( “ infring claim ” ) , and abg shall be entitl to receiv and retain all amount award , if ani , as damag , profit or otherwis , in connect with such infring claim . papa john ’ s shall assist abg to ensur that third parti do not unlaw infring on the person right . papa john ’ s shall promptli notifi abg of ani such infring of which papa john ’ s becom awar . papa john ’ s shall not take ani action on account of , or in connect with , ani infring claim , other than to notifi abg of the same , and to cooper with abg , pursuant to thi section . papa john ’ s herebi acknowledg that : ( i ) abg and celebr have no oblig to take ani action in connect with ani infring claim , and ( ii ) abg and celebr shall incur no liabil by reason of : ( a ) abg ’ s or celebr ’ s failur or refus to take ani such action against ani infring claim , or ( b ) ani settlement relat to ani infring claim to which abg or celebr may agre . 7. no attack . papa john ’ s shall not , dure the term or at ani time thereaft , attack or challeng , or lend assist to ani third parti in connect with an attack or challeng , of ani right , titl or interest of abg in and to ani person right ( includ , without limit , copyright , trademark and/or patent ) , whether by way of : ( i ) an applic for and/or an opposit against ani intellectu properti right relat to the person right , ( ii ) adopt and/or applic for and/or registr of ani intellectu properti right ( includ , without limit , domain name , busi name , and social media account ) that are confusingli similar to , that dilut , or that infring , ani of the person right , or ( iii ) ani lawsuit , cancel proceed or action , or otherwis . papa john ’ s shall not repres in ani file , present , document or other statement , whether written or verbal , that papa john ’ s or ani third parti is the owner of the person right , and papa john ’ s shall not use or display ani of the forego except as expressli permit herein . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 4. servic . to facilit papa john ’ s usag of the right and licens to the celebr endors with respect to the product as provid herein , dure each contract year dure the term of the agreement , subject to celebr ’ s prior person and profession oblig , and further subject to advanc schedul reason accept to abg and celebr and to confirm with respect to schedul date , time , and locat , and subject to section 5 ( c ) below , abg agre to caus celebr to provid the servic set forth below ( “ servic ” ) . abg shall requir celebr to provid the servic in a profession manner , subject to the term and condit of thi agreement . a. at least eight ( 8 ) “ servic day ” , includ but not limit to : 1. product day . up to four ( 4 ) product day ( defin as a maximum of eight ( 8 ) consecut hour each ) , with papa john ’ s creativ agenc . 2. person appear . celebr shall appear at least ( each of the follow not to exceed six ( 6 ) consecut hour ) : ( a ) one ( 1 ) day engag with franchise and team member at company-wid event ( s ) ; ( b ) one ( 1 ) day visit papa john ’ s pizza store , date and locat to be mutual agre upon by the parties; and ( c ) one ( 1 ) day at a commun event , date and locat to be mutual agre upon by the parti . papa john ’ s and abg shall both use commerci reason effort to schedul the date , time and locat for servic day so as to meet the reason need of papa john ’ s while not unreason conflict with celebr ’ s previous schedul other commit . papa john ’ s understand that if servic day are request hereund , then such servic day may be coordin with similar servic for other entitl to the use of celebr ’ s person servic ( e.g. , if servic day includ travel to la vega , nevada , celebr and/or abg may coordin such servic day to be perform dure a previous schedul trip to la vega , nevada ) . papa john ’ s shall provid local hair , make-up and/or wardrob stylist for celebr in connect with all servic day hereund , provid each such stylist , and all wardrob select , shall be pre- approv by celebr in hi sole , absolut discret . the time alloc in section 4 ( a ) abov for all servic day shall be exclus of travel time , but inclus of time spent for makeup , wardrob , and reason break . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 b. social media post . abg shall requir celebr to post on each of celebr ’ s instagram ( the page locat at www.instagram.com/shaq and person ’ s instagram account ( shaq ) ) , twitter ( the page locat at www.twitter.com/shaq and celebr ’ s twitter account ( shaq ) ) , and facebook ( the page locat at www.facebook.com/shaq ) at least one post ( 1 ) per month promot papa john ’ s product . each post shall be creat by papa john ’ s , but subject to abg ’ s approv in each instanc . papa john ’ s shall provid abg and celebr with all suitabl and necessari languag , compliant with all feder trade commiss ( “ ftc ” ) standard and requir to includ in each post ( each a or the , “ requir disclosur ” ) which shall clearli and conspicu disclos to the public that abg and/or celebr ha been paid by papa john ’ s in connect with such post . notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi agreement , papa john ’ s shall be sole respons for ensur that ani and all requir disclosur compli with all applic law , rule , regul , and guidelin , includ , without limit , the ftc ’ s “ guid concern the use of endors and testimoni in advertis ” and papa john ’ s shall indemnifi , defend , and hold harmless the abg indemnifi parti ( as hereinaft defin ) from ani and all liabil aris out of the same , unless abg or celebr materi modifi the requir disclosur provid by papa john ’ s ( i.e . if the requir disclosur provid by papa john ’ s compli with all applic law , rule , regul , and guidelin , and abg or celebr ’ s modif of the requir disclosur caus such requir disclosur to not compli all applic law , rule , regul , and guidelin ) . c. public relat . 1. affili announc . for the announc of the affili between papa john ’ s and celebr , abg shall requir celebr to provid busi and consum pr interview , includ the follow , all of which shall be subject to abg ’ s approv : ( a ) two ( 2 ) broadcast televis and three ( 3 ) print or onlin media interview in new york city; ( b ) two ( 2 ) approv photo for releas ( one at a papa john ’ s pizza restaurant; one make pizza with ceo steve ritchi ) ; sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 ( c ) one ( 1 ) social media post; ( d ) quot for press release; ( e ) busi headshot; and ( f ) busi bio . 2. dure each contract year dure the term , abg shall caus celebr to make himself avail for sixti ( 60 ) total minut of interview time promot papa john ’ s , subject to celebr ’ s prior person and profession oblig , and further subject to advanc schedul reason accept to abg and celebr . upon papa john ’ s reason request , ( i ) interview may be broken up into smaller increment ( e.g. , five or ten minut each ) , and ( ii ) abg will caus celebr to particip in media and messag train befor each interview , in each case , subject to celebr ’ s prior person and profession oblig , and further subject to advanc schedul reason accept to abg and celebr . d. new co-brand product . abg will permit celebr and papa john ’ s to collabor in good faith to develop one ( 1 ) or more co-brand product use the person right . ani such co-brand product shall be subject to the separ mutual written agreement of the parti . e. notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi agreement , the parti specif agre that the person right shall not be use , in whole or in part , in connect with ani tie-in program ( as hereinaft defin ) without abg ’ s approv in each instanc . except as specif provid herein , papa john ’ s herebi acknowledg and agre that , both dure the term and at ani and all time thereaft , papa john ’ s ha no right to , and papa john ’ s shall not , affix or attach ani of the person right , in ani manner , to ani of papa john ’ s product or servic ( includ , without limit , product ) ( e.g. , either directli on ani product or on ani packag therefor , etc. ) . for purpos of thi agreement , “ tie-in program ” shall be defin as ani program or plan develop around a particular product or properti and design primarili to gener addit incom relat to such product or properti ( e.g. , traffic builder , cross-promot , third parti program involv the use of a premium or a third parti ’ s product and/or servic ) , includ , without limit : ( i ) ani program primarili design to attract the consum to purchas a product or servic other than or in addit to the products; and/or ( ii ) ani cross-promot with a third parti and/or it product or servic . f. condit preced . papa john ’ s expressli acknowledg that the oblig of abg to requir celebr to perform the servic specifi hereund are subject to the condit that all payment to abg are current and up-to-d . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 g. pay or play . in the event that papa john ’ s fail to util ani or all of the servic as and when the same are alloc and/or schedul pursuant to the abov ( e.g. , within a particular contract year ) , then : ( a ) the same shall not result in a reduct in ani amount due and/or payabl to abg hereund , and ( b ) papa john ’ s shall be deem to have waiv it right to util those particular servic ( e.g. , servic day that are alloc for a particular contract year may not be carri into futur contract year , or beyond the expir or earli termin of the term ) without abg ’ s approv . h. no danger activ . the parti acknowledg and agre that celebr shall not be requir to particip in ani physic activ dure celebr ’ s perform of ani servic hereund that may be of a danger natur or which may involv a risk of seriou bodili injuri to celebr and/or other , as determin by abg and celebr in their collect sole and absolut discret . i. addit servic . person ’ s rendit of addit servic beyond the scope of the servic set forth herein shall at all time be subject to the mutual agreement of the parti ( includ , without limit , the negoti of appropri remuner in connect therewith ) . papa john ’ s acknowledg and agre that ( i ) it is contempl that papa john ’ s and celebr will enter into one or more ‘ franchis agreement ’ pursuant to which , among other thing , celebr ( and/or celebr ’ s designe ) will acquir a thirti percent ( 30 ) ownership in nine ( 9 ) atlanta-area papa john ’ s pizza restaur , and ( ii ) papa john ’ s shall not , directli or indirectli , request , caus , or requir celebr , under or in connect with ani such ‘ franchis agreement ’ or otherwis ( except as expressli set forth in thi agreement ) , ( a ) to provid to papa john ’ s ( includ it designe ) ani servic that are the same as or similar to the servic hereund , or ( b ) to grant to papa john ’ s ( includ it designe ) ani right or licens to use ani of the person right . papa john ’ s further acknowledg that abg , as successor in interest to celebr , is the sole and exclus owner of a worldwid portfolio of person right , as well as other copyright , trademark and other intellectu properti right relat to celebr , and the right of public , and other right in and to the name , imag , like , persona , person , voic , signatur , and other indicia of , and right of associ and endors relat to , celebr includ , without limit , pursuant to section 43 ( a ) of the unit state lanham act ( collect , the “ shaq right ” ) . papa john ’ s further acknowledg and agre that : ( a ) ani and all use of the shaq right and/or ani intellectu properti right relat to celebr ( e.g . exploit of a copyright photograph of celebr ) , whether in connect with the product or otherwis , requir the consent and author of abg in each instanc , ( b ) abg is the onli person or entiti that can author the use of shaq right on or in connect with ani product or servic throughout the world , and ( c ) should papa john ’ s or ani third parti desir to manufactur , advertis , sell , offer or otherwis exploit ani product or servic relat to celebr , ani and all such act would be a use of the shaq right and would therefor requir the prior written consent of abg in each instanc . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 j. revers licens . papa john ’ s herebi grant to abg and celebr , a royalty-fre , perpetu , irrevoc , fully- paid , assign , transfer , sublicens right and licens to util the materi , in their entireti or ani portion thereof , in all media now known or hereaft develop , throughout the univers ( individu and collect , “ pj right ” ) as follow : ( i ) on or in connect the perform of the servic hereunder; ( ii ) in connect with histor and archiv purpos ( e.g. , documentari , commentari , corpor retrospect , histor file on websit of abg ) , so-cal business-to-busi use and other non-commerci purposes; and ( iii ) for industri recognit purpos ( e.g. , award competit submiss ) ; in each case , in all media now known or hereaft devis . for extern or public use in subsect ( ii ) and for all instanc in subsect ( iii ) , such licens is subject to papa john ’ s prior written approv , such approv not to be unreason withheld . 5. consider . in consider of the right grant herein and the servic to be provid hereund , papa john ’ s will pay to abg in each contract year of the term , the follow : a. cash payment . 1. papa john ’ s shall pay abg a cash payment of : one million two hundr fifti thousand u.s. dollar ( usd1,250,000 ) for contract year 1 , one million three hundr seventi five thousand u.s. dollar ( usd1,375,000 ) for contract year 2 , and one million five hundr thousand u.s. dollar ( usd1,500,000 ) for contract year 3 ( such cash payment for contract year 1-3 refer to herein as the “ cash payment ” ) for the servic and right provid hereund . in addit to the cash payment and ani other compens payabl to abg ( and , as applic , celebr ) hereund , papa john ’ s shall pay without limit , usag of the union-cov materi produc hereund , with usag appli against the cash payment at doubl scale ( or such other applic rate ) . each of such cash payment shall be paid in four equal instal , as set forth in section 5.a.3 below , as follow : ( a ) the first payment is due on the effect date for the first contract year , and march 1 for subsequ contract years; ( b ) the second payment is due june 1 for each contract year; ( c ) the third payment is due septemb 1 for each contract year; and ( d ) the fourth payment is due decemb 1 for each contract year . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 2. wire instruct . papa john ’ s shall be sole respons for ani cost and/or fee associ with make ani and all payment to abg as requir under thi agreement , includ , without limit , wire transfer fee . papa john ’ s shall pay all sum due to abg by wire transfer to the follow account , unless otherwis instruct by abg : paye : abg-shaq , llc bank of america one bryant park new york , ny 10036 account number : 483043584155 aba rout number ( for domest transfer ) : wire : 026009593 / ach : 021000322 swift code ( for intern transfer ) : bofaus3n 3. no deduct . papa john ’ s may not deduct from , setoff or offset the cash payment or ani other amount payabl to abg for ani reason . for purpos of illustr but without limit , papa john ’ s may not deduct : union fee , other fee , uncollect account , wire transfer fee , bank fee or ani other fee associ with make ani and all payment to abg , slot fee , advertis or other expens of ani kind , the cost incur in the oper of the busi , or the convers of ani currenc into unit state dollar . 4. alloc . abg may , in abg ’ s sole discret , alloc and appli payment it receiv from papa john ’ s hereund . partial payment by papa john ’ s to abg of ani amount due hereund shall not , in ani circumst , avoid default by papa john ’ s as to the full amount of ani such payment , and papa john ’ s shall not be entitl to ani return of the amount of ani partial payment in the event of ani expir or termin of thi agreement . 5. tax & fee . all sale , use , valu ad , withhold , local privileg , excis tax , tariff , duti or other charg of ani kind , charact or descript which may be levi or impos upon ani of the product , papa john ’ s busi oper relat to the product , or on ani aspect of perform of thi agreement , shall be papa john ’ s respons . abg shall onli be respons for the actual tax on abg ’ s net incom result from thi agreement . 6. union fees; other fee . papa john ’ s herebi acknowledg that celebr is a member of sag-aftra . in addit to and separ from the cash payment and ani other compens payabl to abg ( and , as applic , celebr ) hereund , for purpos of thi agreement , forti percent ( 40 ) of the cash payment shall be alloc to union-cov servic . if papa john ’ s engag ani perform or servic of celebr hereund in ani way that is subject to the jurisdict of ani applic union , guild or other organ of which celebr is a member ( includ , without limit , sag-aftra ) , either dure or after the term , then papa john ’ s shall pay , as requir by such union , guild or other organ , all minimum ( and other , as applic ) payment or fee ( or for sag-aftra , minimum pension and welfar contribut ) requir to be made with respect to papa john ’ s use of the servic hereund ( “ union fee ( s ) ” ) . papa john ’ s shall be sole respons for all union fee ( s ) and ani cost and/or fee associ with make ani and all payment to abg as requir under thi agreement , includ , without limit , wire transfer fee ( “ other fee ” ) . in no event shall abg or celebr be respons for ani union fee or other fee that may aris out of thi agreement . upon papa john ’ s reason request , and subject to celebr ’ s and abg ’ s prior consult with counsel of their own choos , abg shall work togeth in good faith with celebr and papa john ’ s to have celebr sign a screen actor guild contract for each session for track purpos . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 7. develop . all cost and expens of papa john ’ s busi ( includ , without limit , the design , develop , prepar , cook , packag , distribut , deliveri , advertis , market , promot , offer for sale , sale , or other exploit of the product , and other cost and expens relat to the materi and all advertis , includ , without limit , to the expens of complianc with the approv requir set forth herein ) shall be born by papa john ’ s . 8. sub-contractor . in the event papa john ’ s wish to sub-contract ani or all of the oper of the product or it relat busi hereund ( e.g. , design of the product , advertis of the product , creation of product , etc . ) to ani third parti ( e.g. , ad agenc , photograph , videograph , produc , crew , etc . ) ( each , a “ sub-contractor ” ) , the same may onli be done if and after abg ha given it approv therefor . if request by abg , papa john ’ s shall provid abg with addit inform about ani propos sub- contractor , such that abg will have suffici inform to evalu papa john ’ s request for approv of such sub-contractor . in the event abg approv ani given sub-contractor , then such sub-contractor shall be permit to carri out onli that portion of the busi for which abg approv such sub-contractor . papa john ’ s shall use papa john ’ s best effort to ensur that all sub-contractor abid by the term of thi agreement . all act of all sub-contractor shall be deem to be the act of papa john ’ s for all purpos of thi agreement . b. award of pji restrict stock unit . on the effect date or as soon as practic thereaft ( such date , the “ grant date ” ) , pji will grant to celebr ( as agent of abg sole for purpos of receiv the rsu and author and irrevoc instruct pji ’ s transfer agent to deliv the share of common stock issu upon vest of the rsu at each applic vest date to abg ) 87,136 restrict stock unit of pji ( the “ rsu ” ) . the rsu will be grant pursuant to the pji 2018 omnibu incent plan ( the “ plan ” ) and will be subject in all respect to the term of the plan and an applic restrict stock unit agreement set forth in exhibit a , which is attach hereto and incorpor by refer herein ( the “ restrict stock unit agreement ” ) . except as set forth in thi agreement or the restrict stock unit agreement , the rsu will vest as to 31 [ 27,012 ] of the rsu on the first anniversari of the grant date , as to 33 [ 28,755 ] of the rsu on the second anniversari of the effect date , and as to 36 [ 31,369 ] of the rsu on the third anniversari of the effect date ( each of such date , a “ vest date ” ) . in the event of a corpor transact , as defin in the plan , the rsu shall be treat in accord with the term of the plan . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 c. expens . in connect with all person appear and person servic ( includ , by way of exampl , all servic day ) to be perform by celebr pursuant to thi agreement , papa john ’ s shall provid the follow for celebr and two ( 2 ) travel companion : ( i ) corpor privat jet , or other privat air travel option; ( ii ) five-star hotel ( suit level or higher for celebr ) , with separ room for travel companions; and ( iii ) privat , high-end ground transport to and from airport and appear locat . 6. warranti and addit coven . a. abg repres and warrant to papa john ’ s that ( i ) neither abg nor celebr is a parti to ani oral or written agreement or understand , which grant to ani other entiti or person a right or licens to use the celebr endors in connect with the advertis , promot or endors of ani competit product or would prevent , limit or hinder the perform of ani of it oblig under thi agreement; ( ii ) the execut and deliveri of thi agreement by abg and/or abg ’ s perform of it oblig under thi agreement will not caus a violat or breach of ani other agreement to which abg or celebr is parti to; ( iii ) all endors of the product by celebr that are approv and actual use by papa john ’ s in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement reflect the honest opinion , find , belief , or experi of the celebrity; and ( iv ) abg ha the full abil and right to enter into thi agreement and to perform , and caus celebr to perform , all of the oblig in thi agreement , as evidenc by the induc letter set forth on exhibit b , which is attach hereto and incorpor by refer herein . b. papa john ’ s repres and warrant to abg and celebr that ( i ) papa john ’ s is not a parti to ani oral or written agreement or understand that would prevent , limit or hinder the perform of ani of it oblig under thi agreement; ( ii ) the execut and deliveri of thi agreement by papa john ’ s and/or papa john ’ s perform of it oblig under thi agreement will not caus a violat or breach of ani other agreement to which papa john ’ s is parti to; ( iii ) papa john ’ s ha the full abil and right to enter into thi agreement and to perform all of the oblig in thi agreement; ( iv ) papa john ’ s maintain appropri polici , procedur , system , and train , in each case consist with prevail industri standard : ( a ) for the product , distribut , and sale of product , ( b ) to ensur that product are safe for human consumpt , ( c ) to ensur complianc with all applic food safeti regul , and ( d ) to provid a level of custom servic at least as favor as is standard in it industri and that will not have a materi advers impact on the papa john ’ s brand; ( v ) no injuri , deleteri or defamatori materi , write or imag shall be use in connect with the person right , the materi , or papa john ’ s business; ( vi ) papa john ’ s shall not creat , incur or permit ani encumbr , lien , secur interest , mortgag , pledg , assign or other hypothec upon thi agreement or permit the commenc of ani proceed or foreclosur action on thi agreement or to obtain ani assign thereof , whether or not involv ani judici or nonjudici foreclosur sales; ( vii ) ( a ) papa john ’ s own all right in and to the product and the materi , includ by way of exampl and not limit , ani and all trademark and servic mark use for or in connect therewith ( e.g. , ‘ papa john ’ s ’ ) , and ( b ) none of the design , develop , prepar , cook , packag , distribut , deliveri , advertis , market , promot , offer for sale , sale , or other exploit of the product or the materi shall infring ani intellectu properti right or otherwis violat ani right of ani third party; and ( viii ) papa john ’ s ha not and will not , dure the term or at ani time after expir of the term , creat ani expens chargeabl to abg or celebr without approv . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 c. each parti acknowledg and agre that ( i ) all copyright and trademark use in connect herewith that are own by a parti shall be and remain the sole and complet properti of such party; ( ii ) the other parti shall not at ani time acquir or claim ani right , titl or interest of ani natur whatsoev in ani such copyright or trademark by virtu of thi agreement; ( iii ) the other parti shall not contest or assist other to contest the valid of all such copyright and trademarks; and ( iv ) it will not incur or creat ani expens chargeabl to the other parti . d. each parti repres and warrant to the other that it will compli with all rule , regul , law , order , decre , and ordin of each and everi countri or polit subdivis thereof , have legal jurisdict over ani aspect of their respect activ under thi agreement includ specif , but not limit to , the use of the celebr endors in materi for and on behalf of papa john ’ s , and the design , develop , prepar , cook , packag , label , distribut , deliveri , advertis , market , promot , offer for sale , sale , or other exploit of the product by and on behalf of papa john ’ s . e. abg agre to execut ( and requir celebr to execut ) such other document as reason request by papa john ’ s as are necessari to effectu the intent of thi agreement , includ the grant of rsu hereund . f. notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi agreement , papa john ’ s acknowledg and agre that abg and/or celebr are parti ( i ) to one or more agreement ( s ) with one or more third parti ( i ) for , among other thing , the use of celebr ’ s endors and the person right dure the term ( or portion thereof ) for and in connect with ( i ) the follow food and beverag product typic consum for breakfast : bagel , breakfast sandwich ( i.e. , sandwich fill primarili with food product that are typic consum at breakfast such as scrambl egg and sausag patti ) , pastri , doughnut , coffe , espresso and cappuccino , ( ii ) fast-casu dine , chain restaur ( i.e. , busi ( es ) which prepar ( s ) and serv ( s ) food and beverag to custom in exchang for money ) with menu primarili focus on chicken dish , ( iii ) high-end dine restaur ( s ) ( i.e. , busi ( es ) which prepar ( s ) and serv ( s ) food and beverag to custom in exchang for money ) with menu primarili focus on american dish similar to those customarili found at steakhous ( which may includ pizzas/flatbread , bread side , dessert , etc . as part of their menu ) , and ( iv ) ‘ hydrat ’ frozen ice bar , ‘ energi ’ frozen ice bar , and ‘ recoveri ’ frozen ice bar , and energi drink ( individu and collect , the “ exist agreement ” ) ; and that abg ’ s and celebr ’ s perform under the exist agreement shall not be deem a breach of thi agreement by abg or celebr . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 7. termin . a. termin by papa john ’ s . without prejudic to ani other right it may have in law , equiti or otherwis , papa john ’ s shall have the right to termin thi agreement upon written notic to abg , as determin by papa john ’ s in it sole discret , exercis good-faith busi judgment , in the event that ani of the follow occur dure the term of thi agreement ( 1 ) celebr ’ s convict or plea of guilti to a crime of moral turpitude; ( 2 ) celebr ’ s or abg ’ s public malign or disparag of papa john ’ s; ( 3 ) celebr or abg intent make ani voluntari statement or commit ani voluntari act that is or becom gener known to the public which such statement or act both ( a ) ha the effect of egregi disparag or insult ani group of the commun on the basi of ethnic , religion , race , nation origin , gender , or sexual orient , and ( b ) is the direct caus of a materi advers impact on papa john ’ s actual sale of pizza; ( 4 ) ( a ) celebr ’ s death or perman incapacit , or ( b ) celebr ’ s inabl to perform the servic of thi agreement except due to a forc majeur event; or ( 5 ) celebr ’ s or abg ’ s breach of ani materi term of thi agreement , which breach celebr or abg fail to cure within thirti ( 30 ) day ( or to the extent not possibl to cure within such period , commenc to cure ) after celebr ’ s or abg ’ s receipt of papa john ’ s written notic of such breach . specif , if thi agreement is termin for ani of the reason provid in section 7.a . ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) , papa john ’ s right to termin thi agreement shall be papa john ’ s sole remedi for the same . b. termin by abg . without prejudic to ani other right it may have in law , equiti or otherwis , abg shall have the right to termin thi agreement upon written notic to papa john ’ s , as determin by abg in it sole discret , exercis good-faith busi judgment , in the event that ( 1 ) dure the term of thi agreement , ani member of pji ’ s execut team or ani member of the board of director of pji ( a ) is convict of or plead guilti to a crime of moral turpitud , ( b ) disparag or publicli malign celebr or abg; ( 2 ) papa john ’ s breach ani materi term of thi agreement , which breach papa john ’ s fail to cure within thirti ( 30 ) day after papa john ’ s receipt of abg ’ s written notic of such breach , it be understood such period shall be five ( 5 ) busi day with respect to the payment of ani moni , or ( c ) ani member of pji ’ s execut team or ani member of the board of director of pji or ani author spokesperson of papa john ’ s intent make ani voluntari statement or commit ani voluntari act that is or becom gener known to the public which such statement or act ha the effect of egregi disparag or insult ani group of the commun on the basi of ethnic , religion , race , nation origin , gender , or sexual orient . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 c. effect of termin - use beyond term . upon expir or termin of thi agreement by papa john ’ s ( but not in the event of termin by abg ) , and subject to papa john ’ s ongo complianc with the term and condit of thi agreement , papa john ’ s shall have the follow right to use the celebr endors sole as follow : ( i ) for a period of six ( 6 ) month follow the effect date of expir or termin , papa john ’ s shall have the right to continu to use , display and distribut copi of materi which bear the celebr endors and which were print and publish , or irrevoc book for public or display with a third parti , prior to the effect date of expir or termination; and ( ii ) papa john ’ s shall have the right , without restrict , to the in-hous , non-commerci use of ani materi . such use may includ in-hous exhibit for histor , educ or commemor purpos . provid that papa john ’ s ha exert it best effort to ceas use of the celebr endors and/or person right as provid abov , ani incident use of the celebr endors and/or person right that may occur or be discov for the three ( 3 ) month period follow such period shall not be deem a breach of thi agreement; provid , howev , that in ani event , all use of the celebr endors and/or person right must ceas by no later than nine ( 9 ) month follow the effect date of expir or termin of thi agreement . d. effect of termin - cash consider . a. termin by papa john ’ s . if thi agreement is termin by papa john ’ s for ani of the reason provid in section 7.a . abov , then abg shall be entitl to the pro-rata share of the respect cash payment for the then-curr contract year as set forth in section 5.a . abov , determin by multipli the cash payment for such contract year by a fraction , the numer of which is the number of day elaps in such contract year and the denomin of which is the total number of day in such contract year , and such amount shall be immedi due as of the effect date of termin and paid to abg . b. termin by abg . if thi agreement is termin by abg for ani of the reason provid in section 7.b . abov , then ani and all unpaid amount under thi agreement for the eighteen ( 18 ) month follow the effect date of termin ( includ , without limit , ani balanc due of the cash payment as of the effect date of termin , in addit to ani and all of the cash payment that would have becom payabl dure the next eighteen ( 18 ) month but for the termin ) shall be immedi due as of the effect date of termin and paid to abg; provid , howev , that in the event there is less than eighteen ( 18 ) month remain in the term as of the effect date of such termin , then ani and all unpaid amount under thi agreement for the balanc of the term ( includ , without limit , ani balanc due of the cash payment as of the effect date of termin , in addit to ani and all cash payment that would have becom payabl but for the termin ) shall be immedi due as of the effect date of termin and paid to abg . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 e. effect of termin - award of rsu . notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi agreement or the restrict stock unit agreement : a. termin by papa john ’ s . if thi agreement is termin by papa john ’ s for ani of the reason set forth in section 7.a . abov , then celebr shall be entitl to immedi vest in the pro-rata share of the respect number of rsu for the then-curr contract year as set forth in section 5.b . abov , determin by multipli the number of rsu for such contract year by a fraction , the numer of which is the number of day elaps in such contract year and the denomin of which is the total number of day in such contract year , and such rsu shall vest immedi as of the effect date of termin . b. termin by abg . if thi agreement is termin by abg for ani of the reason provid in section 7.b . abov , then celebr shall be entitl to immedi vest in all of the rsu for the eighteen ( 18 ) month follow the effect date of termin ( includ , without limit , ani balanc of unvest rsu that were due to vest as of the effect date of termin , in addit to ani and all of the rsu that would have vest dure the next eighteen ( 18 ) month but for the termin ) ; provid , howev , that in the event there is less than eighteen ( 18 ) month remain in the term as of the effect date of such termin , then ani and all of the balanc of the rsu shall vest immedi as of the effect date of termin . 8. indemnif and insur . a. abg ’ s indemnif oblig . abg shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless papa john ’ s and it current and futur parent , subsidiari , affili compani and each of their respect current and futur offic , director , sharehold , employe , agent , attorney , and each of their respect successor and assign ( individu and collect , “ papa john ’ s indemnifi parti ( i ) ” ) from and against ani and all third-parti claim , liabil , demand , caus of action , judgment , settlement , cost and expens ( includ , without limit , reason outsid attorney ’ fee and court cost ) ( collect , “ claim ” ) aris out of or in connect with ani one ( 1 ) or more of the follow : ( i ) the breach by abg of ani of it express represent , express warranti , or express coven in thi agreement; or ( ii ) the failur by abg or celebr to perform ani of it oblig under thi agreement . abg shall not be liabl to papa john ’ s or ani third parti under thi section 8.a . to the extent that papa john ’ s is requir to indemnifi abg pursuant to section 8.b . below . b. papa john ’ s indemnif oblig . papa john ’ s shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless celebr , abg and it current and futur parent , subsidiari , affili compani and each of their respect current and futur offic , director , sharehold , employe , agent , attorney , and each of their respect successor and assign ( individu and collect , “ abg indemnifi parti ( i ) ” ) from and against ani and all direct and third-parti claim , aris out of or in connect with ani one ( 1 ) or more of the follow : ( i ) the breach by papa john ’ s of ani of it express or impli represent , warranti or coven in thi agreement; ( ii ) the failur by papa john ’ s to perform ani of it oblig under thi agreement; ( iii ) the design , develop , prepar , cook , packag , distribut , deliveri , advertis , market , promot , offer for sale , sale , or other exploit of the product , the materi , or ani advertis ( includ , without limit , ani product liabil , fals advertis and/or infring claim ) ; and ( iv ) ani act , whether by omiss or commiss , by papa john ’ s ( includ ani of it franchise , vendor , and store oper ) , which may aris out of , in connect with , or is ani way relat to ani of the product , the materi , papa john ’ s busi and/or thi agreement . papa john ’ s shall not be liabl to abg or ani third parti under thi section 8.b . to the extent that abg is requir to indemnifi papa john ’ s pursuant to section 8.a . abov . papa john ’ s herebi agre that abg ’ s approv shall not waiv , diminish or negat ani of papa john ’ s indemnif oblig to the abg indemnifi parti hereund . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 c. indemnif process . the parti to be indemnifi hereund ( the “ indemnite ” ) must give the indemnifi parti hereund ( the “ indemnitor ” ) prompt written notic of ani claim , and the indemnitor , in it sole discret , may then take such action as it deem advis to defend such claim on behalf of the indemnite . in the event that appropri action is not taken by the indemnitor within thirti ( 30 ) day after the indemnitor ’ s receipt of written notic from the indemnite , the indemnite shall have the right to defend such claim with counsel reason accept to the indemnitor , and no settlement of ani such claim may be made without the prior written approv of the indemnitor , which approv shall not be unreason withheld , condit or delay . even if appropri action is taken by the indemnitor , the indemnite may , at it own cost and expens , be repres by it own counsel in such claim . in ani event , the indemnite and the indemnitor shall keep each other fulli advis of all develop and shall cooper fulli with each other in all respect with respect to ani such claim . d. insur . papa john ’ s shall procur and maintain , at it sole cost and expens , and use commerci reason effort caus it sub-contractor to obtain , at their sole cost and expens , dure the term and for a period of three ( 3 ) year thereaft ( “ insur period ” ) , comprehens gener liabil insur ( includ , without limit , product liabil insur , inventori insur , worker ’ s compens insur , and advertis injuri insur ) , to defend and protect the parti against claim aris out of or in connect with papa john ’ s busi , the materi , the product , and advertis therefor . insur must be obtain from a compani reason accept to abg , in an amount not less than five million unit state dollar ( 5,000,000 usd ) in the aggreg , or papa john ’ s standard insur polici limit , whichev is greater . e. within five ( 5 ) busi day of the date on which thi agreement is fulli execut , papa john ’ s shall submit to abg a certif of insur name each of abg , celebr and authent brand group , llc as addit insur ( “ coi ” ) , which coi , or a renew or replac thereof , shall remain in forc at all time dure the insur period , and shall requir the insur to provid at least thirti ( 30 ) day ’ prior written notic to papa john ’ s , and all addit insur , of ani termin , cancel or modif thereof . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 f. in the event that ani insur polici requir hereund includ or permit a waiver of subrog , such waiver shall appli to abg and celebr . in the event that ani insur polici requir hereund provid for a waiver of subrog in the event that such waiver is requir by a third-parti agreement , then thi agreement shall be deem to requir such waiver . papa john ’ s shall notifi abg of all claim regard the person right , materi and/or product under ani of the forego polici of insur promptli upon the file thereof . papa john ’ s indemnif oblig hereund shall not be limit by the amount of insur requir hereund . abg shall be entitl to it proportion share of the insur proce receiv by papa john ’ s in respect to the celebr endors and/or the person right , and papa john ’ s shall report and pay to abg ani such insur proce at the same time as the next quarterli instal of the cash payment is due . g. limit of liabil . to the maximum extent permiss under applic law , neither abg nor authent brand group llc nor celebr shall be liabl to papa john ’ s for ani consequenti , incident , punit , exemplari , or special damag , regardless of the form or action , whether in contract or in tort , even if abg or authent brand group llc ha been advis of the possibl of such damag or loss . in no event shall abg ’ s , authent brand group llc ’ s , and celebr ’ s total liabil under thi agreement exceed the amount actual receiv by abg ( exclus of reiumburs of expens ) hereund , regardless of the number or type of claim . 9. arbitr . in the event a disput aris under thi agreement which can not be resolv , such disput shall be submit to arbitr and resolv by a singl arbitr ( who shall be a lawyer ) in accord with the commerci arbitr rule of the american arbitr associ then in effect . all such arbitr shall take place at the offic of the american arbitr associ locat in or nearest to new york , new york . each parti is entitl to depos at least two ( 2 ) fact wit and ani expert wit design by the other parti , and to conduct such other discoveri as the arbitr deem appropri . the award or decis render by the arbitr shall be final , bind and conclus and judgment may be enter upon such award by ani court . 10. confidenti and non-disparag . each parti shall hold all confidenti inform receiv pursuant to thi agreement , includ the term and condit of thi agreement and celebr ’ s person and/or busi affair , confidenti and may onli disclos them ( i ) with the prior written consent of the other parti , ( ii ) where requir by law or ( iii ) to such parti ’ s advisor , attorney or other designe , as long as such recipi also keep such inform confidenti . nevertheless , after the parti have announc the associ between celebr and papa john ’ s or the associ otherwis becom public , each parti may respond , discuss and comment in a favor and posit manner that celebr is associ with papa john ’ s dure ani public event and/or interview , subject to the requir herein . all parti agre not to disparag or make derogatori comment , verbal or written , regard the other parti dure the term of the agreement , and for one year thereaft . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 11. forc majeur . if , at ani time dure the term , celebr and/or abg are prevent , hamper or interrupt by , or interf with in , in ani manner whatsoev , fulli perform either of their duti hereund , by reason of : ani present or futur statut , law , ordin , regul , order , judgment or decre , whether legisl , execut or judici ( whether or not valid ) ; ani act of god , earthquak , fire , flood , epidem , accid , explos or casualty; ani lockout , boycott , strike , labor controversi ( includ , without limit , ani threat of the forego ) ; ani riot , civil disturb , war or arm conflict ( whether or not there ha been an offici declar of war or offici statement as to the exist of a state of war ) , invas , occup , intervent of militari forc or act of public enemy; ani embargo , delay of a common carrier , inabl without default on celebr and/or abg part to obtain suffici materi , labor , transport , power or other essenti commod requir in the conduct of it business; ani caus beyond the reason control of celebr and/or abg; or ani other caus of ani similar natur ( each of the forego , a “ forc majeur event ” ) , then celebr ’ s and/or abg ’ s oblig hereund shall be suspend as often as ani such forc majeur event occur and dure such period ( s ) of time as such forc majeur event ( s ) exist and such non-perform by shall not be deem to be a breach of thi agreement by celebr or abg , or a forfeitur of ani of celebr ’ s or abg ’ s right hereund . 12. miscellan . a. sever . if ani term or provis of thi agreement shall be declar illeg , invalid , void or unenforc by ani judici or administr author , then ( i ) such provis shall be elimin to the minimum extent necessari , and ( ii ) such provis shall be reform and rewritten so as to most close reflect the intent of abg and papa john ’ s , such that thi agreement shall otherwis remain in full forc and effect and enforc . b. entir agreement . thi agreement shall constitut the entir understand between abg , celebr and papa john ’ s with respect to the subject matter hereof , and can not be alter or modifi except by an agreement or amend in write , sign by all parti . c. govern law . thi agreement shall be govern by and constru in accord with the law of the state of delawar , without regard to it principl of conflict of law . sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 d. waiver . the failur at ani time of ani parti to demand strict perform of anoth parti of ani of the term , coven or condit set forth in thi agreement will not be constru as a continu waiver or relinquish thereof , and ani parti may , at ani time , demand strict and complet perform of ani other parti of such term , coven , and condit . e. no joint ventur . thi agreement doe not constitut and shall not be constru as constitut a partnership or joint ventur between papa john ’ s and abg or celebr . neither parti shall have ani right to oblig or bind the other parti in ani manner whatsoev , and noth contain herein shall give , or is intend to give , ani right of ani kind to ani third person . f. notic . all notic , sampl , claim , certif , request , demand , and other commun ( other than payment ) desir or requir hereund will be made in write and will be deem to have been duli given if deliv to the parti address by hand , or by other mean of express courier servic , address as follow : to papa john ’ s : papa john ’ s intern , inc. and papa john ’ s market fund , inc. 2002 papa john ’ s boulevard louisvil , kentucki 40299 with an electron copi to : caroline_oylerpapajohns.com to abg : ( i ) if to abg for question about submit approv request : c/o authent brand group , llc 1411 broadway , 4th floor new york , ny 10018 attent : approv depart with electron copi to : approvalsabg-nyc.com; csmeetonabg-nyc.com; progersabg-nyc.com; and mbergsonabg-nyc.com facsimil number : ( 212 ) 760-2419 ( ii ) if to abg for ani other reason : c/o authent brand group , llc 1411 broadway , 4th floor new york , ny 10018 attent : legal depart with an electron copi to : legaldeptabg-nyc.com facsimil number : ( 212 ) 760-2419 sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 g. right cumul . except as expressli set forth herein , all right and remedi confer upon or reserv by the parti in thi agreement shall be cumul and concurr and shall be in addit to all other right and remedi avail to such parti at law or in equiti or otherwis , includ , without limit , request for temporari and/or perman injunct relief . such right and remedi are not intend to be exclus of ani other right or remedi and the exercis by either parti of ani right or remedi herein provid shall be without prejudic to the exercis of ani other right or remedi by such parti provid herein or avail at law or in equiti . h. equit relief . papa john ’ s acknowledg that ani breach by papa john ’ s shall caus abg irrepar harm for which there is no adequ remedi at law , and in the event of such breach , abg shall be entitl to , in addit to other avail remedi , injunct or other equit relief , includ , without limit , interim or emerg relief , includ , without limit , a temporari restrain order or injunct , befor ani court with applic jurisdict , to protect or enforc it right . i. ani section and ani other oblig under the provis of thi agreement which , by their term or implic , have a continu effect , shall surviv ani expir or termin of thi agreement . j. counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in multipl counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which togeth shall constitut one ( 1 ) agreement bind on all parti hereto notwithstand that all of the parti hereto are not signatori to the same counterpart . each of the parti agre that an electron signatur evidenc a parti ’ s execut of thi agreement shall be effect as an origin signatur and may be use in lieu of the origin for ani purpos . [ signatur page follow ] sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019 in wit whereof , the parti hereto have duli execut thi agreement effect the date first abov written . papa john ’ s market fund , inc. abg-shaq , llc date : 6/6/19 date : june 11 , 2019 by : /s/ steve ritchi by : jay dubin titl : presid & ceo titl : gener counsel papa john ’ s intern , inc. date : 6/6/19 by : /s/ steve ritchi titl : presid & ceo sourc : papa john intern inc , 8-k , 6/17/2019