exhibit 10.1 master franchis agreement thi master franchis agreement ( “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into on the 20th day of novemb , 2018 ( the “ effect date ” ) at mumbai , by and between smaaash entertain privat limit , an indian compani , with it address at trade view , level 2 , kamala mill , lower parel , mumbai 400013 , india ( “ franchisor ” ) and i-am capit acquisit compani , a compani incorpor in the unit state of america , with an address at 1345 avenu of the america , 11th floor , new york , 10105 ( “ franchise ” ) . recit a. wherea , franchisor oper entertain center and game arcad throughout india as well as at the mall of the america in minneapoli minnesota where franchisor , through it virtual realiti and sport simul technolog and proprietari gamif technolog provid sport and recreat activities/services; and b. wherea , franchise is [ • ] ( add the busi of the franchise ) ; and c. wherea , franchisor desir to appoint franchise , and franchise desir to be so appoint , to act as franchisor ’ s exclus franchise in the territori of north america and south america ( “ territori ” ) in the manner set out in thi agreement , for set up , manag and oper entertain centr and game arcad involv virtual realiti , sport simul technolog and proprietari gamif technolog to provid sport and recreat activities/servic to the public ( “ smaaash centr ” ) , upon the term and subject to the condit hereinaft provid . now , therefor , the parti agre as follow : 1. grant of franchis 1.1 right grant to the franchise . subject to section 1.2 , franchisor herebi grant to franchise the exclus right , ( a ) to establish and oper smaaash centr in the territori , ( b ) to sub-licens the right to establish and oper smaaash centr to third parti franchise in and for the territori , ( c ) a licens to use the product and other servic develop by franchisor with respect to the smaaash centr ( includ a right to authoris the use of product and servic develop by the franchisor by third parti franchise ) , in the territori , and ( d ) to identifi third parti franchise for the smaaash centr in the territori . the right grant herein includ the limit licens to use the trademark of the franchisor ( the detail of which are more set out in exhibit a ) , as set out in section 3 of thi agreement , for the purpos of establish and oper the smaaash centr in the territori . it is clarifi that if third parti franchise shall be establish and oper smaaash centr in the manner contempl under thi agreement , then the franchise shall ensur that such third parti franchise compli with all the oblig and duti of the franchise , as record under thi agreement , and to thi extent , franchise may enter into relev agreement with such third parti franchise . 1.2 notwithstand the right grant to the franchise in section 1.1 , the franchisor and it affili shall retain the right on the term and condit that the franchisor may deem fit and without grant ani right therein to the franchise , ( i ) to own , acquir , establish and / or oper , and to a grant a licens to third parti to establish and oper smaaash centr at ani locat outsid the territori , and ( ii ) to own , acquir , establish and / or oper , and to grant a licens to third parti to establish and oper , game and entertain centr under other proprietari mark or other system , whether such centr are the same , similar or differ from the smaaash centr , at ani locat within or outsid the territori . 1.3 thi arrang ha been enter into by the parti on an arm ’ length basi . all commerci between the parti in relat to the transact contempl under thi agreement , if not specif provid in thi agreement , shall be agre mutual between the parti . 1.4 addit consider ( a ) price . franchisor and franchise shall agre upon and decid the locat at which the smaaash centr shall be set up within the territori . the franchise shall not be entitl to set up ani new smaaash centr without consult with , and obtain the prior written consent of smaaash . ( b ) the price of the product and servic offer in each of the smaaash centr shall be decid mutual among the parti . ani revis to the agre fee , includ ani discount or prize or other promot measur shall requir the prior written consent from franchisor . sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 ( c ) franchise or the third parti franchise , as the case may be , shall be entitl to receiv the revenu gener from each of the smaaash centr . if third parti franchise are oper the smaaash centr , then the franchise shall be entitl to receiv , ( i ) 5 ( five percent ) of the capit expenditur as agre among the parti for the particular smaaash centr as sign -on fee or upfront advanc , and ( ii ) 5 ( five percent ) fee or commiss of the revenu gener by such third parti franchise from the smaash centr on an annual basi . 1.5 oper of smaaash centr . franchise or third parti sub – franchise shall be under an oblig to set up at least 6 ( six ) smaaash centr dure the first contract year or ani other time period as may be provid by franchisor . the smaaash centr shall be establish and oper in the territori use the assum trade name ’ smaaash ’ or ani other trade name that the franchisor may design . franchise shall maintain good custom relat in accord with prudent and reason busi practic . franchise shall perform it oblig hereund without use subcontractor , sub-distributor , independ sale repres , agent , franchise ’ s affili or other non-employe ( “ third parti ” ) to perform the oblig of franchise under thi agreement except to the contrari specif state in thi agreement or unless they have been approv , in write , in advanc , by franchisor , such approv not to be unreason withheld . 2. term the term of thi agreement shall commenc as of the effect date and shall continu until termin as hereinaft provid ( the “ term ” ) . each calendar year dure the term is sometim hereinaft refer to as a “ contract year. ” 3. grant of licens in the trademark 3.1 licens . subject to the term of thi agreement ( includ all oblig to first obtain franchisor ’ s written approv ) , franchisor herebi grant to franchise the right to use the trademark ( the detail of which are set out in exhibit a to thi agreement ) ( includ sub-licens thi right to third parti franchise with the approv of franchisor ) , on a royalty-fre basi , for the purpos of oper and promot the smaaash centr in the territori . franchise is , in particular entitl to : ( a ) offer , market and/or distribut ani product and servic in connect with the smaaash centr under the trademarks; and sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 b ) use the trademark on busi stationeri and/or in advertis in connect with the advertis , promot and distribut of smaaash centr in the territori . 3.2 exclus of licens . except as provid in the next sentenc , the licens grant herein shall be exclus . “ exclus ” shall mean that franchisor shall not grant ani further licens to third parti in the trademark for use in connect with smaaash centr in the territori , and the franchise shall not enter into ani arrang or agreement with ani third parti for establish or oper ani game and entertain centr ident or similar to smaaash centr , in the territori except as otherwis provid in thi agreement; provid , howev , that franchisor may continu to use the trademark in the territori in connect with the oper of franchisor ’ s entertain center alreadi set up as of the effect date in the territori . the restrict contain in thi agreement shall appli on the parti throughout the term . 3.3 form of use . unless otherwis provid herein or agre by the parti in write , franchise shall use the trademark that are regist in the territori in their regist form . 4. complianc with law franchise shall ensur that the smaaash centr shall be set up , establish , oper , manag , advertis , market , promot , public and otherwis exploit , in accord with all applic law and regul in the territori , includ without limit , all custom requir and countri of origin regul . 5. market and promot activ 5.1 best effort . ( a ) franchise shall exercis it best effort to effect market , promot , and publicis the smaaash centr throughout the territori . franchise shall also be oblig to identifi suitabl locat to set up the smaaash centr . franchise shall compli with , and ensur that the third parti sub-franchise compli with the standard prescrib by franchisor ( as provid in the oper manual which shall be share by franchisor with franchise ) with respect to the servic , product and oper of the smaaash centr and shall oper the smaaash centr in strict conform with such standard and specif as franchisor may from time to time prescrib to franchise . franchise shall refrain from deviat from such standard and specif without franchisor ’ s prior written consent and from otherwis oper in ani manner which reflect advers on the trademark and smaaash centr . ( b ) unless otherwis agre by franchisor in write , throughout the term , franchise shall maintain , and shall ensur that the third parti sub – franchise maintain an organiz structur or local manag reason necessari to adequ support the advertis , market and promot of the smaaash centr and the servic and product offer by smaaash centr throughout the territori . the third parti sub – franchise shall also be respons for all employe relat complianc as per the relev applic law . toward thi purpos , franchise shall appoint a qualifi chief oper offic , in consult with franchisor , to undertak and manag the oblig of franchise as set out in thi agreement . franchisor shall also be entitl to design and appoint personnel from it manageri team to assist and train the personnel and staff of the franchise or ani other third parti sub - franchise in set up the smaaash centr , and further provid technic and design knowledg to the third parti sub - franchise . 5.2 promot materi and product . franchise shall submit to franchisor , for franchisor ’ s prior written approv , sampl of all advertis and promot materi that franchise desir to use to promot smaaash centr , includ without limit , print and onlin advertis design , trade show display materi , press releas and interview for public in ani media ( “ promot materi ” ) . franchise shall modifi ani disapprov promot materi to satisfi franchisor ’ s reason object so that it is accept to franchisor . franchisor shall provid franchise with the creativ element of ani promot materi that franchisor creat or acquir for use in connect with the advertis and sale of product outsid the territori . 6. intellectu properti 6.1 ownership . ( a ) franchisor is the sole owner of ani and all intellectu properti right relat to the smaaash centr and their product and servic exist as of the effect date , includ , but not limit to , the trademark and all the goodwil relat thereto ( the “ franchisor properti ” ) . franchise , or ani third parti franchise , by reason of thi agreement , ha not and shall not acquir ani right , titl , interest or claim of ownership in ani of the franchisor properti in the territori or elsewher , except to the extent provid under the licens grant under section 1 and 3 of thi agreement . sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 ( b ) franchise acknowledg that , ( i ) franchisor is the sole and exclus owner of all right , titl and interest in ani franchisor property; ( ii ) noth contain in thi agreement shall give to franchise ani right , titl or interest in ani franchisor property; and ( iii ) franchise ’ s use of the franchisor properti , and ani associ goodwil , shall inur onli to the benefit of franchisor and shall be deem to be sole the properti of franchisor should thi agreement be termin for ani reason . 6.2 registr and cooper . franchise shall not , directli or indirectli , seek or obtain ani new registr for franchisor properti ( includ without limit , ani color imit , translat , or transliter thereof ) , anywher in the world without franchisor ’ s prior written consent . if franchise ha obtain or obtain in the futur , in ani countri , ani right , titl or interest in ani franchisor properti notwithstand the previou sentenc ( includ ani color imit , translat , or transliter thereof ) , franchise will be deem to have so act as an agent and for the benefit of franchisor for the limit purpos of obtain such registr and assign them to franchisor . franchise shall execut , for no addit consider , ani and all document deem necessari by franchisor or it attorney to be necessari to transfer such right , titl or interest to franchisor . 6.3 no challeng . franchise shall not do anyth or suffer anyth to be done which may advers affect ani right of franchisor in and to ani franchisor properti , or ani registr thereof or which , directli or indirectli , may reduc or dilut the valu or distinct of such franchisor properti , in particular the trademark , or disparag or detract from franchisor ’ s reput . franchise shall not challeng , directli or indirectli , franchisor ’ s interest in , or the valid of , ani franchisor properti , or ani applic for registr or trademark registr thereof or ani right of franchisor therein . the provis of thi section 6.3 shall surviv the termin of thi agreement . 7. third parti infringements; attack on use of the trademarks; cooper 7.1 third parti infring . ( a ) mutual inform . each of the parti shall inform the other without undu delay when such parti becom awar of ani infring of ani of the franchisor properti in the territori . ( b ) initi of action . ani action against infring of ani of the franchisor properti , whether or not such action involv litig ( includ ani action taken to oppos a third parti applic to regist an infring trademark or a cancel action against a third parti ’ s infring trademark registr ) , shall be exclus reserv to franchisor , unless otherwis agre by franchisor in write . notwithstand the forego , franchisor shall be under no oblig to initi ani such action . if request by franchisor , franchise shall support franchisor , at franchisor ’ s expens , in ani such proceed and , if request by franchisor , franchise shall promptli provid franchisor with ani relev document in franchise ’ s possess . 7.2 attack on the use of the franchisor properti . each of the parti shall inform the other if it becom awar of a claim by a third parti that the use of ani of ani of the franchisor properti infring on the right of such third parti . if request by franchisor , franchise shall support franchisor , at franchisor ’ s expens , in connect with franchisor ’ s defens against ani such third parti claim . unless otherwis agre by franchisor in write , franchisor shall take the lead in ani defens against a third parti action , whether brought against franchisor and/or franchise . the decis whether or not a defens is appropri shall be in franchisor ’ s sole discret . franchise shall not settl ani third parti claim against it regard it use of ani of the franchisor properti without the prior written consent of franchisor . 7.3 indemn . the franchise shall indemnifi and hold the franchisor , it affili and their respect agent and employe harmless from all claim , action , suit , damag , cost and expens in relat to or aris out of the breach of ani represent , warranti , coven and oblig of the franchise as set out in thi agreement . the indemnif right of the franchisor shall be without prejudic to , and independ of ani other right and remedi that the franchisor may have at law or in equiti , includ the right to seek specif perform , injunct relief or restitut , none of which right or remedi shall be affect or diminish therebi . the provis of thi section 7.3 shall surviv the termin of thi agreement . 8. termin 8.1 termin by mutual agreement . thi agreement may be termin at ani time upon the mutual written agreement of the parti . sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 8.2 termin by franchisor with notic . franchisor may termin thi agreement upon thirti ( 30 ) day written notic to franchise upon the occurr of ani of the follow : ( a ) franchise fail to make ani payment requir under or in connect with thi agreement; ( b ) franchise ceas to oper or otherwis abandon the smaaash centr without the consent of franchisor , or otherwis forfeit the right to do or transact busi in the territory; ( c ) franchise fail to use it best effort to market and promot smaaash centr and the servic and product offer by smaaash centr within the territori and such failur is not cure within thirti ( 30 ) day of franchisor ’ s notif to franchise of such failur . 8.3 termin for caus . thi agreement may be termin by either parti for “ caus ” without the need of provid a notic period prior to such termin becom effect . “ caus ” shall exist if circumst occur which , take into consider the substanc and purpos of thi agreement , would make it unreason for one or both of the parti to continu the contractu relationship and the other parti fail to cure the caus ( assum that such caus is suscept to cure ) within thirti ( 30 ) day after the date of receipt of a correspond written notic ( “ remedi notic ” ) . if such caus by it natur is not curabl , then no such remedi notic is requir . without limit the gener of the forego , a parti may termin thi agreement for “ caus ” if : ( a ) the other parti to thi agreement is in breach of one or more of it materi obligations; or ( b ) the other parti to thi agreement becom insolv , gener can not pay it oblig when due or otherwis suffer a substanti deterior of it financi situat , or if insolvency/bankruptci proceed are initi against such parti or such parti initi ani dissolut or liquid of it busi and/or asset . 8.4 effect of termin . ( a ) upon the termin of thi agreement , ani indebted of franchise to franchisor shall becom immedi due and payabl . franchise shall immedi ceas to oper the smaaash centr and shall not thereaft , directli or indirectli , repres to the public or hold itself out as a franchise of franchisor . franchisor shall have the right to suspend the perform of ani of their oblig under thi agreement . franchisor shall have the right to provid the right and licens grant herein to franchise to ani other third parti entiti that franchisor may deem fit . ( b ) all benefit which may accru by reason of the activ of franchise hereund shall be deem transfer automat to franchisor , and all licens and other right grant to franchise hereund shall immedi ceas . unless otherwis agre by franchisor in write , franchise shall immedi discontinu the advertis and market of smaaash centr and the product and servic offer by smaaash centr . ( c ) each of the parti shall continu to maintain in confid ani and all confidenti inform receiv from the other parti . at franchisor ’ s elect , franchisor may purchas from franchise ani materi use by franchise for the advertis , market , promot , public or other exploit of smaaash centr and the product and servic offer by the smaaash centr , includ all promot materi , franchisor properti , or ani other materi which contain ani of the trademark . ( d ) the termin of thi agreement for ani reason shall not affect oblig accru prior to the effect date of such termin of thi agreement or ani oblig which , either expressli or from the context of thi agreement , are intend to surviv the termin of thi agreement . 9. notic and other commun all report , approv , request , demand , notic and other commun ( collect “ commun ” ) requir or permit by thi agreement shall be in write and sign by a duli author offic of or such other individu design in write by a parti . commun will be duli given if deliv person , if mail ( by regist mail , return receipt request ) or if deliv by nationally-recogn courier or mail servic which requir the addresse to acknowledg , in write , the receipt thereof , to the parti concern at the follow address ( or at ani other address as a parti may specifi by notic in write to the other ) : if to franchisor : smaaash entertain privat limit trade view , level 2 kamala mill lower parel , mumbai 400013 , india attent : mr. vishwanath kotian if to franchise : 1345 avenu of the america , 11th floor new york , ny 101015 , usa attent : mr. suhel kanuga sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 10. miscellan 10.1 entir agreement . thi agreement contain the entir understand and agreement between the parti with respect to it subject matter , supersed all prior oral or written understand and agreement relat thereto and may not be modifi , discharg or termin , nor may ani of the provis hereof be waiv , oral . 10.2 right to inspect and request inform . dure the term , franchisor shall have the right to conduct audit of franchise with respect to the smaaash centr , and inspect the smaaash centr , after provid a written notic of 5 ( five ) day . franchise shall be under an oblig to provid ani inform as may be request by franchisor with respect to the smaaash centr , includ the book of account and other relev document or record maintain in relat to the smaaash centr . 10.3 insur . dure the term , franchise shall maintain polici of insur as may be request by franchisor , subject to applic law , in relat to the smaaash centr . 10.4 represent and warranti . each of the parti repres and warrant to the other parti that , ( i ) the agreement constitut a valid , legal and bind oblig of such parti and is enforc against such parti in accord with it term , ( ii ) it ha the power and author to execut the agreement and perform all it term , and ( iii ) the execut and perform of thi agreement shall not violat ani charter document of such parti , contraven ani provis of law as applic to such parti ( includ ani order , decre , injunct of ani compet court ) or conflict with the provis of ani materi agreement or contract execut by such parti . the provis of thi section 10.4 shall surviv the termin of thi agreement . 10.5 govern law . ( a ) the parti hereto have expressli agre that thi agreement shall be govern by , and constru in accord with , the law of the state of new york , applic to contract execut and fulli to be perform therein , to the exclus of ani other applic bodi of govern law . ( b ) except as hereaft provid , the parti herebi consent to the jurisdict of the new york state suprem court , counti of new york or in the unit state district court for the southern district of new york to resolv ani disput aris under thi agreement . ( c ) in the event of ani litig or other action aris out of thi agreement , the court shall award to the substanti prevail parti all reason cost and expens includ reason attorney ’ s fee . 10.6 waiver of juri . the parti herebi waiv ani right to trial by juri in ani proceed aris out of or relat to thi agreement or ani of the transact contempl under thi agreement , whether now or exist or hereaft aris , and whether sound in contract , tort or otherwis . the parti agre that ani of them may file a copi of thi section with ani court as written evid of the know , voluntari and bargain for agreement among the parti irrevoc to waiv the trial by juri court , and that ani proceed whatsoev between them relat to thi agreement shall instead be tri in a court of compet jurisdict by a judg sit without a juri . 10.7 forc majeur . the parti will not be liabl to each other for ani failur or delay in perform , other than failur to make time payment due under thi agreement , if it is becaus of earthquak , flood , fire , act of god , civil unrest , terror , act of ani government author or ani other reason beyond the reason control of either or both of the parti ( “ forc majeur ” ) . howev , either parti may termin thi agreement by and upon notic to the other if the other is unabl to perform ani of it materi oblig for a period of thirti ( 30 ) day by reason of a forc majeur . 10.8 no joint ventur . noth herein is intend to constitut the parti as partner or as joint ventur , or either as agent of the other , and neither parti may oblig or bind the other . 10.9 head , definit and other particular . head and titl of section and/or paragraph are for conveni onli . the definit in thi agreement shall appli equal to both the singular and plural form of the term defin . whenev the context may requir , ani pronoun shall includ the correspond masculin , feminin and neuter form . the use of “ includ ” in thi agreement shall be constru as illustr . sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 10.10 amend . thi agreement shall , from the effect date , bind the parti to the term herein and can not be amend without the consent of the parti . further , thi agreement can not be termin by ani parti except in accord with claus 8 of thi agreement . 10.11 assign . the franchisor shall be entitl to assign , transfer , encumb or dispos of ani of it right and or oblig under thi agreement , includ to an affili , without the prior written consent of the franchise . the franchise shall not be entitl to assign , transfer , encumb or dispos of ani of it right and or oblig under thi agreement , includ to an affili , without the prior written consent of the franchisor . 10.12 expens . the franchise shall bear all the cost and expens in relat to the execut of thi agreement and the consumm of all the transact hereund . 10.13 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in two ( 2 ) or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which shall constitut one and the same instrument . the deliveri of sign counterpart by facsimil transmiss or electron mail in “ portabl document format ” ( “ .pdf ” ) shall be as effect as sign and deliv the document in person . sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 in wit whereof , the parti hereto have duli execut thi agreement the day and year first abov written . smaaash entertain privat limit by : /s/ shripal morakhia name : shripal morakhia titl : i-am capit acquisit compani by : /s/ f. jacob cherian name : f. jacob cherian titl : chief execut offic ( exhibit follow ) sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018 exhibit a trademark separ annex sourc : simplic esport & game co , 8-k , 11/30/2018