exhibit 99.2 e-busi host agreement 1.0 introduct thi e-busi host agreement ( “ agreement ” ) between intern busi machin corpor ( “ ibm ” ) and the quantum group inc. , ( “ custom ” ) , set forth the term and condit under which ibm will provid host and relat servic ( “ servic ” ) to custom . the agreement includ the term and condit and the document referenc herein ( “ base term ” ) and the follow attach : attach a - services; attach b – host components; and attach c – charg in the event of a conflict between the base term and an attach list herein ( “ attach ” ) , the base term will prevail , except where an attach , or a provis contain therein expressli state that it will prevail over the base term . 2.0 definit “ accept use polici ” mean the accept use polici for ibm e-busi servic , locat on the internet at www.ibm.com/services/e-business/aup.html , as of the effect date , and ani subsequ modif in accord with section 13.2 below . “ affili ” mean entiti that control , are control by , or are under common control with a parti to thi agreement . “ base compon ” mean the hardwar and softwar that ibm make avail , if ani , as specifi in attach b . “ bandwidth ” mean the measur of sampl of usag taken everi five ( 5 ) minut dure a calendar month and collect two ( 2 ) read ( cumul of inbound feed and cumul of outbound feed at the same measur point in time ) . the measur are store and becom data points. at the end of the month , all data point taken dure the month are rank in ascend order . ibm will discard the top five percent ( 5 ) for each set ( inbound and outbound ) of data point . the highest remain sampl of the two ( 2 ) set becom the custom ’ s commit or burstabl usag number for that bill cycl . “ burstabl bandwidth ” mean the bandwidth consumpt in excess of the commit bandwidth . “ commit bandwidth ” mean the fix circuit capac that ibm will make avail to custom for connect to the internet . custom ’ s data traffic between the e-busi host center and the internet may not exceed commit bandwidth , unless otherwis expressli specifi in an attach . “ content ” mean inform , softwar , and data that custom provid , includ , without limit , ani hypertext markup languag file , script , program , record , sound , music , graphic , imag , applet or servlet that custom or it subcontractor or servic recipi creat , instal , upload or transfer in or through the e-busi host environ and/or custom compon . “ content administr ” mean an employe or subcontractor of custom who is author by custom to instal , upload and/or maintain content use a user identif . “ custom ” mean ibm ’ s custom to whom the servic are be provid . “ custom compon ” mean the hardwar , softwar and other product , data and content that custom provid , includ those specifi in attach b . “ custom initi chang ” mean patch or chang to the environ dictat to be instal by custom , and instal by either custom or by ibm . “ custom product readi date ” or “ cprd ” mean the date ( follow the host servic readi date ) that the follow item have been complet : ( 1 ) custom ha notifi ibm that custom ha complet applic test and load of custom content , and ( 2 ) ibm ha notifi custom that monitor and report have been enabl and end user may now begin use the servic . commenc on the custom product readi date , custom will not have administr access for fulli manag devic , unless specif request for a limit period of time mutual agre between the parti , use the establish chang manag procedur . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 “ direct access storag ” or “ da ” mean data storag devic that are directli attach to a server . “ e-busi host environ ” mean the base compon and the ibm provid internet access bandwidth , collect . “ host servic readi date ” mean a date when ibm notifi custom that servic are avail for custom use and ibm instal respons have been complet for such servic . servic may be initi in stage and monthli recur charg will begin for ani portion of servic specifi in such notif . “ e-busi host center ” mean a facil use by ibm to provid servic . “ internet ” mean the public worldwid network of tcp/ip-bas network . “ local storag ” ha the same definit as direct access storag “ logic unit number ” or “ lun ” mean the individu compon in the san storag system that may be access . each disk or disk partit in a san storag system array ha a lun assign to it . “ manag applic servic ” mean a servic provid by ibm that includ the servic defin in attach a as manag applic servic . “ manag applic solut ” mean a custom ’ s applic host environ consist of network , storag and server devic and includ manag applic servic for all of the devic . a manag applic solut can not contain ani manag devic that do not also includ manag applic servic in order to qualifi for a servic level agreement as defin in attach a . “ manag na storag – dedic environ ” mean a physic na storag control and associ disk , provis by ibm or custom that is dedic to a custom and manag by ibm . “ manag na storag – share environ ” mean a physic na storag control and associ disk , provis by ibm , that is share between custom and manag by ibm . resourc are alloc by ibm base on requir from the custom and these resourc are dedic for the custom ’ s use . “ manag san storag - dedic environ ” mean a physic san storag control and associ disk that is dedic to custom ( not share with other ibm custom ) and manag by ibm . resourc are alloc by ibm base on requir from the custom . “ manag san storag – share environ ” mean a physic san storag control and associ disk that is share between two or more ibm custom and manag by ibm. resourc are alloc by ibm base on requir from the custom . “ manag server ” mean a physic or virtual server base compon for which ibm is provid setup , configur , administr and manag servic . “ materi ” mean literari or other work of authorship ( such as program , program list , program tool , document , report , draw and similar work ) that ibm may deliv to custom as part of servic . “ materi ” doe not includ licens program product avail under their own licens agreement or base compon . “ middlewar ” mean ani program that serv to '' glue togeth '' or mediat between two separ and often alreadi exist program . a common applic of middlewar is to allow program written for access to a particular databas to access other databas . the systemat tie togeth of dispar applic , often through the use of middlewar , is known as applic integr . “ network interfac card ( nic ) mean a comput circuit board or card that is instal in a comput so that it can be connect to a network . “ oper assist ” mean the addit oper and physic assist servic provid by ibm . “ oper event ” mean the activ relat to physic oper of an unmanag custom environ . these activ can includ : devic reboot or restart chang a tape chang a cd or a disk floppi prepar tape for send them offsit vendor manag for hardwar repair or replac of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 other type of event with the prior approv of the ibm pm “ oper system ” or “ os ” mean the master control program ( for exampl , window or aix ) that manag a comput 's intern function and provid a mean of control to the comput 's oper and file system . “ os imag ” mean the initi binari imag that a boot loader load into memori and transfer control to start an oper system . the os imag is typic an execut contain the oper system kernel . “ os instanc ” mean an occurr of the os imag . “ ping ” mean a util to determin whether a specif ip address is access . “ requir consent ” mean ani consent or approv requir to give ibm and it subcontractor the right or licens to access , use and/or modifi in electron form and in other form , includ deriv work , the custom compon , without infring the ownership or intellectu properti right of the provid , licensor , or owner of such custom compon . “ servic recipi ” mean ani entiti or individu receiv or use the servic , or the result or product of the servic . “ smarthand ” mean the addit system administr and technic , physic and logic assist servic provid by ibm . m. “ system administr ” mean day-to-day routin task perform in a product environ by a system administr . thi doe not includ , re-carv storag sub-system , re-build enterpris class system , major upgrad to the environ , major secur servic , databas administr , applic develop , system integr or extens perform tune respons . “ storag area network ” or “ san ” mean the storag area network environ consist of a storag area network fabric compos of storag area network switch , host bu adapt and cabl and a storag area network storag control and associ disk . “ system imag ” mean the file relat to the os and applic , but exclud custom data file . “ subcontractor ” mean a contractor , vendor , agent , or consult select and retain by ibm or custom , respect . “ tcp/ip ” mean transmiss control protocol/internet protocol . “ time and materi ( t & m ) ” mean the addit oper , system administr and technic , physic and logic assist servic provid by ibm that are not includ with the servic set forth in attach a – servic “ user identif ” or “ user id ” mean a string of charact that uniqu identifi a content administr . “ virtual local area network ( vlan ) ” mean a logic group of two or more devic which are not necessarili on the same physic network segment , but which share the same network segment . “ virtual privat network ( vpn ) ” mean a privat network that use a public network ( usual the internet ) to connect remot site or user togeth . “ virtual server ” mean an instanc of a fulli function server resid with other instanc on a physic server and isol from other instanc via virtual softwar ( such as vmware ) and share the resourc of the physic server . the virtual softwar provid resourc manag for all of the instanc . 3.0 ibm servic respons ibm will perform the servic describ in attach a and other applic attach . ibm contact ibm will design an individu to whom custom will address commun specif to the provis of the servic provid under thi agreement ( “ ibm contact ” ) . 4.0 term and termin term thi agreement will be effect begin on 12:01 a.m. , eastern time , on the day after the date of last signatur to these base term ( “ effect date ” ) . thi agreement will remain in effect for thirty-six ( 36 ) of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 month follow the host servic readi date ( “ term ” ) , unless termin earlier in accord with the term herein . termin for caus custom or ibm may termin thi agreement for materi breach of thi agreement by the other upon written notic contain the specif natur and date of the materi breach . the breach parti will have thirti ( 30 ) day from receipt of notic to cure such breach , except for nonpay by custom , which must be cure within five ( 5 ) day from receipt of notic . if such breach ha not been time cure , then the non-breach parti may immedi termin thi agreement upon written notic . termin for conveni custom may termin thi agreement , or ani portion of servic specifi herein , for conveni by : provid at least sixti ( 60 ) day prior written notic to ibm; and pay the applic earli termin charg specifi in attach c. effect of termin upon the date of termin , all custom payment oblig accru hereund through the date of termin will becom due and payabl . 5.0 charg and payment charg custom will pay to ibm all applic charg specifi in attach c. charg may be specifi as one-tim , recur , or usag . ibm will invoic such charg when they begin or are due as set forth in attach c. payment ibm invoic will specifi the amount due . payment is due and payabl by month end for ani invoic receiv by the 10th of the month , otherwis payment is due thirti ( 30 ) day from receipt of invoice. custom agre to pay accordingli , includ ani late payment fee . payment will be made in unit state dollar . tax custom will pay or provid appropri exempt document for all tax , duti , levi , and ani other fee ( except for tax base upon ibm ’ s net incom ) relat to the servic impos by ani government author . charg specifi herein are exclus of ani such tax , duti , levi or fee . 6.0 warranti and disclaim ibm represent and warranti ibm repres and warrant that : it will perform the servic use reason care and skill and in accord with thi agreement; and it ha the requisit corpor power and author to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement . exclus of warranti the warranti in section 6.1 are the exclus warranti from ibm . they replac all other warranti , includ , without limit , the impli warranti of merchant , and fit for a particular purpos . secur custom acknowledg that ibm offer numer secur option , and it is custom ’ s respons to select the set of secur option that it determin meet custom ’ s needs. ibm will implement the secur option specifi herein . custom acknowledg that ibm doe not control the transfer of data over telecommun facil , includ the internet . ibm doe not warrant secur oper of the servic or that it will be abl to prevent third parti disrupt of the e-busi host environ or custom compon . custom agre that ibm shall have no liabil for ani provis of security-rel servic or advic that ibm may voluntarili provid outsid the scope of servic specifi herein . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 other disclaim ibm doe not warrant uninterrupt or error-fre oper of ani servic or that ibm will correct all defect . ibm doe not make ani represent or warranti with respect to custom 's respons set forth in section 11.6. ibm provid materi , non-ibm product , and non-ibm servic without warranti of ani kind . howev , non-ibm manufactur , supplier , or publish may provid their own warranti to you . ibm doe not oper as a provid of servic regul by the feder commun commiss ( fcc ) or state regulatori author ( state regul ) , and doe not intend to provid ani servic which are regul by the fcc or state regul . if the fcc or ani state regul impos regulatori requir or oblig on ani servic provid by ibm hereund , ibm may chang the way in which such servic are provid to custom to avoid the applic of such requir or oblig to ibm ( e.g. , by act as custom ’ s agent for acquir such servic from a third parti common carrier ) . 7.0 confidenti all inform exchang between the parti is non-confidenti . if either or both parti requir the exchang of confidenti inform , such inform will be exchang under the term and condit of a separ written confidenti agreement . with respect to ani confidenti inform contain in or travel through the e-busi host environ or custom compon , as is contempl herein , the provis of section 6 , 9 , and 10 herein will prevail to the extent of ani inconsist provis in the confidenti agreement . 8.0 indemnif indemnif by ibm if a third parti claim that materi or base compon ibm provid to custom infring that parti ’ s patent or copyright , ibm will defend the custom and it employe , offic , and director against that claim at ibm ’ s expens and pay all cost , damag , and reason attorney ’ fee that a court final award ( or which ibm agre in ani final settlement ) , provid that custom : promptli notifi ibm in write of the claim; and allow ibm to control , and cooper with ibm in , the defens and ani relat settlement negoti . if such a claim is made or appear like to be made , custom agre to permit ibm to enabl custom to continu to use the materi or base compon , or to modifi them , or replac them with non-infring materi or base compon that are at least function equival . if ibm determin that none of these altern is reason avail , custom agre to return the materi or base compon ( if in custom ’ s possess ) to ibm on ibm ’ s written request . ibm will give custom a credit equal to the amount custom paid ibm for the applic materi or for use of the applic base compon up to a maximum of twelv ( 12 ) month of applic charges. thi is ibm ’ s entir oblig to custom with regard to ani claim of infring . notwithstand the forego , ibm is not respons for third parti claim base on : anyth custom provid which is incorpor into the materials; custom ’ s modif of the materials; the combin , oper , or use of the materi with ani product , data , or apparatu that ibm did not provide; or non-ibm hardwar , softwar , or data , includ those that may be in the base compon . indemnif by custom custom will defend ibm and it affili and their employe , offic , and director , at custom ’ s expens , and pay all cost , damag , and reason attorney ’ fee that a court final award ( or which custom agre in ani final settlement ) for ani third parti claim : that content or custom ’ s use of the servic violat a custom ’ s oblig in section 11.3 ( b ) or 11.5 ( b ) ; that custom compon infring that parti ’ s patent or copyright; that is brought by a servic recipi and is relat , directli or indirectli , to the services; or of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 aris out of or relat to a mechan ’ lien custom is requir to cancel and discharg pursuant to thi agreement . for indemnif under thi section 8.2 , ibm will : promptli notifi custom in write of the claim; and allow custom to control , and will cooper with custom in , the defens and ani relat settlement negoti . 9.0 limit of ibm ’ s liabil circumst may aris where , becaus of a default on ibm ’ s part or other liabil , custom is entitl to recov damag from ibm . regardless of the basi on which custom is entitl to claim damag from ibm ( includ fundament breach , neglig , misrepresent , or other contract or tort claim ) , ibm is liabl for no more than : indemnif payment as provid in section 8.1; damag for bodili injuri ( includ death ) and damag to real properti and tangibl person property; and the amount of ani other actual direct damag , up to the greater of 100,000 or the charg paid by custom to ibm for the servic in the twelv ( 12 ) month immedi preced the accrual of the first claim relat to the servic . the forego limit also appli to ani of ibm ’ s affili and subcontractor . it is the cumul maximum for which ibm and it affili and subcontractor are collect respons . under no circumst is ibm , it affili or it subcontractor liabl for ani of the follow : third parti claim against custom for damag ( other than those expressli provid in subsect 9.0 ( a ) and 9.0 ( b ) ) ; or loss of , or damag to , custom ’ s or ani other entiti ’ s record or data . 10.0 disclaim of consequenti damag in no event will either parti be liabl to the other for special , incident , or indirect damag or for ani consequenti damag ( includ lost profit or save ) , even if they are inform of the possibility; provid that thi section 10.0 doe not appli to custom ’ s failur to pay ani amount owe to ibm under thi agreement ( includ amount owe for servic that would have been render but for custom ’ s breach of thi agreement ) . 11.0 other custom oblig custom contact custom will design an individu to whom all of ibm ’ s commun will be address and who ha the author to act and make decis for custom in all aspect of the servic , includ request chang , problem resolut , servic request , assign of custom focal point with author over specif servic , and design of custom author repres ( “ custom contact ” ) . servic support custom will compli with it respons to support the servic as specifi in applic attach . such oblig are to be perform at no charg to ibm. ibm ’ s oblig are conting on custom meet such support oblig . represent and warranti custom repres and warrant that : it ha the requisit corpor power and author to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement; custom ha no contractu or other oblig that ( i ) restrict or prohibit custom 's execut or perform of thi agreement , or ( ii ) custom will breach in connect with the execut or perform of thi agreement; and it use of the servic and all content will compli with the accept use polici . suspect violat ibm reserv the right to investig potenti violat of the represent and warranti in subsect 11.3 ( b ) . if ibm reason determin that a breach of ani such warranti ha occur , then ibm may , in it sole discret : restrict custom ’ s access to the services; of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 remov or requir remov of ani offend content; termin thi agreement for cause; and/or exercis other right and remedi , at law or in equiti . except in an emerg or as may otherwis be requir by law , befor undertak the activ in subsect 11.4 ( a ) or 11.4 ( b ) , ibm will attempt to notifi custom by ani reason practic mean under the circumst , such as , without limit , by telephon or e-mail . custom will promptli notifi ibm of ani event or circumst relat to thi agreement , custom ’ s use of the servic , or content of which custom becom awar that could lead to a claim or demand against ibm and custom will provid all relev inform relat to such event or circumst to ibm at ibm ’ s request . custom compon custom ( or it affili or third parti ) retain all right , titl , and interest or licens in and to the custom compon . custom herebi grant to ibm , it affili and subcontractor all right and licens to , or agre to promptli obtain and keep in effect requir consent for all custom compon , necessari for ibm to perform all of it oblig as set forth in thi agreement . upon request , custom will provid to ibm evid of ani such right , licens , or requir consent . ibm will be reliev of it oblig to the extent that they are affect by custom ’ s failur to promptli obtain and provid to ibm ani such right , licens , or requir consent . ibm will adher to reason term and condit pertain to custom compon as notifi in write to ibm . ibm agre not to remov or alter ani copyright or other proprietari notic on or in ani custom compon without custom ’ s consent . capac plan custom acknowledg it is it respons to determin whether the servic , e-busi host environ , custom compon and their combin will meet custom ’ s capac , perform , or scalabl need . custom is respons for plan for and request chang to the e-busi host environ , includ ani addit capac requir to support anticip peak in demand that may significantli increas web site hit , transact volum , or otherwis increas system resourc util . content custom is sole respons for : all content includ , without limit , it select , creation , encrypt , transmiss , transfer , design , licens , instal , accuraci , mainten , test , backup and support; all copyright , patent and trademark clearanc in all applic jurisdict and usag agreement for ani and all content; the select and implement of control on the access and use of content; and the select , manag , separ storag of key , and use of ani public and privat key and digit certif it may use with the servic . 12.0 other licens and right licens for base compon ibm ( or it affili or subcontractor ) retain all right , titl , and interest in base compon . ibm grant custom a nonexclus , nontransfer , revoc licens to access and use the base compon sole in connect with the servic as provid under thi agreement . custom agre not to download or otherwis copi , revers assembl , revers compil , decompil , or otherwis translat the softwar portion of the base compon , other than to make one copi for backup purpos . if ibm provid as a base compon a microsoft corpor product , the term and condit of the microsoft custom licens term will also appli for such product . such term are locat on the internet at http : //www.ibm.com/services/e-business/hosting/microsoftlicense.html . custom agre not to remov or alter ani copyright or other proprietari notic on or in ani base compon without ibm ’ s consent . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 no sale or leas of good as between custom and ibm , ibm retain all right , titl and interest in the base compon . no good are sold or leas by ibm under thi agreement . if custom desir to purchas or leas good from ibm , such purchas or leas will be govern by a separ mutual accept written agreement between custom and ibm or an ibm affili . no leas of real properti thi agreement is a servic agreement and not a leas of ani real properti . 13.0 chang servic descript ibm , in it reason discret , may chang the term and condit of attach a upon at least nineti ( 90 ) day prior notic to custom if such chang wa the result of : law , regul , or similar government action; a rule by a court of compet jurisdiction; or chang in the method of servic deliveri that affect similar ibm e-busi host custom . chang as a result of a , b , or c abov will be effect on the date ibm specifi in the notic . accept use polici ibm , in it reason discret , may modifi the accept use polici upon thirti ( 30 ) day ’ prior notic to custom . if such modif ha a materi advers effect on the custom ’ s use of the servic and provid such modif is not requir by law , regul , or similar government action , or a rule by a court of compet jurisdict , custom ’ s sole remedi is to termin thi agreement without the payment of termin charg provid custom give ibm notic of it intent to termin within nineti ( 90 ) day of the effect date of such modif . project chang control procedur thi agreement may be amend onli by a write sign by author repres of both parti . request for such amend ( “ project chang request ” or “ pcr ” ) should be submit in write by the request parti . the pcr should refer thi agreement , describ in a reason level of detail the propos chang , the rational for the chang , and the impact the propos chang may have on the agreement . the parti will review the pcr and will do one of the follow : author the chang by sign the pcr; agre in write to submit the pcr for further investig . in such case , custom agre to pay ibm for it reason charg , if ani , for such investig . the investig will determin the technic merit and the effect on the charg , schedul , and other term and condit that may result from the implement of the pcr . the parti will then decid either to accept or to reject the pcr; or reject the pcr. if the pcr is reject , the reject parti will inform the request parti of the reason for the reject . a mutual sign pcr will be deem an amend to thi agreement . ani modif of thi agreement request by custom as a result of law applic to custom will be consid a pcr cover by thi subsect . until a chang is agre in write , both parti will continu to act in accord with the latest agre version of the agreement . 14.0 gener head the head of the variou section of thi agreement have been insert for conveni onli and shall not affect the interpret of thi agreement . surviv ani of these term and condit which by their natur extend beyond the agreement termin or expir remain in effect until fulfil , includ , without limit , section 4.4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11.3 , 11.4 , 11.7 , 12.2 , 12.3 , and 14 , and appli to both custom ’ s and ibm ’ s respect successor and assigne . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 choic of law thi agreement will be govern by the substant law of the state of new york , without regard for it conflict of law provis . waiver of juri trial the parti waiv ani right to a juri trial in ani proceed aris out of or relat to thi agreement . sever if ani provis of thi agreement shall be held by a court of compet jurisdict to be invalid , illeg , or unenforc , the valid , legal , and enforc of the remain provis of thi agreement shall in no way be affect or impair therebi , so long as the remain provis of thi agreement still express the origin intent of the parti . if the origin intent of the parti can not be preserv , thi agreement shall either be renegoti or termin . public and trademark neither parti grant the other the right to use it or ani of it affili ’ trademark , trade name , or other design in ani promot , public , or web site without prior written consent . except as may be requir by law or as may be requir by ibm to perform the servic , neither parti may disclos to ani third parti the term and condit of thi agreement , without prior written consent . no third-parti beneficiari except as expressli provid in section 8 , thi agreement doe not creat ani intend third parti beneficiari right . personnel each parti is respons for the supervis , direct , and control of it respect personnel . ibm reserv the right to determin the assign of it personnel. ibm may subcontract portion of the servic to subcontractor and affili select by ibm . no agenc thi agreement doe not creat an agenc , joint ventur , or partnership between the parti . assign neither parti may assign thi agreement , in whole or in part , without the prior written consent of the other. ani attempt to do so is void . neither parti will unreason withhold such consent . the assign of thi agreement , in whole or in part , to ani affili in the unit state or to a successor organ by merger or acquisit doe not requir the consent of the other . ibm is also permit to assign it right to payment under thi agreement without obtain custom ’ s consent . it is not consid an assign for ibm to divest a portion of it busi in a manner that similarli affect all of it custom . no resal custom shall not resel the servic , in whole or in part . thi doe not prevent custom from make their content avail to custom ’ s end user . risk of loss risk of loss for all base compon shall at all time remain with ibm . risk of loss for all custom compon shall at all time remain with custom . forc majeur except for payment oblig hereund , neither parti is respons to fulfil it oblig to the extent due to caus beyond it control . action period neither parti will bring a legal action relat to thi agreement more than two year after the caus of action accru . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 waiver the failur of one parti to insist upon strict adher to ani term of thi agreement on ani occas shall not be consid a waiver , nor shall it depriv that parti of the right to insist later on adher thereto . ani waiver must be in write and sign by an author repres of the waiv parti . freedom of action each parti is free to enter into similar agreement with other . limit of licens each of us grant onli the licens or right expressli specifi herein . no other licens or right ( includ licens or right under patent ) are grant , either directli , by implic , estoppel , or otherwis . materi for materi that ibm deliv to custom that are creat dure the perform of servic or otherwis ( such as those that preexist the servic ) , ibm or third parti have all right , titl , and interest ( includ ownership of copyright ) . ibm will deliv one copi of the materi to custom . ibm grant custom an irrevoc , nonexclus , worldwid , paid-up licens to use , execut , reproduc , display , and perform copi of such materi and distribut within custom ’ s affili onli . custom agre to reproduc the copyright notic and ani other legend of ownership on ani copi made . busi contact inform custom agre to allow ibm and it affili to store and use custom ’ s busi contact inform , includ name , busi phone number , and busi e-mail address , anywher they do busi . such inform will be process and use in connect with our busi relationship , and may be provid to contractor act on ibm ’ s behalf , ibm busi partner who promot , market , and support certain ibm product and servic , and assigne of ibm and it ’ s affili for use consist with our busi relationship . data protect for person inform process by ibm on custom ’ s behalf as part of the servic , ibm will act in accord with custom ’ s instruct by follow such process and secur oblig as are contain in thi agreement . custom also confirm that custom is sole respons for ensur that ani process and secur oblig compli with applic data protect law . custom ’ s contact inform shall not be consid person inform process on custom ’ s behalf . geograph scope the parti agre that while servic recipi outsid of the unit state of america may access the servic , custom ’ s right and ibm ’ s oblig aris out of the agreement are valid onli in the unit state of america . notic ani notic requir or permit hereund will be effect upon receipt and will be person delivered; mail via the postal service; sent by reliabl overnight courier; or transmit by confirm facsimil . except for notic under section 11.4 , all notic will be in write and address to the applic parti ’ s design repres at the address specifi in thi agreement . except as to notic permit or requir under section 4 or 8 , the parti agre that electron mail messag sent between them use secur procedur suffici to reason authent them will be deem write . in addit , ibm may provid notic under section 13.2 by a post to the web site identifi in section 2.0 ( a ) . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 ___________________________________________________________________________________ in enter into thi agreement , custom is not reli upon ani represent made by or on behalf of ibm that is not specifi in the agreement , includ without limit , the charg to be paid or the result of ani of the servic to be provid under thi agreement . by sign below , custom and ibm agre that thi agreement , includ these base term and attach , is the complet agreement between the parti relat to thi subject matter . onc sign , 1 ) ani reproduct of thi agreement or an attach made by reliabl mean ( for exampl , photocopi or facsimil ) is consid an origin and 2 ) all servic order under thi agreement are subject to it . after sign , pleas return a copi of thi agreement to the ibm or partner sale repres list abov . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 attach a – servic 1.0 descript ibm will provid a host infrastructur and relat servic in an e-busi host center as describ herein ( “ manag host servic ” ) . ibm shall have sole root access ( privileg access with author to perform system-level function or secur administr ) for all base compon , except for partial manag server ( “ partial manag server ” ) specifi in attach b. ibm ’ s schedul mainten hour for the e-busi host center are each sunday between 3:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m. local time . manag host servic may not be avail dure thi time . ibm reserv the right to interrupt manag host servic to perform emerg mainten as need . in ani such circumst , ibm will use commerci reason measur to notifi customer. schedul mainten hour may chang upon notic . 2.0 base compon softwar ibm will provid the follow base compon softwar : base compon softwar select by ibm for server monitor and management; base compon softwar select by ibm for antiviru scan of window 2003 servers; base compon softwar select by ibm to enabl backup and restor services; and base compon softwar specifi in attach b. upon expir or termin of thi attach , custom will certifi in write to ibm that all use of softwar base compon by custom ha ceas and that custom ha retain no copi of such softwar . 3.0 custom compon custom will provid custom compon identifi in attach b , subject to the follow provis : the provis for and expens of instal and mainten for custom compon is the respons of custom . upon custom ’ s request , ibm will schedul mainten , notifi custom of the schedul , provid access to the e-busi host center for custom ’ s author mainten vendor as requir , and escort author mainten personnel while on premis at an e- busi host center; custom is respons for obtain and maintain person properti insur suffici to cover the valu of custom components; custom is respons for ani ship or temporari storag cost incur dure the deliveri of custom compon to the e- busi host center or remov of custom compon from the e-busi host center , unless otherwis expressli set forth in an attachment; custom is respons for author it content administr to access and modifi content by provid user identif to such content administr and for the control and distribut of user identif and ani misus of such user identifications; and on or befor five ( 5 ) day follow expir or termin of thi attach , custom will eras custom compon from ani server and disk space that ibm provid as base compon . on or befor fifteen ( 15 ) day follow expir or termin of thi attach , custom will remov all custom compon and ani other custom properti from the e-busi host center ( exclud ani base compon and other ibm properti ) . if custom doe not remov or eras custom compon and it other properti within such period , ibm ha the option to : move ani and all custom compon and other custom properti to storag and charg custom all associ costs; liquid custom compon and other custom properti in ani reason manner and charg custom all associ costs; and eras all custom compon from server and disk space that ibm provid as base compon . 4.0 servic provid by ibm ip address servic ibm will provid the number of regist primari ip address specifi in attach b. of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 transit manag ibm will assign a transit manag to manag and overse the instal and integr of base and/or custom compon specifi in attach b and prepar for ongo oper . the project manag will : particip in a pre-board call with custom to review custom ’ s host environ and identifi inform need for installation; report instal statu to customer; schedul and conduct a board call with custom to confirm that instal of custom ’ s host environ is complet and that it is readi for use ( host servic readi date ) ; and be avail to assist custom with question and issu dure normal busi hour for the e-busi host center ( monday through friday , 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. , exclud nation holiday ) . steadi state support ibm will assign a project manag who will be a singl point of contact dure the ongo provis of servic to assist custom with implement of addit servic and resolut of problem . the account support repres will : notifi custom of plan or emerg e-busi host center maintenance; assist with chang requests; and be avail to assist custom with question and issu dure normal busi hour for the e-busi host center ( monday through friday , 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. , exclud nation holiday ) . manag segment ibm will provid a local area network connect that will enabl ibm to manag base and/or custom compon and provid other servic at the e-busi host center . ibm will implement a vlan and ani rout and switch configur within the ibm host infrastructur that is need to support a manag segment . 4.4.1 backup segment ibm will provid a gigabit local area network connect that will enabl ibm to manag the backup of the system imag and will also provid a san connect to manag the backup of custom data . ibm will implement a backup vlan and ani rout and switch configur within the ibm host infrastructur that is need to support a backup segment . internet connect ibm will provid a primari connect between the e-busi host center and the internet with internet commit bandwidth in increment of one ( 1 ) mbp as select by custom and specifi in attach b. custom will provis and manag all ssl certif . ibm will assign privat ip address for custom 's server at the e-busi host center . custom is respons for work with ibm dure the technic discoveri phase to ensur that these ip address do not pose ani conflict with custom 's exist ip address schema . dure the term ibm shall not chang the public ip address ( s ) assign to the custom without the custom ’ s prior written consent . custom ’ s data traffic between the ibm e-busi host center and the internet may exceed commit bandwidth , if capac is avail from the ibm e-busi host center network infrastructur . each calendar month , ibm will measur custom ’ s actual bandwidth usag by sampl the inbound and outbound data traffic volum between the ibm e-busi host center and the internet everi five ( 5 ) minut . at the end of the month , ibm will discard the five percent ( 5 ) of the sampl with the highest data traffic volum . custom ’ s “ peak bandwidth usag ” for that month is the remain sampl with the highest data traffic volum . if custom ’ s peak bandwidth usag for the month exce commit bandwidth , custom will incur a peak bandwidth usag charg , for the amount of usag that exce commit bandwidth , at the rate specifi in attach c. in addit , ibm will provid access to bandwidth util report through a custom access web portal . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 manag switch , firewal and load balanc ibm will provid the instal and ongo manag of switch , firewal and load balanc compon specifi in attach b. ibm will : instal the switch and firewal compon defin in attach b , implement switch and firewal set request by custom , and test one ( 1 ) path to each network interfac card ( includ secondari ) in each component; oper and provid support for all switch and firewal compon request in the attach b and monitor their avail 7x24 everi day of the year; provid on-cal technic support 7x24 everi day of the year for switch and firewal compon that may includ : assist with problem determination; reboot/power-on of fail switch and firewal compon and provid custom notification; and implement of chang to switch and firewal set request by custom . back up of customer-request switch and firewal set and the restor of set in the event of a failure; provid custom daili statu of firewal via a custom access ibm web portal; provid custom daili statu of their network via the custom access ibm web portal; ibm will assign privat ip address in the rang of 10.200.x.x for the privat network for compon server at the host facil . custom is respons for work with ibm dure the technic due dilig period to ensur that these ip address do not pose ani conflict with custom 's exist ip address schema; in case of a conflict , custom will provid network address translat ( nate ) for the ip address in conflict; and the ipsec tunnel for the vpn will be base on ipsec 3-de technolog . support the follow load balanc techniqu . the actual techniqu to be use for custom will be determin dure implement and document in the oper run book maintain by ibm . round robin ( default load balanc techniqu ) connect are distribut evenli across all member in the pool . ratio member - connect are sent to a member with a high ratio number more often than a member with a lower ratio number . node address - the total number of connect sent to a member in the pool is determin by the weight number you assign the node address . least connect member - connect are sent to the member with the least activ connect . node address - connect are sent to the node serv the least amount of connect . observ 0. member - connect are sent to a member base on a combin of the number of current connect and the respons time of the member . the load balanc analyz the perform of the member over time and send connect to the member base on the trend . . node address - connect are sent to a node base on a combin of the number of current connect and the respons time of the node. the load balanc analyz the perform of the node over time and send connect to the node base on the trend . 2. predict 3. member - connect are sent to a member base on a combin of the number of current connect and the respons time of the member over time . 4. node address - connect are sent to a node base on a combin of the number of current connect and the respons time of the node over time . 5. fastest node address - connect are sent to the node that respond most quickli . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 secur manag the secur manag specifi in thi section are includ as part of the switch & firewal servic specifi abov . ibm will : be respons for day-to-day logic secur manag for the firewal ( s ) , switch and server dedic to custom ’ s e-busi host environment; assist in logic connect ( at osi layer 3 ) custom network to the ibm manag network onli when the connect is specif identifi and agre to in advanc by both parti in writing; implement and administ technic and procedur control to prevent unauthor , logic access; report incid of secur breach or suspect secur breach to customer; replac softwar vendor-suppli default password set with uniqu secur passwords; implement network intrus detection/ev log mechanisms; host base intrus for an addit fee , if request by customer; perform regular vulner scan of instal base compon softwar for : known/report compon vulner avail secur patches/fixes; includ firewal and all ip enabl devic in the network both insid as well as outsid the firewall; scan extern connect to the custom 's environment; scan the intern connect to the custom 's servers; scan the connect to the supplier manag and backup segments; updat list of common vulner signatur weekly; updat list of secur patch by devic and os weekly; perform weekli scan of all ip enabl devices; 0. post weekli except report to the custom access web portal; . recommend correct action; 2. notifi custom of all critic vulner discov dure the scan; 3. notifi custom of all repeat vulner that have not been correct or acknowledg by the customer; 4. outag caus by custom not approv supplier recommend vulner fix will not be elig for sla . 5. known/report compon vulnerabilities; and 6. instal avail secur patches/fix at the earliest opportun afford by the chang control process; instal avail secur patches/fix use the chang control process , as approv by the custom in writing; establish rule for password select and control , for exampl : password must be robust and not increment , easili discern , and chang on regular interv such as 90 days; user id / password should be disabl after a predefin number of unsuccess access attempt or after a period of prolong inactivity; if support by the oper system/appl , the softwar should enforc password syntax and chang interval; defin and implement clear procedur for detect , record and report secur incid and issu . fulli manag server ibm will provid instal and ongo manag of server base and/or custom compon specifi ( as fulli manag server ) in attach b , 24x7 everyday of the year . follow instal and prior to ibm begin ongo manag , custom may request root access for a limit period of time , sole for the purpos of load and configur custom content . it is requir that the custom of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 will not modifi or chang ani of the administr area ( for exampl , unix / , /etc , /bin , /usr/sbin , or /var ) without written consent from ibm . ibm will not begin ongo server manag until custom return sole root access to ibm and ibm verifi that the environ is stabl and support . ibm will : instal the manag server request in a attach b includ infrastructur relat softwar object modul consist of a predefin combin of oper system , applic fix , select secur / viru patch for window base system , manag tool and agents; test network connect path to server compon request in a attach b; perform the oper event and predefin action for manag server request in a attach b; provid technic support , includ problem determin , for the devic hardwar and os . ibm will instal agent to monitor and report on onli the follow : network interfac up/down physic memori util processor util – overal disk space util os servic and/or daemon provid routin server administr for the manag server request in the applic attach a; perform one ( 1 ) weekli full and six ( 6 ) daili increment backup of system imag dure the schedul mainten window unless otherwis set forth in the applic attach a. the system imag will captur the inform necessari to be abl to perform a success singl step bare metal restor . provid retent in the ibm librari for weekli full backup of system imag for a period of fourteen ( 14 ) calendar day unless otherwis set forth in the applic attach b; restor system imag at no addit charg up to two ( 2 ) time per month per manag server per custom . thi exclud bare metal restores. bare metal restor may be perform for an addit charg use smarthand rate . provid offsit storag for weekli backup of system imag . such backup shall be sent offsit onc a week and be retain offsit for a period of twenty-eight ( 28 ) calendar day unless otherwis set forth in the applic attach b; provid daili statu of the state of the custom environ use a custom access ibm web portal; provid detail and a monthli summari of the threshold be monitor use a custom access ibm web portal; provid detail and a monthli summari of the util of manag server compon such as cpu , memori and disk . report will be provid use the custom access ibm web portal; provid detail of troubl ticket and their statu and action taken to resolv the troubl ticket use a custom access ibm web portal; identifi mainten releas for support o/ technolog outlin in attach d ( support technolog ) and provid assess and notif to customer; appli os mainten releas that are approv by ibm; identifi secur patches/hotfix for support o/ technolog outlin in attach d ( support technolog ) and , for critic patch , provid assess and notif to custom and the ibm pe and ibm pm within seventy-two ( 72 ) hour of releas from vendor; appli patch to the os that are approv by ibm or customer; and provid devic avail statist for manag server use a custom access ibm web portal . in addit , the follow will appli for manag server : when ibm own administr right , then follow instal and prior to ibm begin ongo manag , custom may request root access for a limit period of time , sole for the purpos of load and configur custom content . it is requir that the custom will not modifi or chang ani of the administr right ( e.g . linux / , /etc , /bin , /usr/sbin , /var , etc; microsoft local administr accounts/group , user right assign , system file/directori permiss , etc ) without written of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 consent from ibm . ibm will not begin ongo server manag until custom return sole root access to ibm and ibm verifi that the environ is stabl and support . when ibm own administr right , custom may request temporari administr right in write dure ongo manag . it is requir that the custom will not modifi or chang ani of the administr right ( e.g . linux / , /etc , /bin , /usr/sbin , /var , etc; microsoft local administr accounts/group , user right assign , system file/directori permiss , etc ) without written consent from ibm. dure thi period the sla will be suspend . if custom choos to own administr right , sla for those manag server will be suspend for the term of the attach b. ibm may request temporari administr right to deploy patch and other administr task . although there are no limit on the number of chang request , the number of emerg request will be limit to three ( 3 ) request per month , per custom at no addit charge. addit request shall be at the smarthand rate . custom must test their applic and approv the ibm appli mainten releas for their os such that the environ is alway within two mainten releas . all sla will be suspend and servic will be provid on a best effort basi for ani environ that doe not compli with thi requir . ibm will support the current releas ( “ n ” ) and the releas immedi preced the current releas ( “ n-1 ” ) of the oper system software. ibm and ibm will work jointli to determin when oper system and micro code upgrad and fix are appli . ibm will not : setup and maintain custom end users; instal , maintain or support custom applications; provid applic troubleshoot servic unless manag applic servic or t & m servic have been purchased; perform logic databas administration; and perform backup of custom content. such backup are provid as part of the storag servic as outlin in thi attach a . monitor of fulli manag server ibm will instal softwar compon to enabl monitor of the base and/or custom compon specifi in attach b. on a 24x7 everyday of the year basi , ibm will : monitor all network interfac card ( nic ) ; monitor select oper system threshold , log and processes; respond to except and alert . ibm will execut ani intern standard oper procedur ( sop ) or a reason sop provid by custom . addit , ibm will make the initi determin as to whether the issu fall within the operational/system/network area or is an applic issue; determin if there are patch avail for the os; appli patch to the os that are approv by ibm in writing; make the initi determin as to whether the issu fall within the operational/system/network area; immedi notifi the custom of sever 1 and 2 incidents; monitor for hardwar predict failur analysi alert when use ibm servers; and notifi custom in write when custom intervent or decis are requir . custom may request , in write , the grant of temporari administr right after the custom environ ha been turn over to ibm for monitor . ibm will not monitor the affect compon while custom ha administr right and ani sla provis will be suspend dure thi period . ibm will provid custom with inform on the web portal that show monitor statist that includ daili and histor inform ( maintain for a one ( 1 ) month period ) . these report will includ the util of the compon includ in the threshold monitor , such as cpu , memori and disk . monitor of the base and/or custom compon with associ alert will not be activ from ibm ’ s product monitor system until the custom product readi date . custom shall not be of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 elig for an avail credit until the first full calendar month follow the custom product readi date . basic monitor servic ( ping monitor ) ibm will provid basic ping monitor of the base and/or custom compon on a 24x7 everyday of the year basi . ibm will provid instal and ongo monitor for server and non-serv partial manag , monitor base and/or custom compon . custom will own administr right for the devic to be monitor . howev , ibm may request and will be grant temporari administr right in order to instal , setup , or maintain ani agent requir to perform the monitor . ibm reserv the right to adjust the threshold for ani monitor event in order to reduc the instanc of fals posit . custom will be notifi in of the chang . ibm reserv the right to take a basic monitor server offlin if it is deem by ibm to be a secur risk for the rest of the ibm environment. ibm will inform the custom , the ibm pe and the ibm pm of such action . ibm will : monitor all network interfac card ( nic ) ; request the temporari root access privileg from custom if requir provid custom with a user id and password to a secur portal for view of real-tim monitor statu and alert history; send an administr alert via electron mail to a customer-suppli address if a nic fail to respond to a ping; notifi custom in write when custom intervent or decis are requir . maintain and monitor system use to provid monitoring; test and appli patch to monitor system as needed; and provid monitor statist on the ibm web portal . ibm will not : respond to except and alerts; monitor ani hardwar , applic , databas , network , or oper system compon other than those specifi above; provid third-parti monitor agents; and provid ani report either in hard-copi or electron form other than what is avail through the custom portal . monitor of the base and/or custom compon with associ alert will not be activ from ibm ’ s product monitor system until the custom ’ s custom product readi date . custom shall not be elig for an avail credit until the first full calendar month follow the custom product readi date . in addit , the follow will appli for basic monitor servic : follow the initi instal , custom will be given root access to the base components; ibm will provid space , power and cool for the base and/or custom components; ibm will includ up to five ( 5 ) oper event per month; custom content backup is not includ in the base offer and can be provid at an addit cost; custom system imag backup is not includ in the base offer and can be provid at an addit cost; system administr is not includ in the base offering; patch manag is not includ in the base offering; the statu of all server base and/or custom compon base sole on the ping monitor of the network interfac card will be shown on the web portal and the custom will also be notified; and ibm will issu the ping command for each server base compon at least everi fifteen ( 15 ) minut . advanc monitor servic ibm will provid 24x7 advanc devic monitor of the server and non-serv base and/or custom compon . custom will own administr right for the devic to be monitor . howev , ibm may request and will be grant temporari administr right in order to instal , setup , or maintain nativ snmp agent as requir to perform the monitor . ibm reserv the right to adjust the threshold for ani monitor event in order to reduc the instanc of fals posit . custom will be notifi in of the chang . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 ibm will : monitor all network interfac card ( nic ) ; monitor the follow oper system metric : cpu utilization; memori and swap utilization; disk and filesystem utilization; monitor for hardwar predict failur analysi alert when use ibm servers; defin and set threshold for all monitor event base on industri standard best practices; provid custom with a user id and password to a secur portal for view of real-tim monitor statu and alert history; send an administr alert via electron mail to a customer-suppli address for all event that exceed the maximum allow threshold; notifi custom in write when custom intervent or decis are requir . maintain and monitor system use to provid monitoring; test and appli patch to monitor system as need ibm will not : respond to except and alerts; monitor ani applic , databas , network , or oper system compon other than those specifi above; provid third-parti monitor agents; provid ani report either in hard-copi or electron form other than what is avail through the custom portal . ibm will provid custom with inform on the ibm web portal that show monitor statist that includ daili and histor inform ( maintain for addit one ( 1 ) month period ) . these report will includ the util of the compon includ in the threshold monitor , such as cpu , memori and disk . thi histor inform may option , for an addit fee , includ one year of history. the report for iseri may be differ from those avail for other platform . monitor of the base and/or custom compon with associ alert will not be activ from ibm ’ s product monitor system until the custom ’ s custom product readi date . custom shall not be elig for an avail credit until the first full calendar month follow the custom product readi date . virtual server for microsoft window and linux os custom environ can consist of virtual as well as physic devic . for virtual server , ibm will provid the follow servic : servic defin under manag server in section 4.8 ( fulli manag servers; physic server need to oper a virtual server farm; all licens for virtual softwar and manag tool ( e.g . vmware esx3.0; vmotion and other as need ) ; capac manag for the physic server farm to ensur each virtual server ha resourc requir for oper as specifi in attach b; restart virtual machin in the event of a virtual or physic machin failure; and includ twenti ( 20 ) gb of virtual disk for os and applic code for each virtual server . storag servic - manag san fabric ibm will provid instal , configur , ongo system administr and manag support servic for the san fabric base and/or custom compon ( “ san fabric ” ) identifi in attach b at the e-busi host center . ibm will zone the san switch as necessari for secur . ibm retain sole root/administr access ( privileg access with author to perform system-level function or secur administr ) in order to perform instal and ongo manag servic for the san fabric . the follow item appli to the san fabric : of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 the manag server will be connect to the san storag via multipl connect to the san switch use two or more hba for redund in each server , as describ for each server in attach b. the storag backup media server will be connect to the san storag via redund connect to the san switch use two or more hba in each server . in the event that addit san switch are requir , custom will sign a new pcr for the addit san switch . manag san storag – “ share ” environ ibm will provid instal and ongo system administr and manag support servic for the share san storag devic compon specifi in attach b. disk space will be alloc by ibm base upon custom provid specif from a common pool of san storag . san switch with zone dedic to a custom and dedic lun will be use to secur implement individu data storag requir . manag san storag appli onli to custom data storag and exclud system imag . custom will be respons for popul the file and databas and for all custom content . ibm retain sole root/administr access ( privileg access with author to perform system-level function or secur administr ) in order to perform instal and ongo manag servic for san storag . the follow item appli to the san storag share environ : manag server will be connect to the san storag via redund connect to differ san switch use two ( 2 ) or more hba in each server; the storag backup media server will be connect to the san storag via redund connect to the san switch use two or more hba in each server; and if addit san storag capac is requir , custom will sign a project chang request for addit san capac . virtual privat network ibm will configur and manag the number of vpn identifi in attach b. the vpn will consist of an ipsec tunnel base on 3- de shaw technolog in the firewal at the e-busi host center . ibm will configur and manag the vpn tunnel at the e-busi host center . custom will configur and manag a correspond ipsec tunnel base on 3-de shaw technolog at custom ’ s locat . the ipsec connect will be from specifi devic at custom ’ s site to specifi devic at the e-busi host center as defin by custom . physic databas administr ( microsoft sql ) ibm will provid physic and oper databas administr support for micorsoft sql , databas softwar ( “ databas softwar ” ) for the number of base compon databas server with the databas softwar specifi in attach b ( “ databas administr server ” ) . custom will provid all databas softwar , and ani requir licens , as a custom compon . ibm will instal databas softwar on the databas administr server . ibm will provid four ( 4 ) hour of databas setup support for each of the databas administr server . each month ibm will provid four ( 4 ) hour of databas administr support for each of the databas administr server . addit hourli databas administr and setup support charg will be at the addit hourli support rate specifi in attach c , unless otherwis specifi in a project chang request between custom and ibm . ibm will not provid physic or logic data base administr for mysql . custom care ibm will provid a toll free number ( insid the us ) to receiv problem notif and servic request 7x24 each day of the year from author custom repres regard servic provid under thi agreement . custom repres shall be identifi via email to the ibm project manag . chang or addit to the custom repres will also be made to the ibm project manag via email . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 ill assign the follow prioriti level to each report problem as list in the tabl below : sever 1 – critic impact problem that make the custom environ unavail or degrad to a level where custom is unabl to conduct busi . sever 2 – major impact. custom is abl to conduct busi but a function or servic is not avail . sever 3 – minor impact. the custom environ is not serious affect . sever 4 – no impact. short come , dissatisfact , or question . emerg – abil to conduct busi is not be affect , howev due to other busi drive decis , the request need to be treat as a sever 1. ibm will : attempt to resolv on the first call servic request such as password reset for administr id ’ s , access control for author custom repres follow the mutual agre process and start and stop of servic . document custom or ibm intern gener call identif data in their custom care ( technic support ) system . provid monthli report show servic request , resolut , call age data , and other call report inform within ten ( 10 ) busi day from the end of the calendar month. the report will be provid via the web portal . direct custom call , as appropri , to an ibm technic specialist , coordin problem determin , attempt resolut , perform root caus analysi , make ticket histori avail via the web portal and log and track call to closur . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 will assign the follow prioriti level and respond to each report problem as shown in the follow tabl : sever initi commun recur commun commun content 1 – critic impact ibm provid notif within 15 minut of a confirm outag . ibm support is avail 24 x 7 for the durat of the outag . on-sit support at ibm host facil within four ( 4 ) hour when ibm on-sit support is request by custom . · current statu · estim resolut time · next activ plan 2 – major impact ibm provid notif within 30 minut of a confirm outag . ibm support is avail 24 x 7 for the durat of the outag . · current statu · estim resolut time · next activ plan 3 – minor impact ibm provid notif within 1 hour of a confirm outag . ibm support is avail 24 x 7 for the durat of the outag . · current statu · estim resolut time · next activ plan 4 – no impact or a question ibm provid notif within 24 hour . ibm support is avail 24 x 7 for the durat of the outag . · current statu · estim resolut time · next activ plan emerg ibm provid notif within 15 minut of a confirm outag ibm support is avail 24 x 7 for the durat of the outag . each custom is onli allow three ( 3 ) emerg request per month . · current statu · estim resolut time · next activ plan custom is allow up to three ( 3 ) emerg request per month at no addit charg . addit emerg request will be charg at the addit hourli support rate specifi in attach c. reloc of manag host servic in the event that ibm determin that it is necessari to reloc manag host servic within the same or to anoth e-busi host center , custom will cooper in good faith with ibm to facilit such reloc , provid that such reloc is base on reason busi need of ibm ( includ the need of other ibm custom ) , or the expans of the space requir of custom . ibm will use commerci reason effort , in cooper with custom , to minim ani interrupt to servic in the event of such reloc . secur oblig ibm will : implement firewal set and other secur paramet as defin by custom and accept by ibm; administ firewal specifi in attach b; perform nightli memori and file system anti-viru scan and instal viru signatur definit file updat , as avail , for base compon and custom compon with window oper systems; perform regular scan of commonli use tcp and udp port , on base and/or custom compon to attempt to detect port and servic that may be vulner to intrus . ibm will of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 use reason effort to inform custom of intrus vulner detect , and schedul and appli chang to secur set agre to by custom to attempt to mitig vulner . ibm make no represent or warranti that ibm ’ s monitor or analysi procedur will identifi all intrus custom may encounter; perform monthli secur paramet statu check and identifi when secur check find paramet statu to be differ from what wa origin established; and author root access , administr access or their equival for base compon to ibm-design personnel onli . custom must compli and ensur ani custom subcontractor compli with the follow secur oblig . custom will : author ibm to perform the servic describ abov in item a. of secur obligations; provid firewal set requir ( port , filter , and traffic direct ) to ibm and provid the number of node requir for ibm to perform firewal administration; provid ibm with secur paramet and set . secur paramet and set will be use for monthli secur statu check and are subject to ibm ’ s review and acceptance; not access or attempt to access ibm ’ s secur intern network or the resourc or inform of other ibm customers; when perform ani technic secur integr review , penetr test , or vulner scan of base compon or custom compon : ) onli test , scan or review the ip address suppli by ibm to custom that are part of the services; ) onli test , scan , or review custom dedic base compon and custom components; ) provid ibm at least one week ’ s prior written notic of the date and time of the review; ) provid the sourc ip address inform and review contact inform to ibm; ) not perform such review more than onc per calendar quarter; and not perform or simul denial-of-servic attacks; not administ or creat privileg user id ( user id have system or secur administr author ) at the base oper system level or on subsystem manag by ibm; and not disclos ani inform aris out of ibm or custom scan of base compon or custom compon to ani other entiti without ibm 's prior written consent . ibm strongli recommend that custom and ani custom subcontractor compli with the secur guidelin list below , but custom may deviat from such guidelin after prior written notic to ibm . ibm will have no liabil for ani damag aris out of custom ’ s or custom ’ s subcontractor ’ deviat from ani or all of the follow guidelin : not use base compon or custom compon as a relay to provid internet access at custom locations; initi connect from base compon or custom compon to custom premis equip use either caller id or challeng handshak authent protocol ( chap ) ; onli initi traffic flow from more secur to less secur network ( i.e. , from the custom secur network to the e-busi host environ ) ; access server in the e-busi host environ from custom ’ s premis by establish a one way trust relationship with password when use windows; not initi nf traffic through the internet access firewall; onli use nf within a singl layer , mean nf traffic will not cross firewal and the server will be in the same vlan; not place nf export file in the same file structur use for system file and execut file in custom components; when creat cgi program , such program will : ) valid input to construct a command line . the input charact string will have to be valid to ensur that it doe not trigger an undesir system respons includ the abil to chang file permissions; ) do not run in privileg mode; of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 ) do not creat file in ani system-rel directory; ) do not need to be store in ani directori other than a design cgi-bin directori or requir the interpret be store in the cgi-bin directory; and ) do not creat buffer overflow condit or other problem that could expos the server to unauthor access; not initi inbound icmp echo request or repli from the internet to the base compon or custom compon and outbound icmp echo repli or icmp repli for tracerout from the base compon or custom compon to the internet unless custom provid ibm with sourc ip addresses; and 0. not initi snmp traffic from custom premis to the e-busi host environ . technic due dilig period a two ( 2 ) week technic due dilig period commenc within two ( 2 ) week follow the execut of thi agreement is requir . dure thi technic due dilig period custom and ibm technic team will work togeth and determin more specif detail regard configur , network , firewal , server , san , backup and monitor instal , configur and manag detail , set , rule , and the schedul and threshold to be monitor . ani chang as a result of the technic due dilig period will be handl as follow : ani delay in the procur of equip will be document in the project plan by the ibm project manag and commun to custom in a time manner . ani delay in the schedul will be document in the project plan by the ibm project manag and commun to custom in a time manner; and ibm and custom will use the pcr process to make ani chang to thi agreement as a result of thi technic due dilig period . chang may result in adjust to price . servic level agreement ibm will provid an avail servic level agreement ( “ server avail sla ” ) for qualifi server base on the applic sla target percentag ( as such term are defin below ) . the first devic in the path to the qualifi server must be an ibm manag devic , and the server avail sla appli up through and includ the last ibm manag server . definit the follow definit appli to thi server avail sla : “ actual avail minut ( aam ) ” mean the total avail minut minu minut of qualifi outag . avail credit ” mean an amount equal to five percent ( 5 ) of monthli recur charg for manag host servic . such credit are avail when the servic provid for the affect devic are less than the monthli avail percentag . “ ibm manag devic ” mean a base compon locat in an ibm e-busi host center for which ibm is perform manag respons . for server , onli the server identifi as fulli manag server in exhibit a are consid an ibm manag devic . “ monthli avail percentag ” mean the amount equal to the total number of minut in the applic month minu the qualifi outag minut for that month , divid by the total number of minut in that month . “ monthli recur charg ” mean the total of custom ’ s monthli recur charg . “ outag ” mean the period ( measur in whole minut ) from the time indic in a troubl ticket ( when the outag wa report to ibm ) to the outag end time base upon the problem resolut ( as reflect in the troubl ticket call record ) . for cluster devic , all of the devic in the cluster must not be avail for use by custom . “ qualifi server ” mean the ibm manag server that ha been select by custom and approv by ibm . “ qualifi outag minut ” mean the aggreg of all outag in a month , minu ani outag in that month result from ani exclus describ in section 8.6 below . “ sla target percentag ” mean the servic level defin in 8.2 ( servic level ) . “ unqualifi outag ( s ) ” mean an outag ( s ) that can be attribut to the list avail exclus as set forth in section 8.6 ( exclus ) . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 servic level ibm will provid the follow monthli avail servic level agreement ( “ sla ” ) for the servic provid by ibm : for manag devic and manag server ( includ firewal ( s ) and switch ) that are not cluster or configur in a high avail configur , the sla is a minimum of 99.7 percent . for manag devic and manag server ( includ firewal ( s ) and switch ) that are cluster or configur in a high avail configur , the sla is a minimum of 99.9 percent . for manag applic solut ( includ firewal ( s ) and switch ) that are cluster or configur in a high avail configur , the sla is a minimum of 98.0 percent . for manag applic solut ( includ firewal ( s ) and switch ) that is not cluster or configur in a high avail configur , the sla is a minimum of 99.5 percent . for basic monitor servic the sla is a minimum of 99.9 percent applic onli for the core infrastructur compon ( includ power , cool , internet connect , firewal , load balanc , ssl acceler , network intrus detect , vlan segment , switch , vpn connect at the host center , and all relat connect ) . for advanc monitor servic the sla is a minimum of 99.9 percent applic onli for the core infrastructur compon ( includ power , cool , internet connect , firewal , load balanc , ssl acceler , network intrus detect , vlan segment , switch , vpn connect at the host center , and all relat connect ) . avail credit if in ani month dure the term of manag host servic the monthli avail percentag for a qualifi server is less than the sla target percentag for that qualifi server , custom shall be elig to receiv an avail credit , subject to section 8.3 ( b ) , 8.4 , 8.5 , 8.6 and 8.7. if in ani month dure the term of manag host servic the monthli avail percentag for basic monitor or advanc monitor servic is less than the sla target percentag for basic monitor or advanc monitor servic , custom shall be elig to receiv an avail credit , subject to section 8.3 ( b ) , 8.4 , 8.5 , 8.6 and 8.7. custom agre to contact the ibm help desk to report problem and open troubl ticket that reflect the start time of the outag event . settlement of credit avail credit will be aggreg on a quarterli basi and settl by the last day of the first month follow the end of the quarter in which such avail credit were earn . ( for exampl , the aggreg avail credit earn in the first quarter 2007 will be appli against monthli recur charg for servic the custom incur in the april 2007 invoic . ) ani avail credit owe from ibm to custom upon the expir or termin of the servic will be paid within one ( 1 ) month follow the effect date of expir or termin . if the monthli recur charg for a subject month ha not been incur , or for ani other reason ha been credit or waiv , custom shall not be elig for an avail credit for that month . custom shall receiv no more than five percent ( 5 ) of custom ’ s monthli recur charg for manag host servic as an avail credit in a given month . commenc of servic level agreement ibm will exercis commerci reason effort to meet the sla target percentag . notwithstand the forego , custom shall not be elig for an avail credit until the first full calendar month follow the host servic readi date . exclus of remedi custom agre that it sole remedi for ibm ’ s failur to meet an sla target percentag is the avail credit as provid in thi attach . exclus ibm is not respons for ani outag outsid of it control , includ but not limit to , the follow exampl : period of schedul or emerg mainten activ or schedul outage; outag due to problem with custom provid content or program error includ , but not limit to , content instal and integration; of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 outag due to system administr , command , file transfer perform by custom representatives; outag due to work perform at custom request ( for exampl t & m assist ) ; other activ custom direct , denial of servic attack , natur disast , chang result from govern , polit , or other regulatori action or court order , strike or labor disput , act of civil disobedi , act of war , act against parti ( includ carrier and ibm ’ s other vendor ) , and other forc majeur items; lack of avail or untim respons time of custom to respond to incid that requir it particip for sourc identif and/or resolut , includ meet custom respons for ani prerequisit services; outag due to custom breach of it materi oblig under the base terms; outag caus by custom content or custom initi patches; outag caus by custom not approv appli ibm recommend os patches; outag caus by the custom not approv appli of os mainten releases; period where the custom may have been grant system administr rights; custom deni ibm recommend softwar patch , hardwar and/or os changes; . outag due to failur of non-ibm manag custom compon hardwar or software; power outag caus by custom not provid dual power equipment; power outag caus by improperli configur power supplies; power outag caus by incorrectli connect power supplies; power outag caus by custom configur and manag equip that result in over util of power circuits; and custom ’ s perform of ani technic secur integr review , penetr test , or vulner scan pursuant to secur oblig set forth herein . open sourc softwar addit term if request by custom , ibm will procur red hat linux softwar on behalf of custom . the red hat softwar will be provid as a custom compon ( “ custom compon linux softwar ” ) licens by red hat , inc. ( “ red hat '' ) to custom under red hat 's subscript agreement ( access at http : //www.redhat.com/licens ) . custom agre to the term and condit of red hat 's subscript agreement and agre that red hat 's subscript agreement for the custom compon linux softwar shall be between red hat and customer. the linux oper system custom compon softwar will be ship to custom , not ibm . ibm is not a parti to such licens . ibm ’ s provis of servic hereund shall not constitut a distribut of the custom compon linux softwar by ibm . if request by custom , ibm will instal custom compon linux softwar '' as is '' and make no represent or warranti , either express or impli , with respect to the custom compon linux softwar or ani open sourc softwar and doe not indemnifi against ani claim that custom compon linux softwar or ani open sourc softwar infring a third parti 's intellectu properti right . under no circumst shall ibm be liabl for ani damag aris out of custom ’ s use of the custom compon linux softwar or ani open sourc softwar . custom receiv no express or impli patent or other licens from ibm with respect to the custom compon linux softwar or ani open sourc softwar . custom and ibm agre that ani modif or creation of deriv work of linux or open sourc softwar is outsid the scope of thi agreement . linux and ani other open sourc softwar ( “ oss ” ) , includ patch , fix , and updat , which ibm instal , configur , updat , oper or otherwis assist in procur on custom ’ s behalf as a result of provid servic under thi agreement are licens and distribut to you by linux and oss distributor and/or respect copyright and other right holder , includ red hat , inc. ( `` right holder '' ) under the right holder ' term and condit . ibm is neither a parti to the right holder ' term and condit nor a distributor of linux or oss and mere doe the work describ in thi agreement on your behalf upon your specif . you receiv no express or impli patent or other licens from ibm with respect to linux or ani oss . ibm instal linux and oss '' as is '' and make no represent or warranti , either express or impli , with respect to linux or oss , and doe not indemnifi against ani claim that linux or oss infring a third parti 's intellectu properti right . under no circumst shall ibm be liabl for ani damag aris out of your use of linux or oss . of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 both of us agre that ani modif or creation of deriv work of linux or oss is outsid the scope of thi agreement . respons of ibm and custom overal – ( with physic databas administr support ) respons ibm custom - instal - design an individu to whom all of ibm ’ s commun will be address and who ha the author to act and make decis for custom in all aspect of the servic , includ request chang , problem resolut , servic request , assign of custom focal point with author over specif servic , and design of custom author repres ( “ custom contact ” ) perform design an individu to whom custom will address commun specif to the provis of the servic . ibm ’ s call manag center may be the ibm contact for some servic ( “ ibm contact ” ) perform assign author repres with appropri function knowledg and technic skill who may submit problem or servic request to the ibm call manag center by call an ibm-provid toll-fre telephon number or by e- mail perform perform the instal activ specifi herein perform regist domain name with an accredit domain name registrar and pay all charg associ with such registr perform instal custom applic perform perform physic dba task to instal and configur the databas ( s ) perform perform all logic dba task to instal and configur the databas perform provid backup and restor requir to ibm perform perform necessari physic databas administr task to prepar custom databas ( s ) for backup perform perform necessari logic databas administr task to prepar custom databas for backup perform provid e-mail address for custom notif of threshold exceed or process except perform procur base compon specifi in attach b perform notifi custom when ibm instal activ are complet ( host servic readi date ) perform provis all ssl certif perform inform ibm in write within five ( 5 ) busi day follow ibm ’ s notif of the complet of ibm instal activ , if custom believ ibm ha not satisfactorili complet ibm instal activ perform - ongo manag and support - provid the ongo servic specifi herein perform provid ongo administr , tailor , monitor , or mainten of custom applic perform provid first level of support for problem with custom compon and transfer problem relat to ibm ’ s respons to the ibm call manag center perform assist ibm in the investig of problem , to the extent such investig involv custom ’ s or it subcontractor ’ respons , and exercis commerci reason effort to resolv problem relat to such respons perform provid ongo physic databas administr for the databas ( s ) perform provid ongo logic databas administr perform perform the ibm secur oblig specifi herein perform perform the custom secur oblig specifi herein perform of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 updat base and/or custom compon with applic fix ( patch , hotfix , program temporari fix and servic pack ) as determin by ibm perform maintain respons for all labor and expens associ with full version oper system softwar upgrad ( to be elig for continu servic , the oper system version run on the manag server must be one current support by the manufactur of that oper system ) perform maintain copi of critic content and establish a procedur to recov such content without resort to the e-busi host environ or servic perform manag all ssl certif perform server respons ibm custom - instal , configur and setup for fulli manag server rack and stack and cabl the equip perform procur and instal base compon perform provis cabinet space perform provis addit power perform creat network diagram perform assign public and privat ip address perform provis internet bandwidth perform procur licens for backup tool and agent perform load cd , if request by custom perform configur ip address on the server perform perform connect test of base and/or custom compon perform identifi the predefin event that will be monitor perform configur threshold defin by custom perform instal and configur monitor tool perform instal and configur client for the monitor tool perform perform readi test , includ test the flow of alert perform enabl switch monitor perform notifi custom when instal activ are complet perform - ongo manag and support for fulli manag server - perform 7 x 24 each day of the year monitor of the manag server for action and event perform maintain requir document for server manag and oper perform research os patch perform provid problem determin and correct measur and support for alert and predefin error event and threshold perform use reason effort to updat base and/or custom compon with applic fix approv by the custom perform load cd if request by custom perform call ibm servic if need perform assist ibm in the investig of problem with the servic to the extent such investig involv custom 's or it subcontractor ' respons perform monthli report of threshold be measur perform perform root caus analysi for problem relat to the equip or servic be provid by ibm perform of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 share or dedic san storag respons ibm custom - instal , configur and setup - instal san configur and manag consol and agent on the san storag perform provid ibm with disk configur specif ( folder , directori , quorum disk layout , disk space size , and raid level ) perform configur server hba for access to the san storag perform instal the san devic perform connect the san storag devic to the san switch and to the administr segment perform defin storag partit perform configur the san storag per custom provid specif perform provid document which detail the instal paramet for the server and san storag base and/or custom compon perform document san storag configur perform test san storag function perform perform connect test of the san storag perform perform qualiti assur review on all oper and administr support procedur perform identifi the predefin action and event ( the “ action and event ” ) ibm will perform on the san storag perform - ongo manag and support - maintain requir document for the san storag manag and oper perform perform 7x24 everyday of the year monitor of the manag san storag for action and event perform provid problem determin and correct measur support for action and event perform realloc san base lun to differ system and server ( for exampl : rezon , import , recognit , and file system remount ) , as request by custom . perform assist ibm in the investig of problem with the servic to the extent such investig involv custom ’ s or it subcontractor ’ respons perform of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 backup , restor and offsit data storag respons ibm custom - instal , configur and setup - instal select base compon , includ extern cabl connect and storag server perform connect the tape librari to the design backup media server perform document the tape librari and backup media server configur and setup paramet perform test hardwar function perform notifi ibm of ani specif procedur requir for backup of custom data file and the schedul backup window perform creation and document of custom backup and restor procedur perform provid list of file to be back up perform identifi and maintain list of custom design data file to be backup up perform instal and configur the storag manag softwar provid by ibm perform verifi that the storag manag softwar is instal and configur properli perform instal backup softwar client perform configur backup softwar client on os instanc perform perform a test backup of the system by initi a backup of custom design data file perform - ongo manag and support - maintain requir document for server manag and oper perform assist ibm in the investig of problem with the servic to the extent such investig involv custom 's or it subcontractor ' respons perform perform daili increment backup perform perform weekli full system backup perform keep daili backup in the librari for seven ( 7 ) day backup ( actual backup , retent and rotat schedul to be determin by custom and ibm ) perform creat a copi on tape of the weekli full system backup tape and send offsit for storag with thirti ( 30 ) day retent perform examin backup log for result of daili backup activ perform take action to allevi alert and error messag dure the backup perform call the ibm help desk to request a take to be restor from the librari or from offsit storag . perform indic if the offsit storag recal is an emerg request to be fulfil within six ( 6 ) hour ( addit charg may appli ) perform identifi data file name and version requir restor perform initi obtain of the tape ( s ) from offsit storag , if necessari perform initi restor of custom design back up file as request perform perform root caus analysi for problem perform of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 switch and firewal respons ibm custom - instal , configur and setup - configur the local vlan perform specifi switch and firewal set specif to the applic perform configur vlan and zone for the san switch perform configur firewal set perform test a singl path to switch and firewal base and/or custom compon perform enabl switch and firewal monitor perform - ongo manag and support - oper and monitor avail of the switch and firewal 7x24 each day of the year perform assist ibm in the investig of problem with the servic to the extent such investig involv ibm ’ s , custom ’ s or it subcontractor ’ respons perform request chang to switch and firewal set perform administ chang to switch and firewal perform perform monthli patch scan on server that may be vulner to intrus or need hot fix appli perform inform custom of hot fix and vulner detect and use reason effort to schedul and appli chang to set , as need perform backup customer-specifi switch and firewal set and restor set in the event of a failur perform physic databas administr ( microsoft sql ) ibm custom - implement - provid custom with databas survey to gather support requir perform complet databas survey perform acquisit of licens for databas softwar perform configur of databas softwar in accord with custom requir as provid in the databas survey perform assist instal and configur of applic softwar and content perform provid document specifi the applic directori structur , and/or databas structur includ tabl definit , indic and tabl space perform establish connect between databas instanc and data server and notifi custom when databas softwar is readi for use by custom perform creat directori structur and/or execut databas definit perform enabl the applic function , onc instal and configur , to work with the databas softwar and custom ’ s host environ assist perform establish standard databas avail monitor to assess the avail of databas compon perform provid document for applic and databas compon to be monitor for avail perform acquir ani necessari certif or key necessari for authent function associ with the databas softwar perform instal ani certif or key provid by custom necessari for authent function associ with the databas softwar perform retain control and manag of the databas softwar support/administr ids/object owner id perform - ongo manag and support - of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 provid applic softwar troubleshoot , problem determin , and problem resolut . note , where the applic softwar is third parti softwar , ibm ’ s respons will be limit to coordin with the applic vendor and manag such vendor resolut . perform provid system softwar troubleshoot , problem determin , and problem resolut perform assist custom with databas softwar in problem determin of applic problem and notifi custom onc a problem is suspect to be an applic problem perform assist provid databas troubleshoot and problem determin perform contact appropri ibm support organ for all databas relat problem after problem ha been record in the problem manag system with key problem- relat data by ibm ’ s call manag center perform determin backup/recoveri plan perform implement backup/recoveri plan to allow point in time recoveri or version recoveri as determin by custom perform assist provid application-level assist in problem determin of databas softwar problem perform assist custom in applic problem resolut through the implement of databas chang requir by custom perform assist appli fix , ptf and patch provid by custom to correct databas problem , as necessari , within the framework of the project chang control procedur perform instal databas softwar minor releas upgrad for an alreadi instal version of each databas product use the ibm standard chang control procedur ( “ minor releas upgrad ” is ani chang in the releas number to the right of the point by the softwar manufactur – e.g . : x.i ) perform provid ani code promot for applic softwar code and all content updat perform instal applic softwar configur chang , upgrad and patch , and ani updat to content . notifi ibm of ani requir databas configur chang need as a result of the chang , upgrad and patch , and/or updat perform instal system softwar configur chang , upgrad and patch , and updat . perform implement ani requir databas configur chang base on custom ’ s recommend perform provid all end user support includ administr of applic user id and group and end user password reset perform provid requir for prune , rotat and/or archiv of ani applic and databas log file perform implement ani requir prune , rotat and/or archiv of ani applic and databas log file perform provid document for perform relat parameter/configur set perform implement initi databas perform tune and provid addit perform tune base on analysi of perform metric provid by custom perform assist provid document on perform metric and perform result that the applic and databas should be measur against , includ ani necessari tool and/or script to collect perform data perform implement autom perform monitor and data collect perform assist monitor databas softwar compon for avail and/or their presenc in memori ( up/down statu ) perform assist custom in test effort and monitor of customer-provid perform tool and metric to determin if environ is properli tune perform assist collect of perform and capac data as provid by custom ’ s applic ( s ) softwar assist perform implement perform enhanc to the specif databas softwar base on document tune paramet and procedur suppli by custom and specif to custom applic ( s ) perform collect of perform and capac data as provid by system softwar perform notifi ibm within fifteen ( 15 ) minut of a suspect a databas softwar compon problem perform monitor applic health and avail and function test of applic perform establish ibm as singl point of contact with databas softwar manufactur perform procur and keep current servic contract with the databas softwar manufactur for 24x7 mainten and support includ upgrad and updates/fix . ibm will be name as a primari contact in the servic agreement ( s ) perform of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 provid the appropri support inform for custom contact and databas softwar manufactur support contact ( id , contact name , telephon number , licens number , etc . ) perform implement of ani databas softwar product major version upgrad ( “ major version upgrad ” is ani chang in the version number to the left of the point by the softwar manufactur - e.g . : x.i ) perform establish singl point of contact with applic softwar vendor perform attach b – host compon part i – ibm provid infrastructur e-busi host center : atlanta internet bandwidth internet access commit bandwidth 3 mbp number of regist ip address virtual firewal quantiti model cisco virtual firewal failov configur ye number ipsec vpn tunnel to be set up at the ibm data center ( custom to set up and manag the correspond vpn tunnel at their site ) virtual firewal switch port and vpn tunnel quantiti of pair of activ / passiv virtual firewal virtual firewal and switch port for virtual server , includ firewal port addit remot client for vpn session addit site-to-sit vpn tunnel privat dedic backend connect of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 part ii - ibm- manag base compon server base compon e-busi host center : atlanta fulli manag server base compon server quantiti model x3650 processor 2 x dual-cor intel xeon processor x5260 ( 3.33ghz 6mb 1333mhz 80w ) memori 8 gb local disk drive · 2 x 73 gb disk for os use for os , not custom data os linux redhat as san connect ? no na connect ? no fulli manag ? ye administr right own by ibm dure steadi state ? ye quantiti model x3850 processor 2 slot , 4x 3 ghz cpu memori 8 gb local disk drive · 3 x 73 gb 2.5 '' disk- 2 os + 1 hot spare os win2003 ( qti 6 ) , linux redhat as ( qti 4 ) . san connect ? ye na connect ? no fulli manag ? ye administr right own by ibm dure steadi state ? ye san fabric and san storag base compon – share environ san fabric number of server connect to the san number of san switch port san storag base compon – share environ san storag - share amount of usabl space to be alloc , in gb 1600 gb raid level raid5 ( standard ) of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 part iii - custom compon custom will provid all content and all compon not specifi as ibm provid infrastructur or ibm provid base compon in part i or part ii of thi attach b. of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009 attach c – charg one-tim charg one-tim charg for manag host servic of 81,217.00 will be invoic in januari 2009 and payabl in accord with section 5.2 payment . monthli recur charg monthli recur charg for manag host servic of 37,000.00 will begin on the host servic readi date and may be prorat base on the date dure the month that manag host servic commenc , chang , or end . usag charg addit hourli support oper assist per hour 89.10 smarthand ( system administr and technic assist ) per hour 188.02 oper dba per hour; ms sql 204.37 charg for addit hourli support request by custom , if ani , ( support that is outsid the scope of servic includ in the monthli recur charg specifi abov ) will be due as incur . ibm will charg for addit hourli support in fifteen ( 15 ) minut increment . b. peak bandwidth usag peak bandwidth usag charg for data traffic in excess of commit bandwidth are due as incur . ibm will determin peak bandwidth usag charg each month by subtract the commit bandwidth from the peak bandwidth usag for that month and multipli the differ by the peak bandwidth usag rate of 147.14.00 per mbp . c. smarthand hourli support charg for smarthand hourli support request by custom , if ani , will be due as incur . ibm will charg for smarthand hourli support in fifteen ( 15 ) minut increment . d. addit hourli databas support charg for addit hourli databas support ( “ addit hourli databas support ” ) request by custom , if ani , ( databas support that is outsid the scope of databas support hour includ in the monthli recur charg ) will be due as incur . ibm will charg for addit hourli databas support in fifteen ( 15 ) minut increment . termin charg in the event the custom elect to termin thi agreement , or ani portion of the servic describ herein , for conveni , custom will pay the applic termin charg as set forth in the tabl below . 3-year ( thirti six ( 36 ) month ) term : for termin : for ani termin servic , custom will be charg : prior to first anniversari of the host servic readi date four ( 4 ) month ’ applic recur monthli charg plu ani unpaid one time charg from the first anniversari of the host servic readi date and prior to the second anniversari of the host servic readi date three ( 3 ) month ’ applic recur monthli charg from the second anniversari of the host servic readi date and prior to the expir of thi agreement two ( 2 ) month ’ s applic recur monthli charg of 36 sourc : quantum group inc /fl , 8-k , 1/20/2009