exhibit 99.1 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” mobil virtual network enabl host agreement between t-mobil netherland b.v. & eleph talk commun hold ag sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 tabl of content 1. definit 2. purpos and scope of the agreement 3. host servic 4. implement 5. forecast & commit 6. servic level 7. data protect & privaci 8. the co-oper relationship 9. price , charg , bill & account 10. custom care support 11. confidenti 12. limit of liabil 13. suspens and termin of host servic 14. forc majeur 15. intellectu properti right 16. sim card and call credit 17. durat of the agreement 18. termin of the agreement 19. modif 20. miscellan 21. govern law 22. disput resolut 23. counterpart sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 mobil virtualnetwork enabl host agreement by and between eleph talk and t-mobil ( t-mobil host eleph talk ) thi agreement is made between “ eleph talk commun hold ag ” , a compani incorpor under the law of switzerland , have it regist offic at baarerstrass 135 , ch-6301 zug , switzerland , legal and duli repres by it chief execut offic steven van der velden and it chief oper offic and chief technolog offic martin zuurbier , hereinaft refer to as : '' eleph talk '' and t-mobil netherland b.v. , a compani incorpor under the law of the netherland , have it regist offic at the waldorpstraat 60 , 2521 cc den haag , the netherland , legal and duli repres by it manag director niek jan van damm and it market director , bart weijermar , hereinaft refer to as : “ t-mobil ” each individu refer to as '' parti '' and togeth as '' parti '' . wherea : 1. eleph talk wish to becom a full mobil virtual network enabl ( hereinaft : “ mvne ” ) provid mobil telecommun servic to legal entiti partner with eleph talk to offer mobil servic in an ( enhanc ) servic provid model use the t- mobil network and the by t-mobil provid wholesal mobil network services; 2. t-mobil is a licens dutch mobil telecommun and servic provid oper inter alia it own gsm and umts/hsdpa mobil network in the netherland with relat basic servic and offer wholesal and retail mobil network servic and associ servic on the dutch market; 3. and eleph talk have conduct preliminari discuss and negoti lead to an initi understand on the basic busi principl of an envisag co-oper between and eleph talk , which ha been laid down in head of agreement between and eleph talk ; 4 . ; 5. in answer to the propos of and the addit to thi propos by t-mobil , eleph talk ha confirm by letter date novemb 30 , 2007 that it agre to be directli implement on the t-mobil network in order to the t-mobil network; 6. eleph talk therefor wish to obtain from t-mobil wholesal mobil network servic and associ servic and t-mobil is will to offer eleph talk such services; 7. follow the sign of the aforement head of agreement between and eleph talk , parti have continu their discuss and negoti with regard to their envisag co-oper and have reach agreement on the term and condit in that respect , which are laid down in thi agreement; now , therefor , the parti have agre as follow : sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 1. definit for the purpos of thi agreement , the follow word and phrase shall have the mean set forth in their respect definit , unless a differ mean is call for in the context of anoth provis in thi agreement : 1.1 '' affili compani '' of a parti shall mean ani other legal entiti : · directli or indirectli own or control the parti ( mother compani ) , or · under the direct or indirect ownership or control of the same legal entiti ( mother compani ) directli or indirectli own or control the parti , or · directli or indirectli own or control by the parti , for as long as such ownership or control last . `` ownership '' or '' control '' shall exist through the direct or indirect ownership of more than fifti ( 50 ) percent of the nomin valu of the issu equiti share capit or of more than fifti ( 50 ) percent of the share entitl the holder to vote for the elect of director or person perform similar function . 1.2 '' agreement '' shall mean the mobil virtual network enabl ( mvne ) host agreement togeth with the appendic attach to thi mvne host agreement . 1.3 “ appendix '' and '' appendic '' shall mean the appendix or appendic attach to thi agreement . 1.4 “ busi day ” shall mean ani day other than saturday , sunday and dutch gener recogn public holiday . 1.5 '' calendar day '' shall mean ani day includ saturday , sunday and dutch gener recogn public holiday . 1.6 “ cdr ” shall mean call detail record . 1.7 “ commerci launch date ” shall mean the date on which eleph talk commerci launch the host servic and start provid the eleph talk servic commerci to eleph talk custom in the dutch market ( not be the soft launch ) . the commerci launch date shall not be later than six ( 6 ) week after the readi for servic date . 1.8 '' date of the agreement '' shall mean the date on which both parti have sign the agreement by their duli author repres or , if the parti sign thi agreement on differ date , the later date be the date the agreement come fulli into effect . 1.9 “ eleph talk custom ” shall mean ani compani or legal entiti partner with eleph talk , which wish to offer mobil servic in a mvno/esp/sp model use the t-mobil network and the by t-mobil provid host servic under the term and condit as mention in thi agreement . eleph talk custom might includ the mobil end-us of eleph talk custom , subject to the interpret of the specif provis . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 1.10 “ eleph talk infrastructur ” shall mean the entir ( current and futur ) server and system of eleph talk , includ the physic or logic link to the nap , as describ in appendix 11 . 1.11 “ eleph talk wholesal servic ” shall mean the mobil telecommun servic provid by eleph talk to the eleph talk custom , offer servic in a mvno/esp/sp model , base on the host servic via the t-mobil network and the network of the t-mobil roam partner . 1.12 '' gsm associ perman refer document '' shall mean the document that are establish , recogn and classifi as bind by the gsm associ plenari . 1.13 '' gsm associ plenari '' shall mean the group of appoint repres of the signatori of the gsm associ . 1.14 '' gsm specif '' shall mean etsi gsm technic specif , as defin by the gsm associ . 1.15 '' host servic ( s ) '' shall mean the network host ( and relat ) servic - as list in appendix 1 - provid by t-mobil to eleph talk under the agreement , enabl eleph talk to provid eleph talk wholesal servic to eleph talk custom in accord with it term and condit of the agreement . 1.16 '' implement plan '' shall have the mean as describ to it in appendix 3 . 1.17 “ imsi ” mean the intern mobil subscrib ident , 1.18 “ initi term ” mean the initi durat of the agreement as agre upon between the parti and defin in articl 17.1 1.19 “ in platform ” ( the intellig network platform ) shall mean the technic architectur and telecommun system of eleph talk for rout call and charg real-tim the outgo call of eleph talk custom . 1.20 '' locat area '' ( la ) shall mean the individu geograph area into which the t-mobil network is divid at ani time . 1.21 “ msisdn ” shall mean mobil station integr servic digit network number . 1.22 “ nap ” shall mean network access point , as describ in appendix 11. sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 1.23 '' oper manual '' shall mean the work document in which parti agre upon ( dynam ) activ and procedur as describ in the agreement in more detail for the durat of the agreement. the oper manual is a dynam document . the latest valid and bind version shall be the one agre in write between the parti in accord with articl 19.3 . 1.24 “ ” mean the compani formerli known as . form under the law of the netherland , in the hagu , the netherland . 1.25 “ protocol of deliveri ” ( also refer to as “ pod ” ) shall mean the document , as attach in appendix 10 , provid by t-mobil to eleph talk follow the soft launch for the purpos of accept the host servic by eleph talk . 1.26 “ quarter ” and “ quarterli ” shall mean a quarter of a year , be three consecut month start everi januari , april , juli and/or octob of everi calendar year . 1.27 “ readi for servic date ” shall mean the date , follow the soft launch , upon which the host servic agre between the parti - in accord with articl 3 - meet the agre specif as evidenc by the sign of the protocol for deliveri . 1.28 “ readi for test date ” shall mean the date on which the end-to-end test , to be perform intern by t-mobil sole , ha been complet by t-mobil and pursuant to which eleph talk can commenc the soft launch . 1.29 '' regulatori provis '' shall mean all applic law , direct , consent , specif , regul and/or stipul set forth by the relev regulatori author . 1.30 “ sim card ” shall mean a subscrib ident modul ( chip ) card for the identif of -the mobil end-us of - an eleph talk custom on the t-mobil network and enabl access to the eleph talk wholesal servic . 1.31 “ sla ” mean the servic level agreement attach hereto in appendix 6 . 1.32 '' soft launch '' shall mean the test to be perform under articl 4 and as describ in appendix 3 and the period in which eleph talk can gain experi with the function of the host servic prior to the commerci launch date . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 1.33 '' tap '' shall mean transfer account procedur as defin and describ in gsm associ perman refer document . 1.34 “ technic specif ” shall mean the work document in which parti agre upon the technic specif of the host servic as attach in appendix 11 . 1.35 '' t-mobil network '' shall mean the t-mobil dc 1800 and umts/hsdpa mobil telecommun network , includ all network element , in the netherland , as describ in appendix 1 . 2. purpos and scope of the agreement 2.1 the purpos of thi agreement is to lay down the gener term and condit between the parti under which t-mobil shall provid the host servic and eleph talk shall purchas the host servic from t-mobil , wherebi t-mobil shall enabl eleph talk to market , sell and provid mobil telecommun servic to the eleph talk custom via the t-mobil network . for the avoid of doubt , eleph talk is not entitl to provid ( retail ) telecommun servic base on the host servic to other than eleph talk custom , such as but not limit to mobil end-us or busi compani with their own end-us . in the event that parti shall negoti the term and condit under which t-mobil shall provid and eleph talk shall purchas the servic from t-mobil . these term and condit shall be laid down in a separ document and shall therefor not be part of thi agreement . 2.2 t-mobil is entitl without limit , to relat servic to ani other parti . 2.3 eleph talk will not enter into ani discuss or agreement on the provis of ( similar ) host servic as defin in appendix 1 with ani in the netherland for the durat of the initi term of the agreement . in case eleph talk ha provid to t-mobil the twelv month termin notic in accord with articl 17.2 , eleph talk . 2.4 the co-oper between parti shall regard . the host servic are intend for . eleph talk is allow to provid sim card to eleph talk custom under the term and condit as mention in thi agreement . 2.5 for the scope of thi agreement , eleph talk ( includ it affili compani ) shall not provid the host servic to . exclud from thi provis is the situat wherein eleph talk provid under the term and condit as set out in thi articl . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 eleph talk is not allow , without the explicit written approv of t-mobil , to provid the eleph talk wholesal servic : i. to the below state categori of compani , includ compani that repres a compani in one of these categori , affili compani and/or compani that can offer a brand from a compani in one of the follow categori : a ) b ) c ) . ii . in the situat where t-mobil for good reason refus a eleph talk custom access to the t-mobil network such as : a ) associ with - proven- bad tast ( compani or brand with a direct refer to subject such as crimin or illeg behavior , violenc or drug ) ; b ) possibl harm of the good name of t-mobile; c ) breach of an intellectu properti right of t-mobile; and/or d ) conflict with key strateg issu for t-mobil and deutsch telekom affili compani ( such as legal issu and court case ) . the eleph talk custom will not directli or indirectli provid the eleph talk wholesal servic to other , includ an affili compani , with the object to resel wholesal telecommun servic base on the by t-mobil provid host servic to mobil telecommun user . 2.6 parti agre to implement an eleph talk , and therefor would not result in addit cost for eleph talk . in order to execut thi assess parti will discuss the detail busi requir - provid by eleph talk for the implement of the eleph talk - and will do the utmost to agre on thi set of busi requir befor or on provid that parti have agre upon the final set of busi requir befor or on , parti shall subsequ execut an initi evalu - base on the busi requir - of the impact of the implement on the t-mobil infrastructur and network . parti agre to final thi initi evalu on . the outcom of the initi evalu shall consist of an agre high level project plan for the implement of at least the implement of the solut . follow the initi evalu parti will further discuss and negoti in good faith the element of the project plan , includ the align of and avail resourc in order to implement the . both parti aim to implement the befor . howev , the actual implement date of the solut is subject to the chosen technic and oper solut for the solution. in ani case t-mobil is oblig to implement the befor or on . 2.7 eleph talk shall purchas the host servic from t-mobil as an independ contractor . eleph talk shall sell and market the eleph talk wholesal servic to eleph talk custom in it own name , for it own account and on it own risk ( subject to the term of thi agreement ) . eleph talk warrant t-mobil that eleph talk custom shall sell and market their mobil telecommun servic base on the eleph talk wholesal servic in it own name , for it own account and on it own risk . eleph talk and eleph talk custom shall not in ani respect repres t-mobil or enter into ani agreement or other commit on t-mobil ’ s behalf . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 2.8 eleph talk shall ensur that the eleph talk infrastructur compli with the technic specif , as set out in appendix 11 . 2.9 parti acknowledg that the dutch telecommun market is regul under both dutch and eu law , such as inter alia eu-direct , the dutch telecommun act , dutch competit act and the dutch data protect act . parti shall at all time fulli compli with all relev regul , such as but not limit to , the oblig for eleph talk - as provid of public electron commun servic in the netherlands- to notifi opta accord to articl 2.1 of the dutch telecommun act . furthermor , parti acknowledg that their arrang are subject to said regul , and that parti ’ arrang ( includ price arrang ) may , from time to time , requir adjust ( s ) due to chang of such regul . 2.10 the host servic shall be provid in accord with relev gsm specif and the gsm associ perman refer document , includ all the commerci aspect , as defin in the agreement . thi forego is howev subject to the addit requir and except to the gsm specif and gsm associ perman refer document as may be agre in write between parti . 2.11 the parti recogn that it may be appropri to modifi thi agreement , in circumst in which they deem it import to do so , in the light of experi and develop in the gsm associ , the gsm specif , the gsm associ perman refer document and mobil telecommun servic avail at the market not offer by t-mobil under thi agreement in such case parti shall agre upon a workabl solut and act accordingli . 2.12 the appendic shall form an integr part of the agreement and shall be fulli bind on and enforc by and against the parti as applic in accord with thi agreement . in case that the agreement contain contradictori provis , the document constitut the agreement shall have the follow prioriti for the purpos of interpret : a ) the agreement; b ) the appendic in order of their number; sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 appendix no . appendix name appendix 1 servic descript appendix 2 financi appendix 3 implement plan appendix 4 forecast appendix 5 law intercept appendix 6 servic level agreement appendix 7 account and bill appendix 8 roam appendix 9 bank guarante appendix10 protocol of deliveri appendix 11 technic specif appendix 12 appendix 13 3. host servic 3.1 t-mobil shall provid the host servic , as describ in appendix 1 , dure the term of thi agreement from the readi for servic date . 3.2 t-mobil shall ensur that all from eleph talk custom and other telecommun end user in the netherland and in the relev roam countri , as further specifi in the agreement . 3.3 eleph talk is respons and account for the instal , mainten and avail of the leas line between eleph talk ’ s pop and the t-mobil network , as describ in appendix 1 . 3.4 t-mobil is open and will to discuss with eleph talk the provis to eleph talk of new servic , mean servic out of the scope of thi agreement , in the dutch market . 3.5 parti agre that eleph talk , if applic , make a featur avail in the sim card to display the brand name of eleph talk custom , when eleph talk custom are connect - via the eleph talk infrastructur - to the t-mobil network. t-mobil is awar of the fact that out-dat devic might not support thi featur avail in the sim card . 3.6 parti agre to implement the rule and procedur pursuant to dutch legisl for number portabl prior to the readi for servic date , accord to appendix 1. a eleph talk msisdn that is out-port from eleph talk ’ s custom base will be bar from access the eleph talk servic in the t-mobil network . 3.7 parti shall use their best effort to ensur as set out in appendix 1. eleph talk is respons and liabl for , as describ in appendix 11. sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 3.8 t-mobil shall support eleph talk in fulfil it legal oblig under dutch law with respect to law intercept under the term and condit as set forth in detail in appendix 5. eleph talk agre to inform in write , befor the readi for servic date , the relev dutch author ( which is at the time of close of thi agreement the public prosecutor ) that t-mobil will carri out the law intercept request regard eleph talk custom and that t-mobil will and is entitl to collect the financi compens of the concern author for these legal intercept activ on behalf of eleph talk . eleph talk shall provid t-mobil with a copi of the aforement letter to the relev dutch author befor the readi for servic date . 4. implement 4.1 the parti shall implement the host servic accord to the implement plan , as describ in appendix 3 . 4.2 the parti shall provid each other with inform on prepar made and other detail relev to the implement of the host servic . 4.3 if it becom known to a parti that either a delay shall occur or is like to occur , such parti shall immedi notifi the other parti thereof in write . in such case , the reason for the delay shall be given as well as the moment when it is anticip that the implement can take place . 4.4 . t-mobil shall resolv everi critic part of the host servic as soon as reason possibl and in ani event befor the date which is after the agre . onc the host servic and everi critic part , as the pod , thereof ha success pass the pursuant to the procedur describ in the pod and appendix 3 the servic shall be accept by eleph talk and eleph talk shall sign the protocol of deliveri acknowledg such accept . 4.5 subject to articl 4.4. , eleph talk shall commenc the soft launch on or after the . from the eleph talk shall be permit to ( technic ) test the host servic for the durat of five ( 5 ) calendar week , with a limit number of user ( ) . the traffic gener dure the soft launch shall be free of charg for up to - base on the tariff t-mobil will charg eleph talk accord to appendix 2. for all other user and cost abov the , - per user , eleph talk ha to pay the fee for the host servic as defin in appendix 2. the soft launch is not part of the forecast pursuant to appendix 4. eleph talk will final the soft launch by sign the protocol of deliveri , accord to appendix 3 and 11. sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 4.6 if it would becom applic , eleph talk shall obtain ani regulatori approv , consent , or decis which allow eleph talk to util the host servic from t-mobil to provid the eleph talk servic to eleph talk custom as contempl by thi agreement . t-mobil agre - but is not oblig - to reason assist eleph talk in obtain such regulatori approv , consent or decis , especi by make avail to eleph talk necessari document , technic specif and other inform requir and by cooper through common commun to ani regulatori author . 5. forecast & commit 5.1 a trial period , cover the calendar month from commerci launch date shall appli for eleph talk in order to gain experi and knowledg for eleph talk on forecast and call behavior of it eleph talk customers. . 5.2 eleph talk shall provid quarterli forecast in write express in volum for the use of the host servic . detail as parti have agre upon regard the forecast are stipul in appendix 4 . 5.3 . 5.4 eleph talk accept that t-mobil will not be bound to the servic level agre between parti pursuant to articl 6 of thi agreement in relat to the relev quarter , if the . 5.5 in case of ( promot ) action and event that will or might temporarili exceed the forecast traffic volum , eleph talk shall inform t-mobil as soon as possibl , after which t-mobil shall make reason effort to take appropri and busi wise feasibl measur to prevent network interrupt . 6. servic level 6.1 the host servic shall be provid in accord with the level of servic and support as the parti have agre upon in appendix 6 . 6.2 at no point in time shall one of the parti carri out servic or support on equip , exclud sim card order accord to articl 16 , that belong to the other parti or is provid or maintain by the other parti , unless the other parti ha agre in write to such measur in advanc . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 6.3 t-mobil shall give prior notic to eleph talk about plan outag and plan work as agre in appendix 6 . 7. data protect & privaci 7.1 all right to the person and traffic data relat to eleph talk custom which eleph talk place at the dispos of t- mobil , as well as to the result of the t-mobil regist and process of thi data , shall rest in eleph talk . t-mobil shall have at it dispos data cover by the agreement onli to the extent and as long as necessari for t-mobil to fulfil it oblig pursuant to thi agreement . 7.2 both parti confirm that they shall compli with the data privaci regul and law applic in the netherland and intern , includ the dutch data protect act ( “ wet bescherm persoonsgegeven ” ) , as amend or vari from time to time . t-mobil undertak to process person data onli for the purpos of thi agreement . 7.3 . t-mobil will refrain from use ani eleph talk custom relat data for ani other purpos than provid the host servic to eleph talk , with the except of : · legal tap requir in accord with a request from the relev public body; and · necessari use for the purpos of prevent , trace and fight fraud or irregularities; and · other activ requir by law . 8. the co-oper relationship 8.1 the author member of each parti shall fulli co-oper in the perform of the agreement . the account manag of each parti shall act as the first point of contact in relat to ani issu provid for in the agreement . each parti may chang it contact person at ani time by inform the other parti in write . 8.2 the parti shall promptli inform each other of a breakdown in their respect system or mobil telecommun network that ha or might have an effect on the host servic and/or the agreement . 8.3 sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 9. price , charg , bill and account 9.1 develop cost & price for host servic 9.1.1 subject to the term of thi agreement , eleph talk shall pay t-mobil the total amount of -a specifi in appendix 2 , as a contribut for upfront ( network relat ) develop cost of the host servic , includ servic , as describ in appendix 1. payment shall be made in accord with articl 9.2 . 9.1.2 the price to be paid by eleph talk to t-mobil for the host servic render are state in appendix 2. such price may be amend in accord with the term of thi agreement and appendix 2 and shall be paid by eleph talk to t-mobil in accord with articl 9.2 . 9.1.3 if the price due to subsequ chang in dutch law and regul becom invalid or unenforc the price shall be modifi to the extent requir in order to be in conform with such law and regul . in the event that such chang of price reason requir that parti revis the applic price structur of the host servic in it entireti , parti shall enter into good faith negoti to agre upon new price . 9.2 charg 9.2.1 t-mobil ha charg the first instal of to eleph talk with regard to eleph talk ’ s contribut for upfront ( network relat ) develop cost , as mention in articl 9.1.1 , after sign of the head of agreement between the parti date . the second instal of shall be charg to eleph talk right after sign of the agreement and shall be paid by eleph talk within fifteen ( 15 ) calendar day of the invoic date . 9.2.2 whenev an eleph talk custom use the eleph talk wholesal servic , eleph talk shall be fulli respons for time payment of the appropri price ( s ) establish under articl 9.1.2 for the host servic use . eleph talk shall pay to t-mobil the charg for the host servic as from the readi for servic date , includ the charg mention under articl 4.5 . 9.2.3 in addit to the invoic mention under articl 9.2.1. , t-mobil shall on a monthli arrear basi submit invoic to eleph talk detail the price payabl by eleph talk under articl 9.2.2. t-mobil will send the follow invoic for : a ) network host services; a ) cost of author law intercept ( to the extent provid for under appendix 5 ) ; b ) cost for other servic agre upon . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 9.2.4 eleph talk shall pay all invoic no later than after the invoic date . eleph talk , in the event that eleph talk fail to meet 9.2.5 9.2.6 invoic submit to eleph talk by t-mobil shall be item in accord with dutch acknowledg principl of bill and account . 9.2.7 all charg under thi agreement are exclus of value-ad tax ( vat ) , duti or levi impos by ani author , govern or government agenc and ani other applic tax payabl in relat to the host servic suppli to eleph talk . ani tax shall be charg in accord with the relev regul in forc at the time of make the taxabl suppli to eleph talk and shall be paid by eleph talk . all amount and ani payment of charg under thi agreement shall be made in euro and in full without ani set-off , deduct or withhold whatsoev . 9.2.8 invoic not paid within the time limit set down in articl 9.2.4 shall bear interest ( “ enkelvoudig ” ) on a daili basi at the rate of the legal commerci interest rate ( “ wettelijk handelsrent ” ) plu 1 until full payment is receiv by t-mobil whether befor or after judgment . interest shall continu to accru notwithstand termin or expiri of thi agreement for ani caus whatsoev . 9.2.9 eleph talk may object to ani invoic accord to the procedur set out in articl 4 of appendix 7 , account and bill . in the event of invoic irregular , parti shall use their best effort to establish the reason for and to elimin such irregular as quickli as possibl . 9.2.10 eleph talk will be account for and shall pay all gener traffic by eleph talk custom -includ traffic gener via stolen or lost sim card - to t-mobil . 9.2.11 eleph talk bear the risk of and shall indemnifi t-mobil against high usag , fraud and bed debts/non-pay of it eleph talk custom . 9.3 bill and account 9.3.1 procedur for bill and account inform are provid in appendix 7. sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 9.3.2 in order to exchang invoic inform , tap file will be transfer by t-mobil to eleph talk , as state in appendix 7 . 9.3.3 for verif purpos t-mobil will keep the cdr in accord with dutch legisl . 9.4 financi secur 9.4.1. : a. eleph talk ha been declar bankrupt or ha appli for bankruptci accord to 18.1 sub g , or; b. eleph talk . 9.4.2. t-mobil shall not requir financi secur as set out in 9.4.1a long as the ‘ t-mobil custom use will . for eleph talk will issu an invoic to t-mobil . parti agre that as long as : · ; and · the invoic for these deliveri of the host servic by t-mobil accord to thi agreement , articl 9.4.1. shall not appli . in the event that eleph talk doe not compli with the payment term as set out in articl 9.2.4. , parti agre that t-mobil is entitl eleph talk follow the ‘ with the amount which eleph talk ( or ani of it affili ) is due to t-mobil accord to thi agreement . 9.4.3. as soon as articl 9.4.2. doe no longer appli - . 10. custom care support sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 10.1 eleph talk shall for it own account and at it own cost maintain a custom support organ for eleph talk custom . in addit , t-mobil shall provid second line custom care support to the back offic of eleph talk ’ s custom support organ , accord to appendix 1 , 2 and 6 . 10.2 for the avoid of doubt , it is state that parti agre that t-mobil shall not provid custom support servic to eleph talk custom ( mean end-us of eleph talk custom ) directli . 11. confidenti 11.1 the parti agre that all aspect of the content of thi agreement shall be treat as confidenti and that no inform in respect of the content and/or exist of thi agreement shall be disclos without the prior written consent of both parti . neither parti shall make ani public announc , includ but not limit to press releas , articl , brochur , advertis and speech , concern thi agreement without the prior written consent of the other parti . howev , eleph talk is entitl to commun - as far as strictli necessari for the proper conclus of it agreements- to the eleph talk custom that it servic are provid by ( the ) t-mobil ( network ) . eleph talk custom shall be entitl to commun that the network coverag is provid by t-mobil , onli in case they are ask for it . under no circumst , eleph talk custom shall make ani public announc , includ but not limit to press releas , commerci articl ( not be technic or busi articl ) , brochur , advertis , public speech and other promot materi , that it servic to mobil end-us are provid by the t-mobil network . parti are awar of the fact that it might be imposs for technic reason to make a refer to the eleph talk ( custom ) brand name on the display of devic and that the t-mobil brand name may appear . eleph talk shall do the utmost to ensur that the commun to mobil telecommun end-users- includ the commun of eleph talk custom - shall be in accord with thi articl . 11.2 the parti herebi agre to treat all inform exchang between them ( hereinaft refer to as '' confidenti inform '' ) whether for the purpos of thi agreement or not as confidenti and agre not to disclos such confidenti inform in ani manner whatsoev in whole or in part except as provid for in the articl 11.4. the parti may disclos confidenti inform onli to employe , attorney at law and account or other profession advis who need to know such confidenti inform for the purpos of particip in the discuss connect with thi agreement between the parti and ani transact result there from and who are inform of and bound to the confidenti natur of such confidenti inform . 11.3 notwithstand the abov , in the event that the receiv parti or ( to the receiv parti ’ s knowledg ) anyon to whom the confidenti inform ha been suppli to by the receiv parti receiv a request to disclos under the term of a subpoena , order , civil investig demand or similar process issu by a court of compet jurisdict or by a government bodi all or ani part of the confidenti inform , such receiv parti agre to : sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 i. notifi the disclos parti promptli in write of the exist , term , and circumst surround such request; ii . consult with the disclos parti on the advis of take legal avail step to resist or narrow such request; iii . give the disclos parti the opportun to defend , limit or protect against such disclosure; iv . if disclosur of such inform is law requir , furnish onli that portion of the confidenti inform which is legal necessari or appropri in the light of all the circumst and seek to obtain confidenti treatment for ani inform requir to be disclos . 11.4 for the purpos of thi agreement , confidenti inform shall not be consid to be confidenti if such confidenti inform is : a ) in or pass into the public domain other than by breach of thi agreement; or b ) known to the receiv parti prior to the disclosur by the disclos parti without ani oblig of confidentiality; or c ) disclos to a receiv parti without restrict by a third parti have the full right to disclose; or d ) independ develop by a receiv parti to whom no disclosur of confidenti inform relev to the develop of such confidenti inform ha been made . 11.5 thi articl 11 shall surviv the termin of thi agreement as provid for in articl 17 and 18 for a period of two ( 2 ) year but shall not in ani way limit or restrict either parti 's use of it own confidenti inform . 12. limit of liabil 12.1 without prejudic to the provis expressli state elsewher in thi agreement , a parti 's liabil for damag suffer by the other parti , attribut to the first mention parti or a person for whom it is liabl by law , shall be limit to the follow event , and the follow amount : a ) for direct damag to physic good ( properti damag or “ zaakschad ” ) or directli result from death or person injuri : up to a maximum of per event or seri of connect event and up to a further maximum of for all event ( connect or not ) in ani period of 12 calendar months; b ) for damag directli result from a materi breach of thi agreement : up to a maximum or as set out in appendix 2 ) , whatev amount is the highest , in ani period of 12 calendar month . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 12.2 in no event shall either parti be liabl for indirect or consequenti loss or damag , includ but not limit to , loss of profit , loss of sale or turnov , loss of or damag to reput , loss of contract , loss of busi , loss of anticip save and interest , increas oper cost , increas mainten cost even if such loss or damag wa reason forese or if a parti had been advis by the other parti of the possibl of incur such loss or damag . 12.3 in no event shall ani employe of either parti or of an affili compani be liabl to the other parti for ani act of neglig or intent under or in connect with thi agreement . save for the limit in articl 12.1 and 12.2 noth in the forego shall in ani way restrict the liabil of either parti for the action of it employe . 12.4 limit of liabil as describ in thi articl shall not appli : a ) in case the damag or loss is caus by a parti 's will misconduct ( includ fraud ) or gross neglig , or b ) in case of a breach of a parti oblig under articl 11 ( confidenti ) and articl 15 ( indemnif for breach of intellectu properti right ) . 12.5 ani claim for damag must be notifi to the other parti within six ( 6 ) month as from the date on which the damag wa caus , fail which such claim is deem to be waiv . 12.6 eleph talk will be fulli respons for the settlement of , and shall indemnifi ( “ vrijwaren ” ) t-mobil against ani claim made by eleph talk custom or third parti with whom eleph talk ha a ( contractu ) relationship and which claim are relat to thi ( contractu ) relationship 13. suspens and termin of host servic 13.1 notwithstand anyth stipul in the agreement , t-mobil may without liabil suspend or termin whole or part of the host servic in relat to one or more eleph talk custom , in circumst where t-mobil would suspend or termin those servic to it own custom , in the follow circumst - or circumst of similar sever . a ) ; b ) ; or c ) suspect fraudul or unauthor use by the relev ; or d ) necessari mainten or enhanc of the t-mobil network . in the event of plan suspens or termin of all or ani of the host servic , t-mobil shall inform eleph talk accordingli by send a written notif , as soon as reason and busi wise possibl . 13.2 furthermor , t-mobil may without liabil temporarili suspend all or ani of it host servic to eleph talk if a ( partial or temporari ) breakdown on the t-mobil network should occur . such temporarili suspens shall - to the extent possibl - be limit to the locat area where the temporarili breakdown occur . immedi after the t-mobil network ha been restor , t-mobil shall take all appropri measur in order to re-establish the host servic with the shortest possibl delay , in accord with the procedur as describ in appendix 6. sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 13.3 t-mobil may without liabil limit at it own discret the avail of all or ani of the host servic abov the level of the traffic forecast of host servic as defin in articl 5 and appendix 4 , provid that the provis of these host servic -abov the level of the traffic forecast - to eleph talk have a notic neg impact on the qualiti of the t-mobil network and on the provis of servic to t-mobil custom . 14. forc majeur 14.1 non-perform by either parti of it oblig pursuant to thi agreement or delay in perform the same shall not constitut a breach of the agreement if and for as long as it is due to a forc majeur event , includ , but not limit to , govern action or requir of regulatori author , lock-out , strike , shortag of transport , war , terrorist attack , rebellion or other militari action , fire , flood , natur catastroph , that a parti is not abl to overcom with reason and proport effort , or a non-perform of oblig by a sub-contractor to a parti - in circumst where it is reason imposs for that parti or an other sub-contractor to perform such oblig instead - , pursuant to ani of the aforement reason . 14.2 the parti prevent from fulfil it oblig shall on becom awar of such event inform the other parti in write of such forc majeur event as soon as possibl . if the affect parti fail to inform the other parti of the occurr of a forc majeur event as set out in articl 14.1 abov , then such parti thereaft shall not be entitl to refer such event to forc majeur as a reason for non-fulfil . thi oblig doe not appli if the forc majeur event is known by both parti or the affect parti is unabl to inform the other parti due to the forc majeur event . 14.3 if the forc majeur event continu for more than two ( 2 ) consecut calendar week , then the parti shall promptli meet and discuss method to resolv the difficulti aris from the event of forc majeur . if no agreement is reach by the parti within a period of fifteen ( 15 ) calendar day and the forc majeur event continu to have a substanti effect on the perform of the agreement , either parti shall have the right to termin thi agreement in whole or in part with immedi effect by written notic without incur ani financi liabil to the other parti as a consequ of such termin . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 15. intellectu properti right 15.1 thi agreement doe not impli ani transfer of intellectu properti right . neither parti shall use the other parti 's name , trademark , servic mark or other intellectu properti right without the other parti ’ s prior written consent . eleph talk shall guarante that in ani agreement it conclud with eleph talk custom the follow provis will be includ : ‘ in no circumst , [ x ] shall use t-mobil ’ s name , trademark , servic mark or other intellectu properti right in public announc , includ but not limit to press releas , commerci articl ( not be technic or busi articl ) , brochur , advertis public speech and other promot material. ’ 15.2 eleph talk is allow to market and sell it servic to eleph talk custom under a brand name chosen by eleph talk . howev , eleph talk shall not use ani logo , name or other materi that bear , is similar or refer to ani intellectu properti right of t-mobil or t-mobil competitor ( mean mobil network oper , mobil virtual network oper and enhanc servic provid in the netherland ) without prior written approv of t-mobil . 15.3 when market it eleph talk wholesal servic in the netherland , eleph talk shall refrain from use compar advertis , in ani form of media , in relat to t-mobil ’ s , includ it affili ’ s , product and/or servic . 15.4 eleph talk will defend , indemnifi and will hold t-mobil harmless from and against ani claim and cost assess against t- mobil by a third parti alleg that the eleph talk wholesal servic , constitut an infring of ani third parti 's intellectu properti right in circumst where the alleg infring is attribut to eleph talk and in no way the fault of t-mobil or it affili compani . if such a claim is valid , eleph talk shall make the modif need to ceas the infring at it own expens as soon as possible. such modif will not have ani impact on the function and cost of the provid host servic . eleph talk shall inform t-mobil on ani of such modif as soon as possibl . 15.5 t-mobil shall retain all right , titl and interest in and to the host servic , includ all intellectu properti right therein and ani modif or enhanc thereof . 15.6 t-mobil herebi grant eleph talk a fulli paid-up , non-exclus licenc to use the host servic for the purpos of eleph talk in provid the eleph talk wholesal servic dure the term of thi agreement without further consider . thi licenc grant shall take effect on the date that the relev host servic is first use by or on behalf of eleph talk to provid the eleph talk wholesal servic under thi agreement . 16. sim card & call credit sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 16.1 eleph talk shall order and purchas sim card . 16.2 in principl the will be of will remain the properti of t-mobil at all time . 16.3 t-mobil shall retain at all time full ownership of it intellectu properti right vest in the softwar ( includ t-moibl ’ s and it supplier relat softwar and code , but exclud typic eleph talk ’ s and/or other parti ’ s content ) contain in the t-mobil imsi ’ s . 16.4 parti agre that they will re-discuss the provis of a , the implement and associ cost of the shall be consid part of the agreement and therefor shall not result in addit cost for eleph talk provid that no are involv . eleph talk shall retain at all time full ownership of it intellectu properti right vest in the softwar contain in the . . 16.5 t-mobil ha a strict polici with respect to the usag of ( also known as '' '' ) and ani other devic that ” ) . these are under no circumst allow on the t-mobil network . eleph talk is awar of t-mobil ’ s posit with respect to these and will refrain from use or from do busi with ani parti ( includ eleph talk ’ s custom ) , who use these to the t-mobil network . furthermor , duplic the or function of the without the explicit prior written approv of t- mobil is forbidden . eleph talk will ( contractu ) inform the eleph talk custom that they will refrain from use or . t-mobil herewith give eleph talk approv to onc , onli for the purpos of suppli as commonli known in the market at the moment of sign the agreement , to eleph talk custom , onli to be use by end user of eleph talk custom for normal end user purpos . parti shall use their reason endeavor to co-oper in order to prevent and clarifi ani misus of or use of . in the event that t-mobil discov such improp use or forbidden act of eleph talk custom , parti shall contact each other ’ s fraud manag immedi , in order to stipul detail and take appropri measur . in addit , eleph talk shall do it best to stop these action immedi on first request of t-mobil . should eleph talk wil or neglig fail to compli with an t-mobil request , eleph talk shall bear full respons and indemnifi t- mobil for all damag and loss t-mobil suffer result from action as mention in thi articl by eleph talk ’ s custom . 17. durat of the agreement 17.1 thi agreement shall come into forc on the date of the agreement , and shall , subject to articl 18 , remain in full forc and effect for an initi period of from the commerci launch date . 17.2 the agreement may be termin by both parti with a notif period of befor the end of the initi term of the agreement . if no termin notic is provid , the agreement will be automat extend for consecut period until such time as termin notic is provided. at the end of parti will negoti in good faith regard a possibl extens of the initi term . parti can mutual agre in write to deviat from an automat extens of by extend thi agreement for a longer period than . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 18. termin of agreement 18.1 in addit to the condit of articl 17 , thi agreement may be termin as follow : a. by mutual agreement of the parties; or b. by either parti , with immedi effect , if the other parti is in materi breach of ani provis of thi agreement and doe not or is not capabl of remedi such breach within a reason time and in ani event within sixti ( 60 ) busi day of receipt of a written notic to such effect . a materi breach will , for the purpos of thi agreement , not includ the event that eleph talk fail to compli with it payment oblig under articl 9.2.; or c. by t-mobil , if eleph talk fail to compli with it oblig under articl 16.5 upon written notif thereof by t-mobil , within a reason period of time follow the respect notif date ( but in no event later than forty-f ( 45 ) busi day of receipt of a written notic to such effect ) ; or , d. by t-mobil , subject to . in the present situat ; or e. by t-mobil or it successor , .; or , f. by eleph talk , subject to and thi entiti is at the time of sign of ; or g .. by either parti , with immedi effect , if the other parti becom bankrupt or insolv ( or bankruptci or insolv is appropri request for ) or is liquid or dissolv other than for the purpos of a bona fide reconstruct or amalgam , or if that other parti enter into ani composit or arrang with it creditors; or , sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 18.2 in case the number of frequenc or the use of the frequenc alloc to the t-mobil network is reduc pursuant to regulatori provis the parti shall renegoti in good faith the commerci condit of thi agreement in order to compli with regulatori provis . 18.3 in the event that t-mobil is in materi breach and eleph talk termin the agreement accord to articl 18.1.b , . 18.4 thi agreement will termin immedi in the event that a final order made by the relev government author not grant , revok or deni renew of t-mobil dc 1800 or umts/hsdpa licens or permiss to oper the t-mobil network or ani other licens to oper the host servic , take effect , if such order will be beyond the reason control of t-mobil . 19. modif 19.1 ani modif and/or addit to thi agreement and/or the appendic shall be valid onli if made in write and sign by duli author repres of both parti . 19.2 if a parti request a modif of thi agreement becaus ( a ) a materi chang occur in the law and regul govern telecommun in the netherland , or ( b ) a materi chang ( includ enforc action by ani regulatori author ) occur which affect or reason could affect the commerci and technic basi of thi agreement , parti shall enter into good faith negoti in order to determin if a modif of the agreement is necessari and if so agre upon the way to implement the requir chang in or modif to thi agreement . 19.3 parti agre that the oper manual can onli be modifi by t-mobil ’ s account manag upon consult with eleph talk ’ s author account manag and with the subsequ written agreement of eleph talk and t-mobil . 20. miscellan 20.1 successor , assign thi agreement and the right and oblig specifi herein shall be bind upon the parti and their respect legal successor and neither parti shall sell , transfer or assign thi agreement or ani part , interest , right or oblig hereund except that a parti shall have the right to transfer or assign thi agreement in whole ( but not in part ) to an affili compani provid that : sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 a ) such affili compani expressli assum , by written instrument , all of the oblig of the parti under thi agreement and therebi becom a parti to thi agreement , and b ) such affili compani ha adequ financi strength , resourc and experi in the reason opinion of the other parti ( such opinion to be obtain in write in advanc of ani assign ) , to compli with it oblig under thi agreement . such assign shall not releas the assign parti of it oblig under articl 11 of thi agreement . no person other than a parti to thi agreement shall acquir ani right hereund as a third-parti beneficiari or otherwis by virtu of thi agreement . both parti will remain independ and compet compani , will develop their own market strategi , and will address the market and the subscrib directli and independ . 20.2 no waiver failur by ani parti at ani time to requir perform of ani provis of thi agreement shall in no manner affect it right to enforc the same , and the waiver by ani parti of ani breach of ani provis of thi agreement shall not be constru to be a waiver by such parti of ani succeed breach of such provis or waiver by such parti of ani breach of ani other provis hereof . 20.3 sever if ani part of thi agreement or ani appendic hereto is held to be invalid or unenforc accord to regulatori provis , thi shall not invalid ani other provis of thi agreement or the appendic hereto . the parti shall attempt through negoti in good faith to replac ani such provis of thi agreement or the appendic so held to be invalid or unenforc with a valid provis which come as close to the origin econom understand and intent of the parti as legal feasibl . the same appli insofar as thi agreement and/or it appendic prove to have a gap . in thi case , the parti shall endeavor to close the gap through negoti conduct in good faith . 20.4 entir agreement 20.4.1 thi agreement and the document refer to in it contain the whole agreement between the parti relat to the subject matter of thi agreement and supersed all previou agreement and understand whether written or oral between the parti . 20.4.2 each parti acknowledg that in enter into thi agreement it shall not reli on ani represent , warranti or other assur except as set out in thi agreement . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 20.5 non-solicit without the prior written consent of the other parti , a parti shall not at ani time while thi agreement is in forc and for a one-year period after termin of thi agreement either for itself or on behalf of ani other compani solicit , induc or caus ani employe of the other parti or ani affili compani of thi other parti who ha been a repres of or employ by the other parti in connect with thi agreement to leav such employ . in case of violat of thi articl , the parti shall pay to the other parti an equival of eighteen ( 18 ) month gross salari of the respect employe . 20.6 surviv ani provis of thi agreement which by it natur or implic ( includ in respect of ani accru right and liabil ) is requir to surviv termin or expiri of thi agreement shall surviv termin or expiri as aforesaid . 20.7 notic ani notic or other formal commun to be given or made under or in connect with thi agreement , if not state otherwis explicitli in thi agreement and it appendic , shall be in write , sign by or on behalf of the parti give it and sent by regist mail . all notic or other formal commun to be deliv under thi agreement shall be address to : for eleph talk : the cto; for t-mobil : the director wholesal & interconnect . 20.8 expens each parti shall bear it own cost and expens includ the fee of it profession advisor in relat to the prepar , execut and carri into effect of thi agreement and all other document relat to it . 20.9 represent neither parti may in ani respect repres the other parti or enter into ani agreement or other commit on behalf of the other parti except as provid for in thi agreement or agre by the parti in write . the agreement and condit contain herein are onli relat to the dutch market and can not be refer to in discuss or deal with other t-mobil compani and/or deutsch telecom and their respect affili compani . due to amongst other market and countri differ , t-mobil expressli state and eleph talk agre that thi agreement can not and will not creat ani preced for ani exist or futur discuss between eleph talk and t-mobile/deutsch telecom and their affili compani outsid the netherlands; sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 21. govern law thi agreement shall be govern by and constru in all respect exclus in accord with the law of the netherland . 22. disput resolut ani disput , exclud invoic disput as describ in appendix 7 , controversi or claim aris out of or in connect with ani aspect of thi agreement , or the breach , termin or invalid thereof , shall : a. in first instanc be refer to the author account manag of either parti . the account manag shall tri to solv the disput within ten ( 10 ) busi day . if the disput is not resolv within the latter period the appropri manag of both account manag will seek for a resolut within ten ( 10 ) busi days; and b. thereaft , if the matter is not resolv , it shall be refer to the chief execut offic of the manag board of the parti for a further period of ten ( 10 ) busi day for resolution; and thereaft , if the matter remain unresolv , it shall exclus be refer and final settl by the compet court in the hagu within the jurisdict of the netherland . sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008 confidenti treatment request with respect to certain portion hereof denot with “ ” host agreement between eleph talk and t-mobil , 18/9/2008 23. counterpart the agreement is written in the english languag in two ( 2 ) copi , each parti receiv one ( 1 ) duli sign copi . both copi are authent . sign in septemb 17 , 2008 for t-mobil netherland b.v. /s/ niek jan van damm name : mr. niek jan van damm titl : manag director for eleph talk commun hold ag /s/ steven van der velden name : mr. steven van der velden titl : ceo for t-mobil netherland b.v. /s/ han van leeuwen name : han van leeuwen titl : financieel directeur for eleph talk commun hold ag /s/ martin zuurbier name : mr. martin zuurbier titl : cto/coo ____________________________ sourc : pareteum corp , 8-k , 10/1/2008