exhibit 10.4 intellectu properti agreement by and between nuanc commun , inc. and cerenc inc. date as of septemb 30 , 2019 sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 tabl of content page articl i definit section 1.01. definit articl ii record of intellectu properti right assign agreement section 2.01. intellectu properti assign agreement section 2.02. record section 2.03. secur interest articl iii licens and coven from nuanc to spinco section 3.01. licens grant section 3.02. other coven articl iv licens and coven from spinco to nuanc section 4.01. licens grant section 4.02. other coven articl v addit intellectu properti relat matter section 5.01. ownership section 5.02. assign and licens section 5.03. no impli right section 5.04. no oblig to prosecut or maintain patent section 5.05. no technic assist section 5.06. group member articl vi confidenti inform section 6.01. confidenti section 6.02. disclosur of confidenti technic inform section 6.03. compulsori disclosur of confidenti technic inform articl vii limit of liabil and warranti disclaim i sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 section 7.01. limit on liabil section 7.02. disclaim of represent and warranti articl viii transfer and assign section 8.01. no assign or transfer without consent section 8.02. divest busi articl ix termin section 9.01. termin by both parti section 9.02. termin prior to the distribut section 9.03. effect of termination; surviv articl x further assur section 10.01. further assur articl xi miscellan section 11.01. counterparts; entir agreement; corpor power section 11.02. disput resolut section 11.03. govern law; jurisdict section 11.04. waiver of juri trial section 11.05. court-ord interim relief section 11.06. specif perform section 11.07. third-parti beneficiari section 11.08. notic section 11.09. import and export control section 11.10. bankruptci section 11.11. sever section 11.12. expens section 11.13. head section 11.14. surviv of coven section 11.15. waiver of default section 11.16. amend section 11.17. interpret schedul a – field of use schedul b – nuanc data schedul c – spinco data schedul d – spinco patent schedul e – spinco id schedul f – spinco trademark ii sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 schedul g – spinco domain name schedul h – technolog asset schedul i – oem technolog exhibit a1 – patent assign agreement exhibit a2 – trademark assign agreement exhibit a3 – domain name assign agreement exhibit a4 – invent disclosur assign agreement iii sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 intellectu properti agreement , date as of septemb 30 , 2019 ( thi “ agreement ” ) , by and between nuanc commun , inc. , a delawar corpor ( “ nuanc ” ) , and cerenc inc. , a delawar corpor ( “ spinco ” ) . recit wherea , in connect with the contempl spin-off of spinco and concurr with the execut of thi agreement , nuanc and spinco are enter into a separ and distribut agreement ( the “ separ agreement ” ) ; wherea , pursuant to the separ agreement and the other ancillari agreement , as of the distribut date , the nuanc ip ha been alloc to the nuanc group and the spinco ip ha been alloc to the spinco group; wherea , the parti wish to record the transfer of ani registr or applic of nuanc ip and spinco ip , as applic , to the extent the ownership thereof ha transfer from a member of the nuanc group to a member of the spinco group , or vice versa , pursuant to the separ agreement or ani other ancillari agreement; wherea , pursuant to the separ agreement and the other ancillari agreement , as of the distribut date , the nuanc ip alloc to the nuanc group includ the nuanc patent , the nuanc share technolog asset and the nuanc data , and the spinco ip alloc to the spinco group includ the spinco patent , the spinco share technolog asset and the spinco data; wherea , it is the intent of the parti that nuanc grant a licens to spinco under the nuanc patent and the nuanc share technolog asset , and provid certain right or servic to the spinco group with respect to the nuanc data , in each case for the spinco field of use , subject to the term and condit set forth in thi agreement; and wherea , it is the intent of the parti that spinco grant a licens to nuanc under the spinco patent and the spinco share technolog asset , and provid certain right or servic to the nuanc group with respect to certain of the spinco data , in each case for the nuanc field of use , subject to the term and condit set forth in thi agreement . now , therefor , in consider of the mutual agreement , provis and coven contain in thi agreement , the parti , intend to be legal bound , herebi agre as follow : articl i definit section 1.01. definit . as use in thi agreement , the follow term have the mean set forth below and herein , and the term defin in schedul shall have the mean set forth therein . capit term use , but not defin in thi agreement shall have the mean ascrib to such term in the separ agreement or ani other ancillari agreement , as applic . sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 “ bankruptci code ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.10 . “ confidenti technic inform ” mean , with respect to each disclos parti , ani confidenti data , trade secret or technolog sourc code within the nuanc ip or spinco ip , as applic , that is in the receiv parti ’ s possess or that the receiv parti obtain pursuant to the term of thi agreement , togeth with ani tangibl or electron express or embodi thereof; provid , that “ confidenti technic inform ” shall not includ inform that is or wa ( i ) publicli known at the time of disclosur or thereaft without ani breach of thi agreement by the receiv parti or it group or ( ii ) subsequ made known to the receiv parti or it group from a sourc unconnect with either parti or it group . “ copyright ” mean copyright , work of authorship ( includ all translat , adapt , deriv and combin thereof ) , mask work , design and databas right , includ , in each case , ani registr and applic therefor . “ data ” mean all data , databas and collect and compil of data , in ani form or medium . “ disclos parti ” mean each parti in it capac as the disclos of confidenti technic inform , as applic . “ divest entiti ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.02 . “ domain name assign agreement ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.01 . “ domain name ” mean internet domain name , includ top level domain name and global top level domain name , url , social media identifi , handl and tag . “ intellectu properti assign agreement ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.01 . “ intellectu properti right ” or “ ipr ” mean ani and all intellectu properti right exist anywher in the world associ with ani and all ( i ) patent , ( ii ) trademark , ( iii ) copyright , ( iv ) domain name , ( v ) right in technolog , ( vi ) right in trade secret , ( vii ) right in data , ( viii ) all tangibl embodi of the forego in whatev form or medium and ( ix ) ani other legal protect and right relat to ani of the forego . “ intellectu properti right ” specif exclud contractu right ( includ licens grant from third parti ) . “ invent disclosur assign agreement ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.01 . “ nuanc data ” mean ani data that is ( i ) own by a third parti and licens to the nuanc group as of immedi prior to the distribut pursuant to a nuanc data agreement or ( ii ) own by the nuanc group as of immedi prior to the distribut but subject to a nuanc data agreement , in each case ( i ) and ( ii ) , which data is use in the spinco busi as of immedi prior to the distribut . sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 “ nuanc data agreement ” mean each contract identifi in schedul b . “ nuanc field of use ” ha the mean set forth in schedul a . “ nuanc ip ” mean all intellectu properti right own by the nuanc group or the spinco group as of immedi prior to the distribut , other than the spinco ip . “ nuanc patent ” mean all patent includ within the nuanc ip . “ nuanc share technolog asset ” mean ( i ) the nuanc technolog asset identifi on schedul h-2 and ( ii ) ani other nuanc technolog asset not identifi on schedul h-2 that are use in the spinco busi as of immedi prior to the distribution; provid that the “ nuanc share technolog asset ” exclud ani oem technolog . “ nuanc technolog asset ” mean all of the technolog own by the nuanc group or the spinco group as of immedi prior to the distribut , exclud the spinco technolog asset . for the avoid of doubt , the “ nuanc technolog asset ” includ the technolog identifi on schedul h-1 . “ nuanc trademark ” mean the trademark includ in the nuanc ip . “ oem technolog ” mean the technolog identifi on schedul i , each of which shall be subject to a separ agreement . “ parti ” mean either parti hereto , and “ parti ” mean both parti hereto . “ patent assign agreement ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.01 . “ patent ” mean patent ( includ all reissu , division , continu , continuations-in-part , reexamin , supplement examin , inter part review , post-grant opposit , cover busi method review , substitut and extens thereof ) , patent registr and applic , includ provision applic , statutori invent registr , invent disclosur and invent . “ permit recipi ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.02 . “ receiv parti ” mean each parti in it capac as the recipi of confidenti technic inform , as applic . “ softwar ” mean ani and all ( i ) comput program and applic , includ ani and all softwar implement of algorithm , model and methodolog , whether in sourc code , object code , human readabl form or other form , includ oper softwar , network softwar , firmwar , middlewar , design softwar , design tool , asp , html , dhtml , shtml and xml file , cgi and other script , api and web widget , ( ii ) descript , flow chart and other work product use to design , plan , organ and develop ani of the forego , screen , user interfac , report format , firmwar , develop tool , templat , menu , button and icon , ( iii ) all document includ user manual and other train document relat to ani of the forego and ( iv ) all tangibl embodi of the forego in whatev sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 form or medium now known or yet to be creat , includ all disk , diskett and tapes; provid , that “ softwar ” doe not includ data . “ spinco copyright ” mean unregist copyright that are own by the nuanc group or the spinco group and exclus relat to the spinco busi as of immedi prior to the distribution; provid , that the “ spinco copyright ” do not includ ani technolog or spinco data . “ spinco data ” mean ani data that is ( i ) own by a third parti and licens to the nuanc group or spinco group as of immedi prior to the distribut pursuant to a spinco data agreement or ( ii ) own by the nuanc group or spinco group as of immedi prior to the distribut but subject to a spinco data agreement and ( iii ) data own by the nuanc group or spinco group and exclus relat to the spinco busi as of immedi prior to the distribut . “ spinco data agreement ” mean each contract identifi in schedul c. “ spinco domain name ” mean the domain name identifi on schedul g , in each case exclud ani trademark contain “ nuanc ” or ani transliter or translat thereof or ani version of the “ nuanc and design ” logo . “ spinco field of use ” ha the mean set forth in schedul a . “ spinco id ” mean the invent disclosur identifi on schedul e. “ spinco ip ” mean ( i ) the spinco patent , ( ii ) the spinco copyright , ( iii ) the spinco domain name , ( iv ) the spinco trade secret , ( v ) the spinco trademark , ( vi ) the spinco id , ( vii ) the spinco technolog asset and ( viii ) the spinco data . “ spinco patent ” mean the patent identifi on schedul d. “ spinco share technolog asset ” mean the spinco technolog asset identifi on schedul h-4 . for the avoid of doubt , the “ spinco share technolog asset ” exclud ani oem technolog . “ spinco technolog asset ” mean the technolog identifi on schedul h-3 . “ spinco trade secret ” mean the trade secret known to the parti that are own by the nuanc group or spinco group and exclus relat to the spinco busi as of immedi prior to the distribution; provid , that the “ spinco trade secret ” do not includ ani technolog or spinco data . “ spinco trademark ” mean the trademark identifi on schedul f. “ technolog ” mean softwar , technic document , specif , schemat , design , user interfac , test report , bill of materi , build instruct , lab notebook , prototyp , sampl , program , routin , subroutin , tool , materi , apparatu , and all record , graph , draw , report , analys , other write , disk , diskett and tape , sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 togeth with all intellectu properti right ( other than patent and trademark ) in the forego . “ third parti ” mean ani person ( includ ani government author ) who is not a member of the nuanc group or the spinco group . “ trade secret ” mean all inform , in ani form or medium , to the extent that the owner thereof ha taken reason measur to keep such inform secret and the inform deriv independ econom valu , actual or potenti , from not be gener known to , and not be readili ascertain through proper mean by , the public . “ trademark assign agreement ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.01 . “ trademark ” mean trademark , servic mark , trade name , logo , slogan , trade dress or other sourc identifi , includ ani registr or ani applic for registr therefor , togeth with all goodwil associ therewith . articl ii record of intellectu properti right assign agreement section 2.01. intellectu properti assign agreement . in order to carri out the intent of the parti with respect to the record of the transfer of ani registr or applic of nuanc ip or spinco ip , as applic , to the extent the ownership thereof ha transfer from a member of the nuanc group to a member of the spinco group , or vice versa , pursuant to the separ agreement or ani other ancillari agreement , the parti shall execut intellectu properti assign in a form substanti similar to that attach as exhibit a1 ( the “ patent assign agreement ” ) , exhibit a2 ( the “ trademark assign agreement ” ) , exhibit a3 ( the “ domain name assign agreement ” ) and exhibit a4 ( the “ invent disclosur assign agreement ” ) as well as such addit case specif assign as deem appropri or necessari under applic law ( collect , the “ intellectu properti assign agreement ” ) for record with the appropri government author . section 2.02. record . the relev assigne parti shall have the sole respons , at it sole cost and expens , to file the intellectu properti assign agreement and ani other form or document with the appropri government author as requir to record the transfer of ani registr or applic of nuanc ip or spinco ip that is alloc under the separ agreement , as applic , and the relev assignor parti herebi consent to such record . section 2.03. secur interest . prior to , on and after the distribut date , each parti shall cooper with the other parti , without ani further consider and at no expens to the other parti , to obtain , caus to be obtain or properli record the releas of ani outstand secur interest attach to ani nuanc ip or spinco ip that is subject to assign from one parti or it group to the other parti or it group hereund , as applic , and to take , or caus to be taken , all action as the other parti may reason be request to take in order to obtain , caus to be obtain or properli record such releas . sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 articl iii licens and coven from nuanc to spinco section 3.01. licens grant . ( a ) patent . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , as of the distribut date , nuanc herebi grant to spinco and the member of the spinco group a worldwid , non-exclus , fulli paid-up , perpetu and irrevoc , transfer ( subject to articl viii ) , sublicens ( subject to section 3.01 ( g ) ) licens under the nuanc patent , sole to the extent that claim of the nuanc patent cover product or servic of the spinco busi in the spinco field of use , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof , in each case to make , have made , use , sell , offer for sale , import and otherwis exploit such product and servic , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof . ( b ) technolog . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , as of the distribut date , nuanc herebi grant to spinco and the member of the spinco group a worldwid , non-exclus , fulli paid-up , perpetu and irrevoc , transfer ( subject to articl viii ) , sublicens ( subject to section 3.01 ( g ) ) licens to instal , access , use , reproduc , perform , display , modifi ( includ the right to creat improv and deriv work ) , further develop , sell , manufactur , distribut and market product and servic base on , use or incorpor the nuanc share technolog asset within the spinco field of use , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof . ( c ) other nuanc share ip . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , as of the distribut date , nuanc herebi grant to spinco and the member of the spinco group a worldwid , non-exclus , fulli paid-up , perpetu and irrevoc , transfer ( subject to articl viii ) , sublicens ( subject to section 3.01 ( g ) ) licens to continu to use ani nuanc ip ( other than nuanc patent , nuanc technolog asset , nuanc trademark and nuanc data ) , in each case sole as and to the extent that it is use by the spinco group in connect with product and servic of the spinco busi within the spinco field of use , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof . ( d ) trademark . the parti acknowledg and agre that no right are grant to the spinco group in thi agreement with respect to ani trademark or domain name , provid that certain right and oblig with respect to the use by the spinco group of certain nuanc trademark and relat domain name shall be set forth in the transit trademark licens agreement . to the extent there is a conflict between the term of thi agreement and the transit trademark licens agreement , the term of the transit trademark licens agreement shall control . ( e ) nuanc data . the parti acknowledg and agre that certain right and oblig with respect to the use or benefit by the spinco group of certain nuanc data shall be as provid in schedul b . ( f ) oem technolog . notwithstand the forego , the parti acknowledg and agre that thi section 3.01 doe not grant ani right or licens to ani oem technolog , which is subject to certain separ agreement between the parti , and to the sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 extent there is a conflict between thi agreement and such separ agreement , such separ agreement shall control . ( g ) sublicens . the licens grant in section 3.01 ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) to the spinco group includ the right to grant sublicens within the scope of such licens onli to member of the spinco group and , without ani further right to sublicens , to their respect ( i ) contractor , distributor , manufactur and resel , in each case sole for the benefit of the spinco busi , and ( ii ) end user and custom , in each case sole in connect with the use of product and servic of the spinco busi . notwithstand the forgo , subject to section 3.02 ( b ) and articl vi , member of the spinco group may onli sublicens the nuanc share technolog asset pursuant to term and condit as protect as those under which it licens it own technolog of a similar natur and valu , and in ani event term and condit that provid for commerci reason protect for the sourc code , structur and other confidenti and proprietari element of the nuanc share technolog asset . the spinco group shall remain liabl for ani breach or default of the applic term and condit of thi agreement by ani of it sublicense . section 3.02. other coven . ( a ) spinco herebi acknowledg nuanc ’ s right , titl and interest in and to the nuanc ip . spinco agre that it will not ( i ) oppos , challeng , petit to cancel , contest or threaten in ani way , or assist anoth parti in oppos , challeng , petit to cancel , contest or threaten in ani way , ani applic or registr by nuanc or it affili or their respect license for ani nuanc ip , ( ii ) engag in ani act , or purpos omit to perform ani act , that impair or advers affect the right of nuanc or ani member of the nuanc group in and to ani nuanc ip or ( iii ) appli for ani registr ( includ feder , state and nation registr ) with respect to the nuanc ip . ( b ) with respect to the nuanc share technolog asset , spinco agre that it will not ( i ) engag in ani act , or purpos omit to perform ani act , that impair or advers affect the right of nuanc or ani member of the nuanc group in and to ani nuanc share technolog asset , ( ii ) use the nuanc share technolog asset on a servic bureau , time share or similar basi , or for the benefit of ani other person , ( iii ) remov ani proprietari mark in the nuanc share technolog asset , ( iv ) incorpor or otherwis combin or integr ani open sourc softwar with or into the nuanc share technolog asset such that the nuanc share technolog asset , or ani part thereof , becom subject to ani “ open sourc , ” “ copyleft ” or similar type of licens term ( includ , without limit , ani licens that is or wa recogn as an open sourc softwar licens by the open sourc initi ) , ( v ) revers engin , revers assembl or decompil the nuanc share technolog asset or ani softwar compon of the nuanc share technolog asset or ( vi ) disclos , distribut or otherwis provid or permit access to sourc code of ani nuanc share sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 technolog asset other than to commerci sourc code escrow provid who are onli permit to make such sourc code avail to third parti that have enter into an escrow agreement with a member of the spinco group and escrow provid . articl iv licens and coven from spinco to nuanc section 4.01. licens grant . ( a ) patent . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , as of the distribut date , spinco herebi grant to nuanc and the member of the nuanc group a worldwid , non-exclus , fulli paid-up , perpetu and irrevoc , transfer ( subject to articl viii ) , sublicens ( subject to section 4.01 ( g ) ) licens under the spinco patent , sole to the extent that claim of the spinco patent cover product or servic of the nuanc busi in the nuanc field of use , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof , in each case to make , have made use , sell , offer for sale , import and otherwis exploit such product and servic , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof . ( b ) technolog . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , as of the distribut date , spinco herebi grant to nuanc and the member of the nuanc group a worldwid , non-exclus , fulli paid-up , perpetu and irrevoc , transfer ( subject to articl viii ) , sublicens ( subject to section 4.01 ( g ) ) licens to instal , access , use , reproduc , perform , display , modifi ( includ the right to creat improv and deriv work ) , further develop , sell , manufactur , distribut and market product and servic base on , use or incorpor the spinco share technolog asset within the nuanc field of use , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof . ( c ) other spinco share ip . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , as of the distribut date , spinco herebi grant to nuanc and the member of the nuanc group a worldwid , non-exclus , fulli paid-up , perpetu and irrevoc , transfer ( subject to articl viii ) , sublicens ( subject to section 4.01 ( g ) ) licens to continu to use ani spinco ip ( other than spinco patent , spinco technolog asset , spinco trademark , spinco domain name and spinco data ) , in each case sole as and to the extent that it is use by the nuanc group in connect with product and servic of the nuanc busi within the nuanc field of use , togeth with natur extens and evolut thereof . ( d ) trademark . the parti acknowledg and agre that no right are grant to the nuanc group in thi agreement with respect to ani trademark or domain name . ( e ) spinco data . the parti acknowledg and agre that certain right and oblig with respect to the use or benefit of the nuanc group of certain spinco data shall be as provid in schedul c. ( f ) oem technolog . notwithstand the forego , the parti acknowledg and agre that thi section 4.01 doe not grant ani right or licens to ani oem technolog , which is subject to certain separ agreement between the parti , and to the sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 extent there is a conflict between thi agreement and such separ agreement , such separ agreement shall control . ( g ) sublicens . the licens grant in section 4.01 ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) to the nuanc group includ the right to grant sublicens within the scope of such licens onli to member of the nuanc group and , without ani further right to sublicens , to their respect ( i ) contractor , distributor , manufactur and resel , in each case sole for the benefit of the nuanc busi and ( ii ) end user and custom , in each case sole in connect with the use of product and servic of the nuanc busi . notwithstand the forgo , subject to section 4.02 ( b ) and articl vi , member of the nuanc group may onli sublicens the spinco share technolog asset pursuant to term and condit as protect as those under which it licens it own technolog of a similar natur and valu , and in ani event term and condit that provid for commerci reason protect for the sourc code , structur and other confidenti and proprietari element of the spinco share technolog asset . the nuanc group shall remain liabl for ani breach or default of the applic term and condit of thi agreement by ani of it sublicense . section 4.02. other coven . ( a ) nuanc herebi acknowledg spinco ’ s right , titl and interest in and to the spinco ip . nuanc agre that it will not ( i ) oppos , challeng , petit to cancel , contest or threaten in ani way , or assist anoth parti in oppos , challeng , petit to cancel , contest or threaten in ani way , ani applic or registr by spinco or it affili or their respect license for ani spinco ip , ( ii ) engag in ani act , or purpos omit to perform ani act , that impair or advers affect the right of spinco or ani member of the spinco group in and to ani spinco ip or ( iii ) appli for ani registr ( includ feder , state and nation registr ) with respect to the spinco ip . ( b ) with respect to the spinco share technolog asset , nuanc agre that it will not ( i ) engag in ani act , or purpos omit to perform ani act , that impair or advers affect the right of spinco or ani member of the spinco group in and to ani spinco share technolog asset , ( ii ) use the spinco share technolog asset on a servic bureau , time share or similar basi , or for the benefit of ani other person , ( iii ) remov ani proprietari mark in the spinco share technolog asset , ( iv ) incorpor or otherwis combin or integr ani open sourc softwar with or into the spinco share technolog asset such that the spinco share technolog asset , or ani part thereof , becom subject to ani “ open sourc , ” “ copyleft ” or similar type of licens term ( includ , without limit , ani licens that is or wa recogn as an open sourc softwar licens by the open sourc initi ) , ( v ) revers engin , revers assembl or decompil the spinco share technolog asset or ani softwar compon of the spinco share technolog asset or ( vi ) disclos , distribut or otherwis provid or permit access to sourc code of ani spinco share sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 technolog asset other than to commerci sourc code escrow provid who are onli permit to make such sourc code avail to third parti that have enter into an escrow agreement with a member of the nuanc group and escrow provid . articl v addit intellectu properti relat matter section 5.01. ownership . the parti receiv the licens hereund acknowledg and agre that the parti ( or the applic member of it group ) grant the licens is the sole and exclus owner of the intellectu properti right so licens . section 5.02. assign and licens . ani assign , other transfer or licens by either parti or ani member of it group of ani intellectu properti right licens to the other parti or ani member of it group pursuant to articl iii or articl iv , respect , shall be subject to the applic licens , coven and restrict set forth herein . section 5.03. no impli right . noth contain in thi agreement shall be constru as confer ani right ( includ the right to sublicens ) by implic , estoppel or otherwis , under ani intellectu properti right , other than as expressli grant in thi agreement , and all other right under ani intellectu properti right licens to a parti or the member of it group hereund are expressli reserv by the parti grant the licens . section 5.04. no oblig to prosecut or maintain patent . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , no parti or ani member of it group shall have ani oblig to seek , perfect or maintain ani protect for ani of it intellectu properti right . without limit the gener of the forego , except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , no parti or ani member of it group shall have ani oblig to file ani patent applic , to prosecut ani patent , or secur ani patent right or to maintain ani patent in forc . section 5.05. no technic assist . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , in the separ agreement or ani other mutual execut agreement between the parti or ani of the member of their respect group , no parti or ani member of it group shall be requir to provid the other parti with ani technic assist or to furnish ani other parti with , or obtain on their behalf , ani intellectu properti rights-rel document , materi or other inform or technolog . section 5.06. group member . each parti shall caus the member of it group to compli with all applic provis of thi agreement . articl vi confidenti inform section 6.01. confidenti . without limit section 6.02 , all confidenti inform of a parti disclos to the other parti under thi agreement shall be deem confidenti and proprietari inform of the disclos parti , shall be subject to the provis of section 7.09 of the separ agreement and may be use by the receiv parti pursuant to thi agreement for the sole and express purpos of effect the licens grant herein . sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 section 6.02. disclosur of confidenti technic inform . except as expressli permit by thi agreement , includ in section 3.02 ( b ) ( vi ) or section 4.02 ( b ) ( vi ) , the receiv parti shall not , and shall not permit ani other person to , disclos ani confidenti technic inform to ani person without prior written consent of the disclos parti , except that the receiv parti may disclos the confidenti technic inform sole to those employe and contractor of the receiv parti who have a need to know the confidenti technic inform in connect with design , develop , distribut , market , test and support ani product or servic of the receiv parti within the nuanc field of use or spinco field of use , as applic ( collect , the “ permit recipi ” ) ; provid , that prior to such disclosur the receiv parti shall notifi each such permit recipi in write of the use and disclosur restrict set forth in thi agreement and ensur that such permit recipi is bound by confidenti oblig with respect thereto . the receiv parti shall take , at it sole expens , all reason measur to prevent ani prohibit or unauthor disclosur or use of ani confidenti technic inform , includ by it permit recipi , and shall be liabl for ani breach of thi agreement by ani of it permit recipi , in each case , as if commit by the receiv parti . section 6.03. compulsori disclosur of confidenti technic inform . if the receiv parti receiv a request to disclos ani confidenti technic inform pursuant to a subpoena or other order of a government author : ( i ) the receiv parti shall promptli notifi in write the disclos parti thereof and reason consult with and assist the disclos parti in seek a protect order or other appropri remedi to limit such disclosur , ( ii ) in the event that such protect order or remedi is not obtain , the receiv parti shall disclos onli that portion of the confidenti technic inform which , in the written opinion of the receiv parti ’ s legal counsel , is legal requir to be disclos , and the receiv parti shall use reason best effort to ensur confidenti treatment of ani such disclos confidenti technic inform and ( iii ) the disclos parti shall be given an opportun to review ani such confidenti technic inform prior to disclosur thereof . the parti shall fulli cooper , to the extent permit by law , in ani action the disclos parti may take in seek to prevent or limit such disclosur . ani confidenti technic inform disclos under thi section 6.03 shall continu to be deem confidenti technic inform for all purpos hereund , notwithstand such disclosur . articl vii limit of liabil and warranti disclaim section 7.01. limit on liabil . without limit the term set forth in section 6.09 of the separ agreement , none of nuanc , spinco or ani other member of either group shall in ani event have ani liabil to the other or to ani other member of the other ’ s group under thi agreement for ani indirect , special , punit or consequenti damag , whether or not caus by or result from neglig or breach of oblig hereund and whether or not inform of the possibl of the exist of such damag . section 7.02. disclaim of represent and warranti . each of nuanc ( on behalf of itself and each other member of the nuanc group ) and spinco ( on behalf of itself and each other member of the spinco group ) understand and agre that , except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , no parti is repres or warrant in ani way , includ ani sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 impli warranti of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , titl , register , allow , enforc or non-infring , as to ani intellectu properti right licens hereund , as to the suffici of the intellectu properti right licens hereund for the conduct and oper of the spinco busi or the nuanc busi , as applic , as to the valu or freedom from ani secur interest of , or ani other matter concern , ani intellectu properti right licens hereund , or as to the absenc of ani defens or right of setoff or freedom from counterclaim with respect to ani claim or other intellectu properti right of ani such parti , or as to the legal suffici of ani assign , document or instrument deliv hereund to convey titl to ani intellectu properti right or thing of valu upon the execut , deliveri and file hereof or thereof . except as may expressli be set forth herein , ani such intellectu properti right are be licens on an “ as is , ” “ where is ” basi and the respect license shall bear the econom and legal risk relat to the use of the nuanc ip in the spinco busi or the spinco ip in the nuanc busi , as applic . articl viii transfer and assign section 8.01. no assign or transfer without consent . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , neither thi agreement nor ani of the right , interest or oblig under thi agreement , includ the licens grant pursuant to thi agreement , shall be assign , in whole or in part , by oper of law or otherwis by either parti without the prior written consent of the other parti . ani purport assign without such consent shall be void . notwithstand the forego , if ani parti to thi agreement ( or ani of it successor or permit assign ) ( a ) shall enter into a consolid or merger transact in which such parti is not the surviv entiti and the surviv entiti acquir or assum all or substanti all of such parti ’ s asset , ( b ) shall transfer all or substanti all of such parti ’ s asset to ani person or ( c ) shall assign thi agreement to such parti ’ s affili , then , in each such case , the assign parti ( or it successor or permit assign , as applic ) shall ensur that the assigne or successor-in-interest expressli assum in write all of the oblig of the assign parti under thi agreement , and the assign parti shall not be requir to seek consent , but shall provid written notic and evid of such assign , assumpt or success to the non-assign parti . subject to the preced sentenc , thi agreement will be bind upon , inur to the benefit of , and be enforc by , the parti and their respect successor and assign . no assign permit by thi section 8.01 shall releas the assign parti from liabil for the full perform of it oblig under thi agreement . for the avoid of doubt , in no event will the licens grant in thi agreement extend to product , servic or other activ of the assigne exist on or befor the date of the transact describ in claus ( a ) or ( b ) of the preced sentenc , except to the extent that they were licens under the term of thi agreement prior to such transact . section 8.02. divest busi . in the event a parti divest a line of busi or line of product or servic by ( a ) spin off a member of it group by it sale or other disposit to a third parti , ( b ) reduc ownership or control in a member of it group so that it no longer qualifi as a member of it group under thi agreement , ( c ) sell or otherwis transfer such line of busi , product or servic to a third parti or ( d ) form a joint ventur with a third parti with respect to such line of busi , product or servic ( each such divest entiti or line of busi , product or servic , a “ divest entiti ” ) , the divest entiti sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 shall retain those licens grant to it under thi agreement , provid that the licens shall be limit to the busi , product or servic ( as applic ) of the divest entiti as of the date of divest and such natur develop thereof within the nuanc field of use ( where nuanc is the divest parti ) or spinco field of use ( where spinco is the divest parti ) . the retent of ani licens grant are subject to the divest entiti ’ s and , in the event it is acquir by a third parti , such third parti ’ s execut and deliveri to the non-transf parti , within 90 day of the effect date of such divest , of a duli author , written undertak , agre to be bound by the applic term of thi agreement . for the avoid of doubt , ( i ) in no event will the licens retain by a divest entiti extend to product , servic or other activ of a third parti acquir exist on or befor the date of the divest , except to the extent that they were licens under the term of thi agreement prior to such divest , and ( ii ) in the event that a divest entiti own ani intellectu properti right licens to the other parti under thi agreement , such intellectu properti right may be transfer or assign with such divest entiti subject to the term and condit thi agreement . articl ix termin section 9.01. termin by both parti . subject to section 9.02 , thi agreement may not be termin except by an agreement in write sign by a duli author offic of each of the parti . section 9.02. termin prior to the distribut . thi agreement may be termin by nuanc at ani time , in it sole discret , prior to the distribution; provid , howev , that thi agreement shall automat termin upon the termin of the separ agreement in accord with it term . section 9.03. effect of termination; surviv . in the event of ani termin of thi agreement prior to the distribut , neither parti ( nor ani member of their group or ani of their respect director or offic ) shall have ani liabil or further oblig to the other parti or ani member of it group under thi agreement . except with respect to termin of the agreement under section 9.02 , notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , articl i , articl vi , articl vii , thi section 9.03 and articl xi shall surviv ani termin of thi agreement . articl x further assur section 10.01. further assur . ( a ) in addit to the action specif provid for elsewher in thi agreement , each of the parti shall use reason best effort , prior to , on and after the distribut date , to take , or caus to be taken , all action , and to do , or caus to be done , all thing , reason necessari , proper or advis under applic law and agreement to consumm , and make effect , the transact contempl by thi agreement . ( b ) without limit the forego , prior to , on and after the distribut date , each parti shall cooper with the other parti , without ani further sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 consider , but at the expens of the request parti : ( i ) to execut and deliv , or use reason best effort to execut and deliv , or caus to be execut and deliv , all instrument , includ ani instrument of convey , assign and transfer as such parti may reason be request to execut and deliv by the other party; ( ii ) to make , or caus to be made , all file with , and to obtain , or caus to be obtain , all consent of ani government author or ani other person under ani permit , licens , contract , indentur or other instrument; and ( iii ) to take , or caus to be taken , all such other action as such parti may reason be request to take by the other parti from time to time , consist with the term of thi agreement , in order to effectu the provis and purpos of thi agreement and ani transfer of intellectu properti right or assign and assumpt of liabil relat thereto as set forth in the separ agreement . articl xi miscellan section 11.01. counterparts; entir agreement; corpor power . ( a ) thi agreement may be execut in one or more counterpart , all of which counterpart shall be consid one and the same agreement , and shall becom effect when one or more counterpart have been sign by each parti and deliv to the other parti . thi agreement may be execut by facsimil or pdf signatur and scan and exchang by electron mail , and such facsimil or pdf signatur or scan and exchang copi shall constitut an origin for all purpos . ( b ) thi agreement and the exhibit and schedul hereto contain the entir agreement between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersed all previou agreement , negoti , discuss , write , understand , commit and convers with respect to such subject matter , and there are no agreement or understand between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those set forth or refer to herein or therein . in the event of conflict or inconsist between the provis of thi agreement or the separ agreement , the provis of thi agreement shall prevail . ( c ) nuanc repres on behalf of itself and each other member of the nuanc group , and spinco repres on behalf of itself and each other member of the spinco group , as follow : ( i ) each such person ha the requisit corpor or other power and author and ha taken all corpor or other action necessari in order to execut , deliv and perform thi agreement and to consumm the transact contempl hereby; and ( ii ) thi agreement ha been duli execut and deliv by it and constitut , or will constitut , a valid and bind agreement of it enforc in accord with the term thereof . section 11.02. disput resolut . in the event that either parti , act reason , form the view that anoth parti ha caus a materi breach of the term of thi agreement , then the parti that form such a view shall serv written notic of the alleg breach on the other parti and the parti shall work togeth in good faith to resolv ani such alleg sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 breach within thirti ( 30 ) day of such notic ( a “ disput ” ) . if ani such alleg breach is not so resolv , then a senior execut of each parti shall , in good faith , attempt to resolv ani such alleg breach within the follow thirti ( 30 ) day of the referr of the matter to the senior execut . if no resolut is reach with respect to ani such alleg breach in accord with the procedur contain in thi section 11.02 , then the parti may seek to resolv such matter in accord with section 11.03 , section 11.04 , section 11.05 and section 11.06 section 11.03. govern law; jurisdict . ani disput relat to , aris out of or result from thi agreement , includ to it execut , perform , or enforc , shall be govern by , and constru in accord with , the law of the state of delawar , regardless of the law that might otherwis govern under applic principl of conflict of law thereof . each parti irrevoc consent to the exclus jurisdict , forum and venu of the delawar court of chanceri ( and if the delawar court of chanceri shall be unavail , ani delawar state court or the feder court sit in the state of delawar ) over ani and all claim , disput , controversi or disagr between the parti or ani of their respect affili , successor and assign under or relat to thi agreement or ani of the transact contempl herebi , includ their execut , perform or enforc , whether in contract , tort or otherwis . each of the parti herebi agre that it shall not assert , and shall herebi waiv , ani claim or right or defens that it is not subject to the jurisdict of such court , that the venu is improp , that the forum is inconveni or ani similar object , claim or argument . each parti agre that a final judgment in ani legal proceed resolv in accord with thi section 11.03 , section 11.04 , section 11.05 and section 11.06 shall be conclus and may be enforc in other jurisdict by suit on the judgment or in ani other manner provid by applic law . section 11.04. waiver of juri trial . each parti herebi waiv it right to a juri trial of ani claim or caus of action relat to , aris out of or result from thi agreement or the transact contempl herebi , includ their execut , perform or enforc , whether in contract , tort or otherwis . the scope of thi waiver is intend to be all-encompass of ani and all disput that may be file in ani court and that relat to the subject matter of thi transact , includ contract claim , tort claim ( includ neglig ) , breach of duti claim and all other common law and statutori claim . thi section ha been fulli discuss by each of the parti and these provis will not be subject to ani except . section 11.05. court-ord interim relief . in accord with section 11.03 and section 11.04 , at ani time after give notic of a disput , each parti shall be entitl to interim measur of protect duli grant by a court of compet jurisdict : ( 1 ) to preserv the statu quo pend resolut of the dispute; ( 2 ) to prevent the destruct or loss of document and other inform or thing relat to the dispute; or ( 3 ) to prevent the transfer , disposit or hide of asset . ani such interim measur ( or a request therefor to a court of compet jurisdict ) shall not be deem incompat with the provis of section 11.02 , section 11.03 and section 11.04. until such disput is resolv in accord with section 11.02 or final judgment is render in accord with section 11.03 and section 11.04 , each sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 parti agre that such parti shall continu to perform it oblig under thi agreement and that such oblig shall not be subject to ani defens or setoff , counterclaim , recoup or termin . section 11.06. specif perform . subject to section 11.02 and section 11.05 , in the event of ani actual or threaten default in , or breach of , ani of the term , condit and provis of thi agreement , the affect parti shall have the right to specif perform and injunct or other equit relief of it right under thi agreement , in addit to ani and all other right and remedi at law or in equiti , and all such right and remedi shall be cumul . the other parti shall not oppos the grant of such relief on the basi that money damag are an adequ remedi . the parti agre that the remedi at law for ani breach or threaten breach hereof , includ monetari damag , are inadequ compens for ani loss and that ani defens in ani action for specif perform that a remedi at law would be adequ is waiv . ani requir for the secur or post of ani bond or similar secur with such remedi are waiv . section 11.07. third-parti beneficiari . except as otherwis expressli set forth herein or as otherwis may be provid in the separ agreement with respect to the right of ani nuanc indemnite or spinco indemnite , in hi , her or it respect capac as such , ( a ) the provis of thi agreement are sole for the benefit of the parti hereto and are not intend to confer upon ani person except the parti hereto ani right or remedi hereund and ( b ) there are no third-parti beneficiari of thi agreement and thi agreement shall not provid ani third person with ani remedi , claim , liabil , reimburs , caus of action or other right in excess of those exist without refer to thi agreement . section 11.08. notic . all notic or other commun under thi agreement shall be in write and shall be deem to be duli given ( a ) when deliv in person , ( b ) on the date receiv , if sent by a nation recogn deliveri or courier servic , ( c ) upon written confirm of receipt after transmitt by electron mail or ( d ) upon the earlier of confirm receipt or the fifth ( 5th ) busi day follow the date of mail if sent by regist or certifi mail , return receipt request , postag prepaid and address as follow : if to nuanc , to : nuanc commun , inc. 1 waysid road , burlington , ma 01803 attn : wendi cassiti , evp and chief legal offic email : wendy.cassitynuance.com with a copi to : david garfinkel , svp corpor develop email : david.garfinkelnuance.com and paul , weiss , rifkind , wharton & garrison llp 1285 avenu of the america new york , ny 10019-6064 attn : scott a. barshay steven j. william sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 michael e. vogel email : sbarshaypaulweiss.com swilliamspaulweiss.com mvogelpaulweiss.com facsimil : 212-492-0040 if to spinco , to : cerenc inc. 15 waysid road , burlington , ma 01803 attn : leann fitzgerald , gener counsel email : leanne.fitzgeraldcerence.com with a copi to : mark gallenberg , chief financi offic email : mark.gallenbergercerence.com either parti may , by notic to the other parti , chang the address and ident of the person to which such notic and copi of such notic are to be given . each parti agre that noth in thi agreement shall affect the other parti ’ s right to serv process in ani other manner permit by law ( includ pursuant to the rule for foreign servic of process author by the hagu convent ) . section 11.09. import and export control . each parti agre that it shall compli with all applic nation and intern law and regul relat to import and/or export control in it countri ( i ) , if ani , involv ani commod , softwar , servic or technolog within the scope of thi agreement . section 11.10. bankruptci . the parti acknowledg and agre that all right and licens grant by the other under or pursuant to thi agreement are , and shall otherwis be deem to be , for purpos of section 365 ( n ) of the unit state bankruptci code , as amend ( the “ bankruptci code ” ) , licens of right to “ intellectu properti ” as defin under section 101 of the bankruptci code . the parti agre that , notwithstand anyth els in thi agreement , nuanc and the member of the nuanc group and spinco and the member of the spinco group , as license of such intellectu properti right under thi agreement , shall retain and may fulli exercis all of it right and elect under the bankruptci code ( includ nuanc ’ s and the nuanc group member ’ and spinco ’ s and the spinco group member ’ right sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 to the continu enjoy of the right and licens respect grant by under thi agreement ) . section 11.11. sever . if ani provis of thi agreement or the applic thereof to ani person or circumst is determin by a court of compet jurisdict to be invalid , void or unenforc , the remain provis hereof , or the applic of such provis to person or circumst , or in jurisdict other than those as to which it ha been held invalid or unenforc , shall remain in full forc and effect and shall in no way be affect , impair or invalid therebi , so long as the econom or legal substanc of the transact contempl herebi is not affect in ani manner materi advers to either parti . upon ani such determin , ani such provis , to the extent determin to be invalid , void or unenforc , shall be deem replac by a provis that such court determin is valid and enforc and that come closest to express the intent of the invalid , void or unenforc provis . section 11.12. expens . except as set forth on schedul xxiv to the separ agreement , as otherwis expressli provid in thi agreement or the separ agreement , ( i ) all third-parti fee , cost and expens incur by either the nuanc group or the spinco group in connect with effect the spin-off prior to or on the distribut date , whether payabl prior to , on or follow the distribut date ( but exclud , for the avoid of doubt , ani financ fee or interest payabl in respect of ani indebted incur by spinco in connect with the spin-off ) , will be born and paid by nuanc and ( ii ) all third-parti fee , cost and expens incur by either the nuanc group or the spinco group in connect with effect the spin-off follow the distribut date , whether payabl prior to , on or follow the distribut date , will be born and paid by the parti incur such fee , cost or expens . for the avoid of doubt , thi section 11.12 shall not affect each parti ’ s respons to indemnifi nuanc liabil or spinco liabil , as applic , aris from the transact contempl by the distribut . section 11.13. head . the articl , section and paragraph head contain in thi agreement , includ in the tabl of content of thi agreement , are for refer purpos onli and shall not affect in ani way the mean or interpret of thi agreement . section 11.14. surviv of coven . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , the coven in thi agreement and the liabil for the breach of ani oblig in thi agreement shall surviv the spin-off and shall remain in full forc and effect . section 11.15. waiver of default . no failur or delay of ani parti ( or the applic member of it group ) in exercis ani right or remedi under thi agreement shall oper as a waiver thereof , nor shall ani singl or partial exercis of ani such right or power , or ani abandon or discontinu of step to enforc such right or power , or ani cours of conduct , preclud ani other or further exercis thereof or the exercis of ani other right or power . waiver by ani parti of ani default by the other parti of ani provis of thi agreement shall not be deem a waiver by the waiv parti of ani subsequ or other default . section 11.16. amend . no provis of thi agreement shall be deem waiv , amend , supplement or modifi by ani parti , unless such waiver , amend , sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 supplement or modif is in write and sign by the author repres of each parti . section 11.17. interpret . word in the singular shall be held to includ the plural and vice versa and word of one gender shall be held to includ the other gender as the context requir . the term “ hereof , ” “ herein , ” “ herewith ” and word of similar import , unless otherwis state , shall be constru to refer to thi agreement as a whole ( includ all of the schedul hereto ) and not to ani particular provis of thi agreement . articl , section or schedul refer are to the articl , section and schedul of or to thi agreement unless otherwis specifi . ani capit term use in ani schedul to thi agreement but not otherwis defin therein shall have the mean as defin in thi agreement . ani definit of or refer to ani agreement , instrument or other document herein ( includ ani refer herein to thi agreement ) shall , unless otherwis state , be constru as refer to such agreement , instrument or other document as from time to time amend , supplement or otherwis modifi ( subject to ani restrict on such amend , supplement or modif set forth therein , includ in section 11.16 abov ) . the word “ includ ” and word of similar import when use in thi agreement shall mean “ includ , without limit , ” unless the context otherwis requir or unless otherwis specifi . the word “ or ” shall not be exclus . the word “ extent ” in the phrase “ to the extent ” shall mean the degre to which a subject or other thing extend , and such phrase shall not mean simpli “ if. ” all refer to “ ” or dollar amount are to the law currenc of the unit state of america . in the event that an ambigu or question of intent or interpret aris , thi agreement shall be constru as if draft jointli by the parti , and no presumpt or burden of proof shall aris favor or disfavor either parti by virtu of the authorship of ani provis hereof . [ signatur page follow ] sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019 in wit whereof , the parti have caus thi intellectu properti agreement to be execut by their duli author repres . nuanc commun , inc. by : /s/ wendi cassiti name : wendi cassiti titl : execut vice presid and chief legal offic cerenc inc. by : /s/ leann fitzgerald name : leann fitzgerald titl : vice presid and secretari [ signatur page to the intellectu properti agreement ] sourc : cerenc inc. , 8-k , 10/2/2019