exhibit 10.1 joint ventur agreement thi joint ventur agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) made and enter into thi 20th day of friday , march 2020 ( the “ execut date ” ) , between : borrowmoney.com , inc of 512 bayshor dr , suit 201 fort lauderdal fl 33304 , and jvl , llc dba vaccin 2go of 4060 john creek parkway suit h suwane , ga 30024 ( individu the “ member ” and collect the “ member ” ) . background : a. the member wish to enter into an associ of mutual benefit and agre to jointli invest and set up a joint ventur enterpris . b. thi agreement set out the term and condit govern thi associ . in consider of and as a condit of the member enter into thi agreement and other valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which consider is acknowledg , the member agre as follow : format 1. by thi agreement the member enter into a joint ventur ( the “ ventur ” ) in accord with the law of the state of florida . the right and oblig of the member will be as state in the applic legisl of the state of florida ( the “ act ” ) except as otherwis provid here . name 2. the busi name of the ventur will be bm & v2go . of 13 purpos 3. the exclus purpos of the ventur ( the “ purpos ” ) will be it develop . internet back offic mainten and deploy of medic servic . term 4. the durat of thi ventur ( the “ term ” ) will begin on march 1 , 2020 and continu in full forc and effect until februari 28 , 2025 or as otherwis provid in thi agreement . 5. the term may be extend with the unanim consent of all member . place of busi 6. the princip offic of the busi of the ventur will be locat at 512 bayshor drive suit 201 fort lauderdal , fl 33304 or such other place as the member may from time to time design . busi manag 7. the follow manag ( the “ manag ” ) have been appoint by the member to manag the ventur : ● aaldo piscitello ● jodi stewart 8. except as otherwis provid in thi agreement , the individu manag may be appoint , replac , or remov upon unanim consent of the member . 9. the manag will have a primari duti to the best interest of the ventur and not directli to ani individu member . 10. within the limit of the purpos of the ventur and the term of thi agreement , the manag , act jointli , will have full author to bind the member in all matter relat to the direct , control and manag of the ventur . conduct and action of the manag will be dictat by polici and procedur establish by the member . author to bind the ventur in contract or in ani third parti busi relat lie exclus with the manag , act jointli . 11. the manag will jointli decid major issu concern the ventur . where manag are unabl to reach agreement in decid major issu , approv by a major vote of the member at a regular or special meet will be requir . of 13 manag duti 12. except as otherwis specifi in thi agreement , the duti and oblig of the manag in relat to the ventur will includ the follow : a. manag the day to day busi of the venture; b. monitor , control and direct the financi , busi and oper affair of the venture; c. proper mainten of book of account and financi record accord to accept account practices; d. monitor , analyz and act on all issu over which it would have express or impli author accord to thi agreement; and e. all respons attach to hire of product and administr staff includ ani requir labor negoti , and all respons attach to hire of third parti contractor . member duti 13. each member will be respons for it respect duti as follow : of 13 member duti descript borrowmoney.com , inc html code , build , deploy and maintain all technic aspect requir includ a databas for medic dispatch person & product servic as need , includ activ inform , data storag and backup . provid by three qualifi assign borrowmoney.com , inc. employees/person jvl , llc dba vaccin 2go 60,000.00 usd from monthli govern , citi and state , and or privat award contract . plu ( 10 ) of ani gener gross revenu from award contract , in addit to the total contribut . 14. duti of member may be amend , from time to time , by decis of the member , provid that the member ’ interest are not affect except with the unanim consent of the member . capit contribut 15. each of the member ha contribut to the capit of the ventur , in cash or properti in agre upon valu , as follow ( the “ capit contribut ” ) : member contribut descript agre valu borrowmoney.com , inc 1 , 500 squar feet of leased/r offic space includ specifi descript of duti 3,500,000.00 usd jvl , llc dba vaccin 2go 60,000.00 usd from monthli govern , citi and state , and or privat award contract . plu ( 10 ) of ani gener gross revenu , in addit to the total contribut . 3,500,000.00 usd 16. all member will contribut their respect capit contribut fulli and on time . of 13 withdraw of capit 17. no member will have the right to demand or withdraw ani portion of their capit contribut without the express written consent of the remain member . 18. the member will not be person liabl for the return of all or part of the capit contribut of a member , except as otherwis provid in thi agreement . addit capit 19. capit contribut may be amend from time to time , accord to the requir of the ventur , by decis of the member as recommend by the manag . where member ’ interest are affect , addit capit contribut ( the “ addit capit contribut ” ) must have the unanim consent of the member . 20. ani advanc of money to the ventur by ani member in excess of the amount provid for in thi agreement or subsequ agre to as an addit capit contribut will be deem a debt due from the ventur rather than an increas in capit contribut of the member . thi liabil will be repaid with interest at such rate and time to be determin by a major of the member . thi liabil will not entitl the lend member to a greater vote power . such debt may have prefer or prioriti over ani other payment to member as may be determin by a major of the member . capit account 21. an individu capit account will be maintain for each member and their initi capit contribut will be credit to thi account . ani addit , approv contribut to the ventur ’ s capit made by a member will be credit to that member ’ s individu capit account . interest on capit 22. no borrow charg or loan interest will be due or payabl to ani member on ani capit contribut or on their capit account despit ani disproport that may from time to time aris among the capit account of the member . of 13 book of account 23. accur and complet book of account of the transact of the ventur will be kept in accord with gener accept account principl ( gaap ) and at all reason time will be avail and open to inspect and examin by ani member . the book and record of the ventur will reflect all the ventur ’ s transact and will be appropri and adequ for the busi conduct by the ventur . bank and ventur fund 24. the fund of the ventur will be place in such invest and bank account as will be design by the member . ventur fund will be held in the name of the ventur and will not be commingl with those of ani other person or entiti . member meet 25. regular member meet will be held quarterli . minut of the meet will be maintain on file . 26. ani member can call a special meet to resolv urgent issu that requir a vote and that can not wait for the next regularli schedul meet . when call a special meet , all member must be provid with reason notic . where a special meet ha been call , the meet will be restrict to the specif purpos for which the meet wa call . 27. all meet will be held at a time and in a locat that is reason , conveni and practic consid the situat of all member . 28. ani vote requir by the member will be determin such that each member receiv one vote carri equal weight . amend 29. thi agreement may be amend onli with the unanim consent of all member . admit a new member 30. new member may be admit into the ventur onli with the unanim consent of the exist member . the new member agre to be bound by all the coven , term , and condit of thi agreement , inclus of all current and futur amend . further , a new member will execut such document as are need or requir for thi admiss . ani new member will receiv a busi interest in the ventur as determin by all other member . of 13 dissoci of a member 31. where a member is in breach of thi agreement and that member ha not remedi the breach on notic from the ventur and after a reason period then the remain member will have the right to termin thi agreement with regard to that individu default member ( an “ involuntari withdraw ” ) and take whatev action necessari to protect the interest of the ventur . 32. if the ventur is harm as the result of an individu member ’ s action or failur to act , then that individu member will be liabl for that harm . if more than one member is at fault then they will be jointli and sever liabl for that harm . 33. each member will indemnifi the remain member against all loss , cost and claim that may aris in the event of the ventur be termin as a result of breach of the agreement by that member . 34. if a member is place in bankruptci , or withdraw voluntarili from the ventur , or if there is an oper of law against a member , the other member will be entitl to proceed as if the member had breach thi agreement . 35. distribut of ani amount owe to a dissoci member will be made accord to the percentag of ownership as describ in the valuat of interest or as otherwis may be agre in write . dissolut of the joint ventur 36. the ventur will be dissolv and it asset liquid in the event of ani of the follow : a. the term expir and is not extended; b. a unanim vote by the member to dissolv the venture; c. on satisfact of the purpose; d. loss or incapac through ani mean of substanti all of the ventur ’ s assets; or e. where onli one member remain . of 13 liquid 37. on dissolut , the ventur will be liquid promptli and within a reason time . 38. on the liquid of the ventur asset , distribut of ani amount to member will be made in proport to their respect capit account or as otherwis may be agre in write . valuat of interest 39. in the absenc of a written agreement set a valu , the valu of the ventur will be determin base on the fair market valu apprais of all ventur asset ( less liabil ) in accord with gener accept account principl ( gaap ) by an independ account firm agre to by all member . an apprais will be appoint within a reason period of the date of withdraw or dissolut . the result of the apprais will be bind on all member . a withdraw member ’ s interest will be base on the proport of their respect capit account less ani outstand liabil a member may have to the ventur . the intent of thi section is to ensur the surviv of the ventur despit the withdraw of ani individu member . 40. no allow will be made for goodwil , trade name , patent or other intang asset , except where those asset have been reflect on the ventur book immedi prior to valuat . transfer of member interest 41. a member may assign their proprietari asset and their right in distribut interest in the ventur . such assign will onli includ that member ’ s econom right and interest and will not includ ani other right of that member nor will it includ an automat admiss as a member of the ventur or the right to exercis ani manag or vote interest . a member who assign ani or all of their ventur interest to ani third parti will relinquish their statu as member includ all manag and vote right . assign of member statu , under thi claus , includ ani manag and vote interest , will requir the consent of all the remain member . of 13 manag vote 42. ani manag vote requir will be determin such that each manag receiv one vote carri equal weight . forc majeur 43. a member will be free of liabil to the ventur where the member is prevent from execut their oblig under thi agreement in whole or in part due to forc majeur where the member ha commun the circumst of that event to ani and all other member and taken ani and all appropri action to mitig that event . forc majeur will includ , but not be limit to , earthquak , typhoon , flood , fire , and war or ani other unforeseen and uncontrol event . duti of loyalti 44. provid a member ha the consent of the major of the other member , the member to thi agreement and their respect affili may have interest in busi other than the ventur . neither the ventur nor ani other member will have ani right to the asset , incom or profit of ani such busi , ventur or transact . ani and all busi , ventur or transact with ani appear of conflict of interest must be fulli disclos to all other member . failur to disclos ani potenti conflict of interest will be deem an involuntari withdraw by the offend member and may be treat accordingli by the remain member . confidenti 45. all matter relat to thi agreement and the ventur will be treat by the member as confidenti and no member will disclos or allow to be disclos ani ventur matter or matter , directli or indirectli , to ani third parti without the prior written approv of all member except where the inform properli come into the public domain . 46. thi section will surviv for one year after the expir or termin of thi agreement or dissolut of the ventur . languag 47. the member expressli state that the english languag is to be the languag of choic for thi agreement and all other notic and agreement requir by the ventur . of 13 insur 48. the ventur will insur all it asset against loss where reason and standard practic in the industri . indemnif 49. each member will be indemnifi and held harmless by the ventur from ani and all harm or damag of ani natur relat to the member ’ s particip in ventur affair except where such harm or damag result from gross neglig or will misconduct on the part of the member . liabil 50. no member will be liabl to the ventur or to ani other member for ani error in judgment or ani act or failur to act where made in good faith . the member will be liabl for ani and all act or failur to act result from gross neglig or will misconduct . liabil insur 51. the ventur may acquir insur on behalf of ani member , employe , agent or other person engag in the busi interest of the ventur against ani liabil assert against them or incur by them while act in good faith on behalf of the ventur . coven of good faith 52. member will use their best effort , fairli and in good faith to facilit the success of the ventur . joint ventur properti 53. where allow by statut , titl to all ventur properti , includ intellectu properti , will remain in the name of the ventur . where joint ventur are not recogn by statut as separ legal entiti , ventur properti , includ intellectu properti , will be held in the name of one or more member . in all case ventur properti will be appli by the member exclus for the benefit and purpos of the ventur and in accord with thi agreement . jurisdict 54. the member submit to the jurisdict of the court of the state of florida for the enforc of thi agreement and for ani arbitr award or decis aris from thi agreement . of 13 mediat and arbitr 55. in the event a disput aris out of , or in connect with , thi agreement , the member will attempt to resolv the disput through friendli consult . 56. if the disput is not resolv within a reason period then ani or all outstand issu may be submit to mediat in accord with ani statutori rule of mediat . if mediat is not success in resolv the entir disput or is unavail , ani outstand issu will be submit to final and bind arbitr in accord with the law of the state of florida . the arbitr ’ s award will be final , and judgment may be enter upon it by ani court have jurisdict within the state of florida . warranti 57. all member repres and warrant that they have all author , licens and permit to execut and perform thi agreement and their oblig under thi agreement and that the repres of each member ha been fulli author to execut thi agreement . 58. each member repres and warrant that thi agreement is not in violat of ani and all agreement and constitut document of the individu member . definit 59. for the purpos of thi agreement , the follow term are defin as follow : a . “ capit contribut ” the capit contribut to the ventur actual made by the member , includ properti , cash and ani addit capit contribut made . b . “ major vote ” a major vote is ani amount greater than one-half of the author vote . c. “ oper of law ” the oper of law mean right or duti that are cast upon a parti by the law , without ani act or agreement on the part of the individu includ but not limit to an assign for the benefit of creditor , a divorc , or a bankruptci . of 13 miscellan 60. thi ventur is term a contractu joint ventur and will not constitut a partnership . member will provid servic to one anoth on an arm ’ length basi while remain independ busi entiti . there will be no pool of profit and loss . each member is respons onli for it own action and no member is an agent for ani other member . member will not be jointli or sever liabl for the action of the other member . 61. time is of the essenc in thi agreement . 62. thi agreement may be execut in counterpart . facsimil signatur are bind and are consid to be origin signatur . 63. head are insert for the conveni of the member onli and are not to be consid when interpret thi agreement . word in the singular mean and includ the plural and vice versa . word in the masculin gender includ the feminin gender and vice versa . word in the neuter gender includ the masculin gender and the feminin gender and vice versa . 64. if ani term , coven , condit or provis of thi agreement is held by a court of compet jurisdict to be invalid , void or unenforc , it is the member ’ intent that such provis be reduc in scope by the court onli to the extent deem necessari by that court to render the provis reason and enforc and the remaind of the provis of thi agreement will in no way be affect , impair or invalid as a result . 65. thi agreement contain the entir agreement between the member . all negoti and understand have been includ in thi agreement . statement or represent which may have been made by ani member in the negoti stage of thi agreement may in some way be inconsist with thi final written agreement . all such statement are declar to be of no valu in thi agreement . onli the written term of thi agreement will bind the member . 66. thi agreement and the term and condit contain in thi agreement appli to and are bind upon the member ’ s successor , assign , executor , administr , beneficiari , and repres . 67. ani notic or deliveri requir here will be deem complet when hand-deliv , deliv by agent , or seven ( 7 ) day after be place in the post , postag prepaid , to the member at the address contain in thi agreement or as the member may later design in write . of 13 68. all of the right , remedi and benefit provid by thi agreement will be cumul and will not be exclus of ani other such right , remedi and benefit allow by law . in wit whereof the member have duli affix their signatur under hand and seal on thi 20th day of march 2020. borrowmoney.com , inc ( member ) per : /s/ aldo piscitello ( seal ) aldo piscitello presid jvl , llc dba vaccin 2go ( member ) per : /s/ jodi stewart jodi stewart ( mar 20 , 2020 ) ( seal ) jodi stewart of 13