exhibit 10.12.1 confidenti execut version [ ] certain inform in thi document ha been exclud becaus it both ( i ) is not materi and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm to the registr if publicli disclos . joint ventur agreement by and among aizu fujitsu semiconductor limit fujitsu semiconductor limit and transphorm , inc. date may 23 , 2017 confidenti execut version tabl of content page articl i definit articl ii represent and warranti of the parti 2.1 represent and warranti of afsl and fsl 2.2 represent and warranti of tph-a and tph articl iii oper of the compani 3.1 activ 3.2 cash requir of the compani 3.3 busi plan 3.4 independ entiti articl iv manag of the compani 4.1 board 4.2 composit of the board 4.3 board observ 4.4 meetings; quorum 4.5 personnel; repres director 4.6 statutori auditor 4.7 action requir unanim board approv 4.8 agreement regard board 4.9 procedur in the event of failur to agre articl v coven 5.1 capit account 5.2 provis of support servic 5.3 gan equip 5.4 ancillari agreement 5.5 other exist agreement 5.6 ownership of ip 5.7 suffici of ip 5.8 cooper 5.9 deliveri of financi statements; inspect right 5.10 tph ’ s stockhold approv articl vi right and oblig of fsl , tph and tph-a 6.1 fsl 6.2 tph 6.3 tph-a articl vii term and termin 7.1 termin prior to the effect date -i- confidenti execut version tabl of content ( continu ) .2 effect of termin prior to the effect date 7.3 termin after the effect date 7.4 dissolut and winding-up 7.5 sharehold call upon breach 7.6 sharehold call upon bankruptci after the effect date 7.7 surviv of provis after the effect date 7.8 cooper articl viii transfer restrict 8.1 restrict on transfer 8.2 permiss transfer articl ix put option and call option 9.1 afsl ’ s right to requir the purchas of the share by tph or tph-a 9.2 tph-a ’ s right to requir the purchas of the share from fsl or afsl 9.3 condit to put option or call option close 9.4 other oblig articl x treatment of employe 10.1 new term and condit for employ 10.2 represent and warranti regard employ articl xi miscellan 11.1 no partnership 11.2 limit on parti ’ author 11.3 indemnif 11.4 confidenti 11.5 access to compani inform after the put close date or the call close date 11.6 expens 11.7 notic 11.8 successor and assign 11.9 waiver 11.10 announc 11.11 entir agreement 11.12 amend 11.13 limit on right of third person 11.14 govern law; languag 11.15 resolut of disput 11.16 sever 11.17 execut in counterpart 11.18 titl and head 11.19 counsel onli to tph and tph-a -ii- confidenti execut version joint ventur agreement thi joint ventur agreement ( “ agreement ” ) is made as of thi 23rd day of may , 2017 by and among aizu fujitsu semiconductor limit ( “ afsl ” ) , a kabushiki kaisha incorpor in japan , with an address at no.4 kogyo danchi , monden-machi , aizu wakamatsu , fukushima , japan , fujitsu semiconductor limit ( “ fsl ” ) , a kabushiki kaisha incorpor in japan , with an address at shin-yokohama chuo build , 2-100-45 , shin-yokohama , kohoku-ku , yokohama , kanagawa , japan , as a one hundr percent ( 100 ) sharehold of afsl , and transphorm , inc. ( “ tph ” ) , a corpor incorpor in delawar , with an address at 75 castilian drive , goleta , california 93117 , u.s.a. ( collect refer to as the “ parti ” and individu , a “ parti ” ) . w i t n e s s e t h : wherea , aizu fujitsu semiconductor wafer solut limit ( “ afsw ” or the “ compani ” ) , a kabushiki kaisha incorpor in japan , with an address at no.3 kogyo danchi , monden-machi , aizu wakamatsu , fukushima , japan ha been engag with the busi of 150mm wafer foundri servic and other servic relat thereto ( the “ busi ” ) . wherea , prior to the effect date ( as defin below ) , tph intend to incorpor a new wholly-own subsidiari ( “ tph-a ” ) and make it a parti hereto . wherea , with the consent of the parti and the board of director of the compani , afsl ha enter into the share purchas agreement date may 23 , 2017 ( the “ spa ” ) , by and among the parti hereof , pursuant to which afsl will sell and transfer [ ] share of the issu and outstand share in the compani ( repres [ ] of the issu and outstand share in the compani ) to tph-a; and wherea , the parti intend to regul and agre upon the organ and oper of the compani and each parti ’ s right and oblig and other matter regard the company; and now , therefor , for good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which is herebi acknowledg , the parti agre as follow : articl i definit as use in thi agreement , the follow term shall have the follow mean : 1.1 “ affili ” of afsl , fsl , tph-a or tph , as the case may be , mean a person or group of person : ( a ) which own or control , directli or indirectli , afsl , fsl , tph-a or tph; ( b ) which is own or control , directli or indirectli , by afsl , fsl , tph-a or tph; or ( c ) which is own or control , directli or indirectli , by ani person describ in section 1.1 ( a ) or ( b ) . 1.2 “ afsw second agreement ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . confidenti execut version 1.3 “ amend process develop agreement ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in section 2.1.7 . 1.4 “ ancillari agreement ” mean the spa , the afsw second agreement , the tph-j second agreement , the wafer suppli agreement , the joinder agreement , the process develop amend and the servic agreement amend . 1.6 “ board ” mean the board of director of the compani . 1.7 “ busi ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the recit . 1.8 “ busi day ” mean ani day other than a saturday , sunday or public holiday under the law of japan , or ani other day on which bank institut are author to close in tokyo , japan or in new york , new york , usa . 1.9 “ busi plan ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in section 3.3.1 . 1.10 “ call share ” mean ani and all share held by afsl or fsl or ani other person control by afsl or fsl , as the case may be , on the date of the call exercis notic . 1.11 “ chang of control transact ” mean either ( a ) the acquisit of the compani by an entiti not affili with fsl or tph by mean of ani transact or seri of relat transact ( includ , without limit , ani stock acquisit , merger , demerg or share exchang but exclud ani sale of stock for capit rais purpos ) other than a transact or seri of relat transact in which the holder of the vote secur of the compani outstand immedi prior to such transact or seri of relat transact retain , immedi after such transact or seri of relat transact , as a result of share in the compani held by such holder prior to such transact or seri of relat transact , at least a major of the total vote power repres by the outstand vote secur of the compani or such other surviv or result entiti ( or if the compani or such other surviv or result entiti is a wholly-own subsidiari ( hereinaft defin ) immedi follow such acquisit , it parent ) ; or ( b ) a sale , leas , transfer , exclus licens or other disposit of all or substanti all of the asset of the compani and it subsidiari taken as a whole by mean of ani transact or seri of relat transact with a parti other than fsl or it affili or tph or it affili , except where such sale , leas , transfer , exclus licens or other disposit is to a wholli own subsidiari of the compani . 1.12 “ compani asset ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.13 “ control ” mean the power , right or author to direct or caus the direct of the manag or polici of a person , or to elect a major of the board of director or similar govern bodi of a person , whether through the ownership of secur or similar ownership interest , by contract or otherwis , and refer to “ chang of control ” includ the transfer , disposit or relinquish , whether directli or indirectli , of control . 1.14 “ design individu ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in section 4.9 . 1.15 “ design nuclear wast ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . - 2- confidenti execut version 1.16 “ director ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in section 4.2 . 1.17 “ effect date ” mean the date that the initi close occur . 1.18 “ encumbr ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.19 “ fund work ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in section 2.1.7 . 1.20 “ gan equip ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in section 5.3 . 1.21 “ gan wafer ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the amend process develop agreement . 1.22 “ government author ” mean ani govern , state ( or ani subunit thereof ) , polit subdivis or regulatori author , whether domest , foreign or multin , or ani agenc , author , bureau , commiss , depart , or court of ani govern state , polit subdivis or regulatori author or similar bodi or instrument thereof , or ani feder state , local , government , foreign or arbitr tribun . 1.23 “ government approv ” mean all consent , approv , order , permit or author of , and registr , declar and file with , and expir of wait period impos by , ani court , legisl bodi , administr agenc , commiss or other government author and requir in connect with the transact contempl herein . 1.24 “ harm materi ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.25 “ initi close ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.26 “ intellectu properti right ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.27 “ japanes gaap ” mean gener accept account principl in japan . 1.28 “ joinder agreement ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in section 6.3 . 1.29 “ joint ventur ” mean the oper of the compani pursuant to thi agreement from the effect date to the earliest to occur of : ( i ) the put close date ( hereinaft defin ) , ( ii ) the call close date ( hereinaft defin ) , or ( iii ) termin of thi agreement pursuant to articl vii hereof . 1.30 “ law ” mean law , statut , ordin , rule requir , decre , order or regul . 1.31 “ net book valu ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.32 “ option start date ” mean februari 1 , 2020 . 1.33 “ person ” includ ani individu , compani , corpor , firm , partnership , joint ventur , associ , organ or trust in each case whether or not have a separ legal ident . - 3- confidenti execut version 1.34 “ pro rata ownership ” mean for ani sharehold , the ratio equal to the total number of share held by such sharehold at ani given time to the total number of outstand share at such time . 1.35 “ process develop amend ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.36 “ put share ” mean ani and all share held by afsl or fsl or ani other person control by afsl or fsl , as the case may be , on the date of the put exercis notic . 1.37 “ sale share ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.38 “ section ” mean a section of thi agreement . 1.39 “ seller disclosur schedul ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.40 “ servic agreement amend ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.41 “ sharehold ” mean each person that hold share . 1.42 “ share ” mean the share of author and outstand capit of the compani . 1.43 “ share purchas price ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.44 “ spa ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the recit . 1.45 “ subsidiari ” mean a person in which a parti hereto benefici own at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti interest or vote power of such person . 1.46 “ tax ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.47 “ tax return ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.48 “ tph-j ” mean transphorm japan , inc. , a kabushiki kaisha incorpor in japan , which is a wholly-own subsidiari of tph . 1.49 “ tph-j second agreement ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . 1.50 “ wafer suppli agreement ” ha the mean ascrib to that term in the spa . unless the context clearli requir otherwis , refer to the singular shall includ the plural , refer to the plural shall includ the singular and refer to a gender shall includ all gender . articl ii represent and warranti of the parti 2.1 represent and warranti of afsl and fsl . afsl and fsl herebi repres and warrant to tph-a and tph as of the date hereof and as of the effect date as follow : - 4- confidenti execut version 2.1.1 organ . each of afsl and fsl is a kabushiki kaisha , duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of japan , and ha the corpor power and author to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement . 2.1.2 authorization; execut and delivery; enforc . all corpor action on the part of afsl and fsl necessari for the author , execut and deliveri of thi agreement and for the perform of all of their respect oblig hereund ha been taken . thi agreement ha been duli execut and deliv by each of afsl and fsl and constitut a valid and legal bind oblig of each of them . 2.1.3 govern and other consent . no consent , author , licens , permit , registr or approv of , or exempt or other action by , ani government author , or ani other person , is requir in connect with afsl ’ s or fsl ’ s execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement . 2.1.4 effect of agreement . except as set forth in section 3.2.3 of the seller disclosur schedul , each of afsl ’ s and fsl ’ s execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement will not ( i ) violat the articl of incorpor of either of them or ani provis of law , ( ii ) violat ani judgment , order , writ , injunct or decre of ani court applic to afsl , fsl or the compani , ( iii ) result in the breach of , give rise to a right of termin , cancel or acceler of ani oblig with respect to ( present or with the give of notic , the passag of time or both ) , or otherwis be in conflict with ani term of , or affect the valid or enforc of , ani agreement or other commit to which afsl , fsl or the compani is a parti and which would materi and advers affect either of them or the compani , or ( iv ) result in the creation of ani lien , pledg , mortgag , claim , charg or encumbr upon ani asset of afsl , fsl or the compani . 2.1.5 litig . there are no action , suit or proceed pend or , to either afsl ’ s or fsl ’ s knowledg , threaten , against afsl or fsl befor ani government author which question afsl ’ s or fsl ’ s right to enter into or perform thi agreement , or which question the valid of thi agreement . 2.1.6 equip . fsl ( as of the date hereof ) and the compani ( as of the effect date ) have valid and perfect ownership of all gan equip , free and clear of ani encumbr . there are no third parti agreement or licens with respect to ani softwar or firmwar requir to oper ani gan equip . 2.1.7 suffici of ip . as of the effect date , the intellectu properti right own by the compani , togeth with the intellectu properti right licens to tph pursuant to ( i ) that certain process technolog develop servic agreement , date as of novemb 28 , 2013 , by and between fsl and tph , and ( ii ) the process develop amend ( ( i ) and ( ii ) collect , the “ amend process develop agreement ” ) , shall constitut all intellectu properti right own by fsl , afsl , fujitsu limit or their affili that are or will be necessari for the continu oper of the busi for gan wafer follow the effect date in the manner conduct as of the effect date . for the avoid of doubt , the busi doe not includ the compani ’ s perform of the gan work commiss and fund by fujitsu limit and it affili - 5- confidenti execut version ( includ fujitsu laboratori ltd. , but exclud fsl and afsl ) to the compani ( such work , the “ fund work ” ) . 2.2 represent and warranti of tph-a and tph . 2.2.1 tph herebi repres and warrant to afsl and fsl as of the date hereof and as of the effect date as follow : ( i ) organ . tph is a corpor , duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of the state of delawar , and ha the corpor power and author to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( ii ) authorization; execut and delivery; enforc . all corpor action on the part of tph necessari for the author , execut and deliveri of thi agreement and for the perform of all it oblig hereund ha been taken . thi agreement ha been duli execut and deliv by tph and constitut a valid and legal bind oblig of tph . ( iii ) govern and other consent . no consent , author , licens , permit , registr or approv of , or exempt or other action by , ani government author , or ani other person , is requir in connect with tph ’ s execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement . ( iv ) effect of agreement . tph ’ s execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement will not ( i ) violat the certif of incorpor or bylaw of tph , or ani provis of law , ( ii ) violat ani judgment , order , writ , injunct or decre of ani court applic to tph , ( iii ) result in the breach of , give rise to a right of termin , cancel or acceler of ani oblig with respect to ( present or with the give of notic , the passag of time or both ) , or otherwis be in conflict with ani term of , or affect the valid or enforc of , ani agreement or other commit to which tph is a parti and which would materi and advers affect it or the compani , or ( iv ) result in the creation of ani lien , pledg , mortgag , claim , charg or encumbr upon ani asset of tph . ( v ) litig . there are no action , suit or proceed pend or , to tph ’ s knowledg , threaten , against tph befor ani government author which question tph ’ s right to enter into or perform thi agreement , or which question the valid of thi agreement . 2.2.2 tph-a herebi repres and warrant to afsl and fsl as of the date of the joinder agreement and as of the effect date as follow : ( i ) organ . tph-a is a kabushiki kaisha , duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of japan , and ha the corpor power and author to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( ii ) authorization; execut and delivery; enforc . all corpor action on the part of tph-a necessari for the author , execut and deliveri of the joinder agreement , and for the perform of all it oblig thereund and hereund ha been taken . - 6- confidenti execut version the joinder agreement ha been duli execut and deliv by tph-a and constitut a valid and legal bind oblig of tph-a . ( iii ) govern and other consent . no consent , author , licens , permit , registr or approv of , or exempt or other action by , ani government author , or ani other person , is requir in connect with tph-a ’ s execut , deliveri and perform of the joinder agreement and thi agreement . ( iv ) effect of agreement . tph-a ’ s execut , deliveri and perform of the joinder agreement and thi agreement , as applic , will not ( i ) violat the articl of incorpor of tph-a , or ani provis of law , ( ii ) violat ani judgment , order , writ , injunct or decre of ani court applic to tph-a , ( iii ) result in the breach of , give rise to a right of termin , cancel or acceler of ani oblig with respect to ( present or with the give of notic , the passag of time or both ) , or otherwis be in conflict with ani term of , or affect the valid or enforc of , ani agreement or other commit to which tph-a is a parti and which would materi and advers affect it or the compani , or ( iv ) result in the creation of ani lien , pledg , mortgag , claim , charg or encumbr upon ani asset of tph-a . ( v ) litig . there are no action , suit or proceed pend or , to tph-a ’ s knowledg , threaten , against tph-a befor ani government author which question tph-a ’ s right to enter into or perform thi agreement and the joinder agreement , or which question the valid of thi agreement and the joinder agreement . articl iii oper of the compani 3.1 activ . the compani shall manufactur the semiconductor product for which afsl/fsl or tph-a/tph-j/tph place an order to the compani from time to time dure the term of thi agreement , use the technolog made avail by afsl/fsl and tph-a/tph-j/tph , respect . with the consent of the board in complianc with section 4.7 , the compani may manufactur semiconductor product directli for person who are not parti to thi agreement . 3.2 cash requir of the compani . all cash requir of the compani shall be satisfi from cash gener by the oper of the compani , from extern financ ( on a non-recours basi and without guarante of the sharehold or their affili ) procur by the compani in it own name , from financ by the sharehold ( the burden of such financ shall be alloc to a sharehold base on pro rata ownership ) and from the initi capit . 3.3 busi plan . 3.3.1 conduct of busi . the compani shall conduct it busi in conform with a busi plan jointli prepar and agre to by the parti on or prior to the effect date , as may be amend from time to time after the effect date with the unanim approv of the board ( the “ busi plan ” ) . in case where the parti have not agre on the busi plan as of the date hereof , then the parti shall continu to discuss in good faith immedi follow the execut of thi agreement and agre on the busi plan prior to the effect date . - 7- confidenti execut version 3.3.2 treatment of the busi plan . the parti expect the compani to compli with the busi plan; provid , howev , deviat from the busi plan that result in an increas or decreas of less than twenti percent ( 20 ) of the origin cost or revenu to the compani attribut to such item as set forth in the busi plan shall not requir the consent of the parti , so long as all such deviat in ani given quarter do not repres a deviat of more than ten percent ( 10 ) of total revenu or total expens , as the case may be , in the aggreg for the quarter in which the deviat occur . no parti shall , howev , have ani assur that the compani will achiev the busi plan , except as to the number of wafer that each of fsl/afsl and tph/tph-a commit to purchas in the busi plan . in the event that fsl/afsl or tph/tph-a , as applic , ha fail to purchas it applic number of wafer in accord with the busi plan , then such parti shall compens the compani for the shortfal in the actual revenu of the compani attribut to it failur to purchas such wafer versu it share of the plan revenu set forth in the busi plan . as soon as it becom practic after the end of each quarter , but not later than thirti ( 30 ) day thereaft , the parti shall review the actual revenu of the compani versu the busi plan base on the wafer load by each of fsl/afsl and tph/tph-a for the previou quarter , and if there are ani shortfal in revenu from the busi plan in such quarter , the compens for such shortfal shall be made by a parti who caus such shortfal to the compani within sixti ( 60 ) day after the end of the fiscal year of the compani where such quarter resid . for the avoid of doubt , ( i ) if a parti , it affili or anoth third parti purchas such parti ’ s commit number of wafer in the busi plan , such parti shall not be deem to have caus a shortfal in the revenu of the compani and ( ii ) the revenu attribut to a parti ’ s failur to purchas it number of wafer in accord with the busi plan shall equal ( a ) the number of wafer not purchas , multipli by ( b ) the agre price ( as set forth in the busi plan ) per wafer . 3.3.3 revis budget . the budget of the compani shall be review quarterli and may be revis by the compani with the unanim approv of the board . such revis budget shall be deem as the then-curr busi plan . 3.4 independ entiti . the compani shall be oper as an independ busi entiti , even though the parti may provid product , personnel and servic . articl iv manag of the compani 4.1 board . except where the approv of the sharehold is requir by applic law , the articl of incorpor or thi agreement , the busi and affair of the compani shall be manag by the board . 4.2 composit of the board . the board shall consist of five ( 5 ) member ( each , a “ director ” ) , three ( 3 ) of whom shall be nomin by afsl and two ( 2 ) of whom shall be nomin by tph-a , and each sharehold shall vote all of it share in favor of the elect of the director nomin by the other . each of afsl and tph-a shall have the right to nomin a replac for ani director previous nomin by it , and each shall vote all of it share in favor of the elect of such replac . a director nomin by afsl shall be a chairman of the board for all meet . in the event that a sharehold who is entitl to nomin a director seek to remov such - 8- confidenti execut version director by written notic to the compani , all sharehold shall be oblig to vote their share in favor of such remov . 4.3 board observ . repres of tph and fsl may attend and particip in ani meet of the board , but shall in all other respect be a nonvot observ . 4.4 meetings; quorum . 4.4.1 regular meet of the board shall be held at least onc per three ( 3 ) month at such place and time as set forth in notic provid to the director at least ten ( 10 ) busi day in advanc of such meet . special meet of the board shall be held upon notic of not less than three ( 3 ) busi day set forth an agenda or purpos for the meeting; provid , howev , that ani director may waiv complianc with such notic requir befor or after the meet . special meet of the board may be call by at least two ( 2 ) director upon three ( 3 ) busi day ’ notic to the chairman , which notic shall includ an agenda for such meet . 4.4.2 ani director may propos item for the agenda of ani meet of the board whether in advanc or at such meet . 4.4.3 a quorum shall be deem to exist for purpos of board action so long as at least a major of the total number of director then in offic are present , provid that proper notic of such board meet ha been given , in accord with section 4.4.1 , to each of the director then in offic . director may particip in board meet in person or electron ( includ video or audio confer ) in accord with the japanes compani act . 4.4.4 proceed of board meet shall be in japanese/english , as the case may be , and a record of each board meet shall be made in japanes and english , and sent promptli to each sharehold . in the event of a conflict between the english and japanes version , the japanes version shall control . 4.4.5 minut of the meet of the board shall be place and duli maintain at the offic of the compani . 4.4.6 ani action that may be taken at a meet of the board may be taken in write in accord with the compani ’ s articl of incorpor . 4.5 personnel; repres director . one of the director to be nomin by afsl shall be the manag of the compani , who shall also be the repres director ( as defin under the japanes compani act ) . 4.6 statutori auditor . the compani shall have one ( 1 ) statutori auditor . the statutori auditor shall be appoint by afsl , subject to the approv of tph-a , which approv shall not be unreason withheld . 4.7 action requir unanim board approv . the parti agre that the follow matter requir the unanim approv of the director present at a properly-not board meet , - 9- confidenti execut version and no sharehold shall conven a sharehold meet with respect to the follow matter without the prior written consent of the other sharehold : 4.7.1 revis the budget or busi plan of the company; 4.7.2 make ani capit contribut in excess of the capit requir pursuant to the busi plan; 4.7.3 manufactur semiconductor product directli for person who are not parti to thi agreement; 4.7.4 sell , transfer , leas , assign or otherwis dispos of the properti or asset of the compani , or contract to do so , whether in a singl transact or seri of relat transactions; 4.7.5 consumm a chang of control transact includ without limit merger , demerg , share exchang , liquid or dissolv the compani , the enter into of a composit with creditor or the author of ani file for bankruptci by the compani or the transform of the compani into anoth type of legal entity; 4.7.6 enter into ani agreement to effect a chang of control transact or undertak ani action which effect a chang of control transact , except pursuant to the exercis of the put option or call option , call pursuant to section 7.5 and 7.6 and transfer permit pursuant to section 8.1 and 8.2; 4.7.7 issu ani share of the author capit of the compani or the author or issuanc of ani new class or seri of capit of the compani or ani secur convert into or exchang for ani class or seri of capit of the company; 4.7.8 recapit , reclassifi , consolid , subdivid or convert , or alter of ani right attach to , ani class or seri of author capit of the company; 4.7.9 enter into ani joint ventur , partnership or profit-shar agreement with ani third party; 4.7.10 purchas or otherwis acquir , or agre to purchas or otherwis acquir materi asset of ani other person or ani share of capit stock of , or similar interest in , ani other person , or ani other asset or group of asset , in a singl transact or seri of relat transactions; 4.7.11 remov ani director dure his/her term of offic , unless such director wa request to be remov by the sharehold that nomin him/her; 4.7.12 amend or repeal ani provis of the articl of incorpor or other constitu document of the compani , includ , without limit , the chang of the busi purpos of the company; - 10- confidenti execut version 4.7.13 declar or pay ani dividend or distribution; 4.7.14 adopt or chang a signific tax or account practic or principl of the compani or make ani signific tax or account elect by the company; 4.7.15 make or chang ani elect in respect of tax , file ani amend to a tax return , enter into ani agreement in respect of tax , settl , respond to , or make ani file or submiss in respect of ani audit , claim or assess in respect of tax , or consent to ani extens or waiver of the limit period applic to ani claim or assess in respect of tax , other than those approv by the director nomin by tph-a as immateri or in the ordinari cours of the busi , such approv not to be unreason withheld; 4.7.16 settl or abandon , on the part of the compani or ani parti or affili of ani parti , ani legal action that is in the name of the compani or that directli affect the compani , which legal action ( a ) involv a claim or claim for monetari damag , ( b ) involv a claim or claim by or against ani government author , ( c ) involv ani claim rais antitrust issu , or ( d ) involv a request for injunct relief; 4.7.17 institut or determin the strategi of ani legal action in the name of the compani that ( a ) involv a claim or claim for monetari damag , ( b ) involv a claim or claim by or against ani government author , ( c ) involv ani claim rais antitrust issu , or ( d ) involv a request for injunct relief; 4.7.18 enter into or amend an agreement between the compani and a parti or it affili , other than ( a ) as expressli contempl by thi agreement or the spa , or ( b ) such amend that result in an increas or decreas of less than 20 of the origin cost or revenu to the compani attribut to such agreement as set forth in the busi plan , so long as all such deviat in ani given quarter do not repres a deviat of more than 10 of total revenu or total expens , as the case may be , in the aggreg for the quarter in which the deviat occurs; 4.7.19 incorpor , liquid , acquir or transfer ani legal entities; 4.7.20 carri on ani busi other than the busi and the busi current conduct by the compani as of the effect date; 4.7.21 creat , incur , assum or permit to exist ani indebted , except to the extent consist with the then-curr busi plan; 4.7.22 creat , incur , assum or permit to exist , directli or indirectli , ani lien or other encumbr upon ani properti , now own or hereaft acquir , other than incident lien or lien to secur indebted author pursuant to section 4.7.21; 4.7.23 make ani loan or advanc or the give of ani credit by the compani ( other than normal trade credit ) to ani person or the give of ani guarante or indemn to secur the liabil or oblig of ani person or the creation of ani mortgag , claim , charg , lien , secur interest , easement , right of way , pledg or other encumbr over the whole or ani part of the properti or asset of the company; - 11- confidenti execut version 4.7.24 enter into ani contract , agreement , commit , transact or seri of transact requir the expenditur by the compani , or the make of ani invest , which would exceed thirti million japanes yen ( ¥30,000,000 ) in the aggreg , except for oper expenditur approv in the busi plan; 4.7.25 make ani materi chang in ( a ) the role and respons of certain compani employe specifi as “ key employe ” in the appendix 1 attach hereto or ( b ) the compani ’ s organization; 4.7.26 adopt , materi amend or termin ani employe plan , enter into ani chang in control , sever or similar agreement or ani retent or similar agreement with ani offic , employe , director or consult of the compani ( includ second employe ) , or hire or make an offer to hire ani new employee; 4.7.27 increas or make ani other chang that would result in increas cost to the compani to the salari , wage rate , incent compens opportun , employ statu , titl of other compens payabl or to be becom payabl to ani current or former employe , offic , director , or consult of the compani ( includ second employe ) ; 4.7.28 enter into , amend or termin ani collect bargain agreement , labor union contract , work council agreement or other contract with ani labor organ or union; 4.7.29 use ani compani asset for ( a ) the storag , manufactur , process or dispos of ani harm materi , except for the storag of the design nuclear wast to the extent and in the manner set forth in articl 3.18 of the spa , or ( b ) the process or dispos of industri waste; or 4.7.30 increas or decreas the size of the board . notwithstand the abov , at the request of tph or tph-a , the board shall , without follow the procedur set forth in thi subsect , approv and direct manag to make oper chang to portion of the compani that ( i ) are specif sole to gan oper or gan equip and ( ii ) do not have a materi and advers effect on the compani ’ s profit and loss . 4.8 agreement regard board . each sharehold shall take all action necessari to caus the director nomin by it to abid by and implement all of the provis of thi agreement . 4.9 procedur in the event of failur to agre . in the event that the board ha been unabl to resolv ani matter set forth in section 4.7 within thirti ( 30 ) busi day after such matter wa refer to the board , then ani parti may bring the matter to the attent of the chief execut offic of fsl and the chief execut offic of tph ( the “ design individu ” ) for a decis , which joint decis of the design individu shall be final and bind on the compani , and the parti shall direct the director nomin by them to exercis their vote right and take all other necessari step to ensur that such resolut is fulli and promptli carri into effect . should no solut be agre upon within sixti ( 60 ) day after submiss of the matter to the design individu , then ani parti may refer the matter for resolut in accord with the disput resolut procedur set forth in section 11.15 . - 12- confidenti execut version articl v coven 5.1 capit account . the capit account of each sharehold shall be updat in proport to such sharehold ’ s pro rata ownership . 5.2 provis of support servic . 5.2.1 afsl shall provid support servic agre upon by afsl/fsl and the compani to the compani , with adequ consider to fsl/afsl and/or fsl ’ s/afsl ’ s designe , the detail term and condit of which servic shall be the same as alreadi have been provid in the applic agreement ( s ) by and between afsl/fsl and the compani ( if ani ) or shall be discuss and determin by the parti . 5.2.2 tph and tph-a shall caus the compani to provid support servic agre upon by afsl/fsl and the compani to fsl/afsl and/or fsl ’ s/afsl ’ s designe , with adequ consider to the compani , the detail term and condit of which servic shall be the same as alreadi have been provid in the applic agreement ( s ) by and between afsl/fsl and the compani ( if ani ) or shall be discuss and determin by the parti . 5.3 gan equip . dure the term of thi agreement , tph-a/tph shall be respons for the cost and expens agre by the parti to maintain and/or procur the equip for wafer process specifi in the appendix 2 attach hereto and as amend from time to time upon the mutual agreement of the parti ( the “ gan equip ” ) . at tph ’ s sole option , tph or tph-a may purchas the gan equip by complet of payment of the purchas price or depreci cost for such equip as set forth in appendix 2. in such case : ( i ) tph-a or tph , as the case may be , shall acquir sole and exclus titl to the gan equip , free and clear of all encumbr , and none of fsl , afsl or the compani shall have ani right , titl or interest in such gan equip , ( ii ) such gan equip shall be clearli label as the properti of tph-a or tph , as the case may be , and ( iii ) fsl and afsl shall caus to be assign to tph-a or tph , as the case may be , all licens and warranti for such gan equip and the softwar or firmwar requir to oper such gan equip that are attach to , instal on , or embodi in such gan equip as of the effect date . dure the term if thi agreement , the gan equip shall be use exclus in gan wafer process , and shall not be use in the silicon wafer process for afsl ’ s or fsl ’ s current product . in the event that the compani need to use the gan equip to provid product or servic to ani custom other than tph- a or tph or their affili prior to the put close date or the call close date , the compani shall reimburs tph-a or tph for the use of such equip in the manner to be discuss in good faith and agre upon by the parti , which reimburs may be offset against amount otherwis owe from tph-a or tph , as the case may be , to the compani . 5.4 ancillari agreement . prior to the effect date , the parti shall take ani action necessari to caus the wafer suppli agreement , the afsw second agreement , tph-j second agreement , the joinder agreement and the process develop amend to go into effect as of the effect date . - 13- confidenti execut version 5.5 other exist agreement . the parti shall ensur that the follow agreement stay in full forc and effect without modif dure the term of thi agreement unless they are termin or modifi pursuant to the term and condit thereund : 5.5.1 the intellectu properti licens agreement , date novemb 28 , 2013 , by and between tph and fujitsu limited; 5.5.2 the second agreement , date as of januari 31 , 2014 , by and between fujitsu limit and tph-j; and 5.5.3 the fujitsu intercompani licens agreement and fujitsu intercompani servic agreement . 5.6 ownership of ip . the parti agre that the ownership of intellectu properti right in technolog develop by or for the compani pursuant to an ancillari agreement shall be govern by such ancillari agreement . 5.7 suffici of ip . fsl and afsl repres and warrant that , as of the put close date or the call close date , the intellectu properti right own by the compani , togeth with the intellectu properti right licens to tph pursuant to the amend process develop agreement shall constitut all intellectu properti right own by fsl , afsl , fujitsu limit or their affili that are or will be necessari for the continu oper of the busi for gan wafer follow the put close date or call close date in the manner conduct as of the put close date or call close date , as applic . for the avoid of doubt , the busi doe not includ the compani ’ s perform of the fund work . 5.8 cooper . the parti shall cooper reason with each other to obtain and maintain all necessari approv and registr to effect thi agreement and all relat agreement and documents; provid , howev , that the parti shall not be requir to chang ani provis of thi agreement to obtain or maintain ani such approv or registr . 5.9 deliveri of financi statements; inspect right . the parti shall caus the compani to deliv to each parti , at the compani ’ s expens , ( i ) annual audit and quarterli and monthli unaudit financi statement prepar in accord with japanes gaap consist appli , includ ani independ auditor ’ s report or opinion thereon , if ani , and ( ii ) ani inform necessari to enabl a parti to prepar consolid financi statement , in each case within sixti ( 60 ) day after the end of each fiscal year of the compani and within thirti ( 30 ) day after the end of each quarterli account period of the compani and calendar month . each parti will indemnifi the compani and hold it harmless for , from and against ani claim , demand , cost or expens aris out of or relat to such consolid financi statement , provid that such indemn shall not appli to claim , demand , cost or expens to the extent they are relat to the compani ’ s financi statement provid to such parti . in addit to ani inspect right grant under law , upon notic to the compani of at least twenty-four ( 24 ) hour , each parti shall have full access to all properti , book of account , and record of the compani . - 14- confidenti execut version 5.10 tph ’ s stockhold approv . tph shall obtain approv of the acquisit of the option share ( as defin in the spa ) from the requisit stockhold of tph in accord with delawar law and tph ’ s certif of incorpor and bylaw , which approv shall have been obtain prior to the effect date , to the extent such an approv is permiss under delawar law . articl vi right and oblig of fsl , tph and tph-a 6.1 fsl . fsl , as a one hundr percent ( 100 ) sharehold of afsl , shall caus afsl to perform all oblig of afsl hereund . 6.2 tph . until tph-a is incorpor and made a parti hereto , tph shall assum all oblig of tph-a hereund . after tph-a is incorpor and made a parti hereto , tph , as a one hundr percent ( 100 ) sharehold of tph-a , shall caus tph-a to perform all oblig of tph-a hereund . 6.3 tph-a . tph shall caus tph-a to execut and deliv a joinder agreement to the parti substanti in the form attach hereto as exhibit a ( the “ joinder agreement ” ) , and tph-a shall agre to be bound by the term and condit of thi agreement and the spa to be perform and compli with by tph-a by execut and deliv the joinder agreement . articl vii term and termin 7.1 termin prior to the effect date . thi agreement may be termin prior to the effect date , and the joint ventur and the other transact contempl by thi agreement may be abandon at ani time prior to the effect date ( by written notif with respect to section 7.1.2 to 7.1.5 below ) , notwithstand ani requisit approv of thi agreement and the transact contempl by thi agreement , as follow : 7.1.1 by mutual written consent duli execut by fsl and afsl on the one hand , and tph-a and tph on the other hand; 7.1.2 by either fsl or afsl on the one hand , and tph-a or tph on the other hand , if the effect date shall not have occur on or befor septemb 30 , 2017 ( the “ long stop date ” ) , provid , howev , that the right to termin thi agreement under thi section 7.1.2 shall not be avail to ani parti whose failur to fulfil ani oblig under thi agreement ha been the caus of , or result in , the failur of the effect date to occur on or befor the long stop date; provid , howev , in the event that ani requir wait period ( and ani extens thereof ) under the applic law relat to the transact contempl herebi shall not have expir or termin earli befor the long stop date , the long stop date shall be extend until decemb 31 , 2017; 7.1.3 by either fsl or afsl on the one hand , and tph-a or tph on the other hand , upon the issuanc of ani order which is final and nonappeal which would ( i ) prevent the consumm of the sale of the share under the spa , ( ii ) prohibit tph or tph-a ’ s ownership or oper of ani portion of the busi of the compani , or ( iii ) compel fsl , afsl or the compani - 15- confidenti execut version on the one hand , and tph-a or tph on the other hand , to dispos of or hold separ , as a result of the joint ventur , ani portion of the busi or asset of the company; 7.1.4 by fsl or afsl upon a breach of ani represent , warranti , coven or agreement on the part of tph or tph-a set forth in thi agreement or the spa , or if ani represent or warranti of tph or tph-a in thi agreement or the spa shall have becom untru , in either case such that the condit set forth in articl 7.2 of the spa would not be satisfi ( “ termin tph breach ” ) ; provid , howev , that , if such termin tph breach is curabl by tph or tph-a through the exercis of such parti ’ s reason best effort and for so long as such parti continu to exercis such reason best effort , fsl or afsl may not termin thi agreement under thi section 7.1.4 unless such breach is not cure within thirti ( 30 ) day after written notic thereof is provid by fsl or afsl to tph and tph-a pursuant to section 11.7 ( but no cure period is requir for a breach which , by it natur , can not be cure ) ; or 7.1.5 by tph or tph-a upon a breach of ani represent , warranti , coven or agreement on the part of fsl or afsl set forth in thi agreement or the spa , or if ani represent or warranti of fsl or afsl in thi agreement or the spa shall have becom untru , in either case such that the condit set forth in articl 7.1 of the spa would not be satisfi ( “ termin fsl breach ” ) ; provid , howev , that , if such termin fsl breach is curabl by fsl or afsl through the exercis of such parti ’ s reason best effort and for so long as such parti continu to exercis such reason best effort , tph or tph-a may not termin thi agreement under thi section 7.1.5 unless such breach is not cure within thirti ( 30 ) day after written notic thereof is provid by tph or tph-a to fsl and afsl pursuant to section 11.7 ( but no cure period is requir for a breach which , by it natur , can not be cure ) . 7.2 effect of termin prior to the effect date . in the event of termin of thi agreement pursuant to section 7.1 , thi agreement shall forthwith becom void and of no further forc and effect , there shall be no liabil under thi agreement on the part of ani parti or ani of their respect offic or director , and all right and oblig of each parti hereto shall cease; provid , howev , that ( i ) section 11.4 and section 11.6 shall remain in full forc and effect and surviv ani termin of thi agreement and ( ii ) noth herein shall reliev ani parti from liabil for the will breach of ani of it represent or warranti or the breach of ani of it coven or agreement set forth in thi agreement . 7.3 termin after the effect date . 7.3.1 after the effect date , thi agreement may be termin on the date that the first of the follow shall occur : ( i ) by mutual written consent duli execut by fsl and afsl on the one hand , and tph-a and tph on the other hand; ( ii ) by fsl/afsl or tph/tph-a , if there is onli one ( 1 ) sharehold , whatsoev the reason , in the company; - 16- confidenti execut version ( iii ) if the put option or call option is exercis , one ( 1 ) busi day after the put close date or call close date , as applicable; ( iv ) by tph/tph-a , if fsl/afsl ha not exercis the put option within one hundr eighti ( 180 ) day of the option start date; or ( v ) by fsl/afsl and tph/tph-a , if there is a chang in the control of the other and the acquiring/succeed entiti caus such chang in the control is an entiti that may be reason believ to be objection to the japanes govern and/or fsl includ fsl ’ s affili in case of the termin by fsl/afsl or the us govern and/or tph in case of the termin by tph/tph-a , termin to be effect upon thirti ( 30 ) day ’ notic of termin . by way of exampl onli , an entiti that deal in weapon or weapon system directli or indirectli may be deem as such objection entiti . 7.3.2 in the event that ani one of the follow event appli to a parti , the other parti ( i ) shall have the right to termin thi agreement at ani time : ( i ) it ha breach ani provis of thi agreement and , after have receiv a written notic to cure the breach from the other parti ( i ) , ha fail to cure such breach within thirti ( 30 ) day after the receipt of such notice; ( ii ) it ha been subject to attach , provision disposit or ha been subject to a procedur for the collect of a tax delinquency; or ( iii ) a petit for the commenc of ani bankruptci , civil rehabilit , or corpor liquid procedur ha occur . 7.4 dissolut and winding-up . in case where thi agreement is termin pursuant to section 7.3 ( except for the case of section 7.3.1 ( ii ) and ( iii ) , and the case where a sharehold ha exercis the right as specifi in section 7.4 or 7.5 ) , the compani shall be dissolv and wound up unless otherwis agre by the parti . in the absenc of mutual agreement of the parti to dissolv and wind up the compani on such term and condit as they shall determin , the busi and affair of the compani shall be dissolv and wound up in accord with the law then in effect . 7.5 sharehold call upon breach . 7.5.1 call by afsl . if , after the effect date , tph or tph-a shall have materi breach ani of it represent or warranti contain in thi agreement or shall have fail to compli in ani materi respect with ani of the other coven or agreement contain in thi agreement , which breach or failur shall not have been remedi within thirti ( 30 ) day after written notic thereof ( the “ default notic ” ) ha been given by afsl to tph/tph-a , then afsl shall have the option of purchas from tph-a , and tph-a shall be oblig to sell , all of the share then own by tph-a at a purchas price per share equal to the lesser of : ( i ) the net book valu as of the most recent month end ( provid that , if the net book valu is a neg amount , the product of the net book valu multipli by such sale share shall be deem to be one japanes yen ( ¥1 ) ) , or ( ii ) the share purchas price , divid by the number of sale share . afsl shall provid written notic of it elect ( the “ elect notic ” ) to purchas the share own by tph-a within ten ( 10 ) busi day follow the expir of the thirti ( 30 ) day cure period set forth in the default notic . the close of the purchas of the share own by tph-a - 17- confidenti execut version shall take place within thirti ( 30 ) busi day follow the date of the elect notic , or at such other time as the parti may mutual agre . at such close , afsl shall deliv to tph-a , by wire transfer , the full amount of the purchas price in japanes yen for such share as provid in thi section 7.5.1 against deliveri by tph-a of the follow : ( a ) a sale agreement in form reason satisfactori to afsl contain among other thing , a represent and warranti of tph-a that it is , and afsl shall be , the benefici owner of such share , with good titl thereto , free and clear of all lien and other encumbrances; ( b ) documentari evid reason satisfactori to afsl of the transfer to it of all of tph-a ’ s share and ( c ) resign of all director , if ani , on the board appoint by tph-a . notwithstand the remedi provid in thi section 7.5.1 , afsl/fsl shall be entitl to all other remedi against tph/tph-a avail at law or equiti or under thi agreement . 7.5.2 call by tph-a . if , after the effect date , fsl or afsl shall have materi breach ani of it represent or warranti contain in thi agreement or shall have fail to compli in ani materi respect with ani of the other coven or agreement contain in thi agreement , which breach or failur shall not have been remedi within thirti ( 30 ) day after the default notic ha been given by tph-a to fsl/afsl , then tph-a shall have the option of purchas from afsl , and afsl shall be oblig to sell , all of the share then own by afsl at a purchas price per share equal to the lesser of : ( i ) the net book valu as of the most recent month end ( provid that , if the net book valu is a neg amount , the product of the net book valu multipli by such sale share shall be deem to be one japanes yen ( ¥1 ) ) , or ( ii ) the share purchas price , divid by the number of sale share . tph-a shall provid the elect notic to purchas the share own by afsl within ten ( 10 ) busi day follow the expir of the thirti ( 30 ) day cure period set forth in the default notic . the close of the purchas of the share own by afsl shall take place within thirti ( 30 ) busi day follow the date of the elect notic , or at such other time as the parti may mutual agre . at such close , tph-a shall deliv to afsl , by wire transfer , the full amount of the purchas price in japanes yen for such share as provid in thi section 7.5.2 against deliveri by afsl of the follow : ( a ) a sale agreement in form reason satisfactori to tph-a contain among other thing , a represent and warranti of afsl that it is , and tph-a shall be , the benefici owner of such share , with good titl thereto , free and clear of all lien and other encumbrances; ( b ) documentari evid reason satisfactori to tph-a of the transfer to it of all of afsl ’ s share and ( c ) resign of all director , if ani , on the board appoint by afsl . notwithstand the remedi provid in thi section 7.5.2 , tph/tph-a shall be entitl to all other remedi against fsl/afsl avail at law or equiti or under thi agreement . 7.6 sharehold call upon bankruptci after the effect date . 7.6.1 call by afsl . after the effect date , in the event of ( a ) ani distress , execut , sequestr or other process be levi or enforc upon tph or tph-a; ( b ) the adjud of tph or tph-a as a bankrupt or insolv subject to ani insolv or bankruptci law; ( c ) the make by the tph or tph-a of an assign for the benefit of creditors; ( d ) the suspens of payment or a moratorium on payment to creditors; or ( e ) the appoint of a receiv or judici manag or truste for the busi or properti of tph or tph-a , then afsl shall have the right to purchas the share of tph-a in the same manner and subject to the same term and condit as specifi in section 7.5.1 . - 18- confidenti execut version 7.6.2 call by tph-a . after the effect date , in the event of ( a ) ani distress , execut , sequestr or other process be levi or enforc upon fsl or afsl; ( b ) the adjud of fsl or afsl as a bankrupt or insolv subject to ani insolv or bankruptci law; ( c ) the make by the fsl or afsl of an assign for the benefit of creditors; ( d ) the suspens of payment or a moratorium on payment to creditors; or ( e ) the appoint of a receiv or judici manag or truste for the busi or properti of fsl or afsl , then tph-a shall have the right to purchas the share of afsl in the same manner and subject to the same term and condit as specifi in section 7.5.2 . 7.7 surviv of provis after the effect date . section 11.4 , 11.6 , 11.7 , 11.14 and 11.15 shall specif surviv the termin of thi agreement after the effect date . in case where thi agreement is termin pursuant to section 7.3.1 ( ii ) and ( iii ) , section 9.4 , articl x , and section 11.5 shall also specif surviv the termin of thi agreement after the effect date . 7.8 cooper . dure the term of the joint ventur , each parti shall cooper with the other and shall take all action necessari in order to consumm ani sale and purchas of share , or dissolut and wind up of the compani . articl viii transfer restrict 8.1 restrict on transfer . except as set forth in thi articl viii , prior to the option start date , without the prior written consent of the other sharehold , no sharehold may sell , assign , transfer , pledg , encumb or otherwis dispos of , by oper of law or otherwis , ani of it share , or right in or associ with such share , and ani purport sale , assign , transfer , pledg , encumbr or disposit by a sharehold of it share in violat of thi articl viii shall be invalid and of no forc and effect . 8.2 permiss transfer . afsl shall be entitl at ani time to transfer all but not a portion of the share regist in it name to fsl or ani other entiti control by fsl , and tph-a shall be entitl at ani time to transfer all but not a portion of the share regist in it name to tph or ani other entiti control by tph; provid that fsl ( or such other entiti control by fsl ) and tph ( or such other entiti control by tph ) , as applic , shall assum the oblig of afsl and tph-a , as applic , hereund , as set forth in articl vi . articl ix put option and call option 9.1 afsl ’ s right to requir the purchas of the share by tph or tph-a . 9.1.1 as long as afsl and fsl are not in materi and continu breach of thi agreement or the ancillari agreement , fsl or afsl may trigger the option to sell the put share to tph-a or it designe ( the “ put option ” ) by provid a written notic of the exercis of the put option ( the “ put exercis notic ” ) simultan to the compani , tph and tph-a , which notic state ( i ) such parti ’ s bona fide intent to exercis the put option , and ( ii ) the date on which such parti intend that the put close date occur . - 19- confidenti execut version 9.1.2 fsl or afsl may not exercis the put option for less than one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the share held by both fsl and afsl or ani affili of fsl or afsl , as the case may be . 9.1.3 fsl and afsl may not exercis the put option prior to the option start date nor more than one hundr eighti ( 180 ) day after the option start date . 9.1.4 the purchas price for the put share ( the “ put option price ” ) shall be the greater of ( x ) the amount in japanes yen equal to the net book valu as of the most recent complet month end prior to the put close date , minu the net book valu as of the most recent complet month end prior to the effect date , multipli by the number of put share , or ( y ) one japanes yen ( ¥1 ) . 9.1.5 upon fsl ’ s or afsl ’ s exercis of the put option , tph-a shall be oblig to purchas or caus tph-a ’ s designe to purchas , and tph shall be oblig to caus tph-a or tph-a ’ s designe to purchas , the put share in accord with thi section 9.1. for the avoid of doubt , the put option is the right of afsl/fsl , and afsl/fsl is not oblig to exercis the put option . 9.1.6 complet of the sale and purchas of the put share pursuant to the exercis of the put option by afsl/fsl shall take place on the date specifi in the put exercis notic ( which shall be a date after at least sixti ( 60 ) day from the date of the put exercis notic ) ( the “ put close date ” ) and on which date : ( i ) tph-a shall , or shall caus it designe to , and tph shall caus tph-a or tph-a ’ s designe to , pay to afsl the put option price for the put share by way of a bank transfer to the bank account as separ design by afsl; and ( ii ) in exchang for which , afsl shall deliv to tph-a or it designe duli execut a letter of request to enter in the sharehold regist of the compani the inform that is requir to be regist with regard to the put shares; and 9.1.7 afsl and tph-a shall caus the board to approv the share transfer of the put share on or prior to the put close date . 9.2 tph-a ’ s right to requir the purchas of the share from fsl or afsl . 9.2.1 as long as tph-a and tph are not in materi and continu breach of thi agreement or the ancillari agreement , tph-a or tph may trigger the option to purchas the call share ( the “ call option ” ) by provid a written notic of the exercis of the call option ( the “ call exercis notic ” ) simultan to the compani , fsl and afsl , which notic state ( i ) such parti ’ s bona fide intent to exercis the call option , and ( ii ) the date on which such parti intend that the call close date occur . - 20- confidenti execut version 9.2.2 tph or tph-a may not exercis the call option for less than one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the share held by both fsl and afsl or ani affili of fsl or afsl , as the case may be . 9.2.3 tph-a and tph may not exercis the call option prior to the option start date nor more than one hundr eighti ( 180 ) day after the option start date . 9.2.4 the purchas price for the call share ( the “ call option price ” ) shall be the greater of ( x ) the amount in japanes yen equal to the net book valu as of the most recent complet month end prior to the call close date , minu the net book valu as of the most recent complet month end prior to the effect date , multipli by the number of call share , or ( y ) one japanes yen ( ¥1 ) . 9.2.5 upon tph-a ’ s or tph ’ s exercis of the call option , afsl/fsl shall be oblig to sell , or caus the holder of the call share to sell , the call share to tph-a or it designe in accord with thi section 9.2. for the avoid of doubt , the call option is the right of tph-a and tph-a is not oblig to exercis the call option . 9.2.6 complet of the sale and purchas of the call share pursuant to the exercis of the call option by tph- a/tph shall take place on the date specifi in the call exercis notic ( which shall be a date after at least sixti ( 60 ) day from the date of the call exercis notic ) ( the “ call close date ” ) and on which date : ( i ) tph-a shall , or shall caus it designe to , and tph shall caus tph-a or tph-a ’ s designe to , pay to afsl the call option price for the call share by way of a bank transfer to the bank account as separ design by afsl; and ( ii ) in exchang for which , afsl shall deliv to tph-a or it designe duli execut a letter of request to enter in the sharehold regist of the compani the inform that is requir to be regist with regard to the call share . 9.2.7 afsl and tph-a shall caus the board to approv the share transfer of the call share on or prior to the call close date . 9.3 condit to put option or call option close . each parti ’ s oblig to complet the put option or call option at the put close date or call close date , as applic , is subject to the fulfil on or befor such put close date or call close date of each of the follow condit , unless waiv in write ( where permiss ) by the applic parti in such close : 9.3.1 tph ’ s stockhold approv . the acquisit of the option share ( as defin in the spa ) , shall have been approv and adopt by the requisit stockhold of tph in accord with delawar law and tph ’ s certif of incorpor and bylaw , which approv shall have been obtain prior to the effect date , to the extent permiss under delawar law . 9.3.2 no order . no government author or court of compet jurisdict locat or have jurisdict over ani of the parti in the unit state shall have enact , issu , promulg , enforc or enter ani statut , rule , regul , decre , judgment , injunct or other - 21- confidenti execut version order , whether temporari , preliminari or perman ( each an “ order ” ) which is then in effect and ha the effect of make the close of the put option or call option , as applic , illeg or otherwis prohibit consumm of the put option or call option . 9.3.3 government approv . all requir author , permit , consent , order , action or approv of , or declar or file with , or expir or termin of wait period impos by , ani government author in the unit state , whether feder , state or local , that may be requir , as well as ani government author in ani other jurisdict which the parti mutual agre in good faith is requir to be obtain , in each case , to consumm the put option or call option , shall have been file , occur or been obtain , includ that ani requir wait period ( and ani extens thereof ) under the hart-scott-rodino act relat to the transact contempl by the put option or call option shall have expir or been termin earli . 9.3.4 no other litig . there shall not be pend ani legal proceed against or on behalf of ani parti prevent or prohibit or seek to prevent or prohibit the close of the put option or the call option , as applic . 9.4 other oblig . 9.4.1 after the put close date or call close date , as applic , the parti shall use their best effort to obtain and maintain all necessari approv and registr to effect thi agreement and all relat agreement and documents; provid , howev , that the parti shall not be requir to chang ani provis of thi agreement or the spa , and no parti shall be requir to divest ani materi busi unless contempl by thi agreement or the spa . 9.4.2 for two ( 2 ) year after the put close date or call close date , as applic , tph shall make , and caus tph-a to make , everi best effort to maintain the employe of the compani . 9.4.3 the director appoint by fsl or afsl shall take whatev step as are necessari to resign effect as of the put close date or call close date , as applic . immedi after the put close date or call close date , as applic , tph-a , tph and the compani shall be prohibit from use the logo , trademark , corpor name and other indic util or show the name of afsl or it affili ( the “ fujitsu logo ” ) , and shall exclud the fujitsu logo from ani materi of the compani . tph/tph-a shall chang the corpor name of the compani . articl x treatment of employe 10.1 new term and condit for employ . the term and condit of employ of ani person employ by the compani after the put close date or call close date , as applic , shall be on term and condit satisfactori to the compani , tph and tph-a . 10.2 represent and warranti regard employ . fsl and afsl repres and warrant to tph and tph-a , as of the date hereof and as of the put close date or call close date , as applic , that : - 22- confidenti execut version 10.2.1 fsl , afsl and the compani do not have ani pension liabil in respect of the compani ’ s employe or the compani ’ s pension plans; 10.2.2 there is no materi labor disput between fsl , afsl or the compani , on the one hand , and the compani ’ s employe , on the other hand or legal proceed against fsl , afsl or the compani relat to the compani ’ s employees; and 10.2.3 in the event of ani liabil to the compani ’ s employe to the extent relat to their employ by the compani , afsl , fsl or afsl/fsl ’ s affili prior to the put close date or call close date , as applic , afsl and fsl agre that such liabil shall be born sole by afsl/fsl and not the compani or tph-a/tph . articl xi miscellan 11.1 no partnership . none of the provis of thi agreement shall be deem to constitut a partnership between or among the parti and they shall have no author to bind one anoth or the compani in ani way . 11.2 limit on parti ’ author . none of the parti shall have or hold itself out as have , ani right , author or agenc to act on behalf of ani other parti or the compani in ani capac or in ani manner except as specif author in thi agreement , and none of the parti shall becom liabl to ani other parti or to ani other person by reason of ani represent , action or omiss of ani other parti contrari to thi provis . without limit the gener of the forego , in no event shall ani parti have ani liabil or oblig for ani debt , liabil or contractu oblig of ani other parti to ani other person and each parti agre to indemnifi and hold harmless ani other parti as to such debt , liabil and contractu oblig . 11.3 indemnif . 11.3.1 each parti agre to indemnifi , defend and hold harmless the compani and ani other parti , it permit successor and assign , from and against ani and all loss , liabil , claim , damag , cost and expens includ reason legal fee and disburs in connect therewith ( collect , “ claim ” ) assert against or incur by the compani or such other parti which aris out of , result from , or may be payabl by virtu of , ani breach of ani represent , warranti , coven or agreement made or oblig requir to be perform by the indemnifi parti pursuant to thi agreement . notwithstand the forego , claim relat to the purchas of the share under the spa shall be govern by the indemnif provis set forth in the spa . 11.3.2 in the case of a third parti claim which is subject to indemnif under thi section 11.3 , the indemnifi parti shall be notifi promptli in write of the exist of ani such claim institut at ani time against or made upon the indemnifi parti or the compani by ani third parti , and shall be given the opportun to defend the same with counsel of it choic , in which defens the indemnifi parti or the compani , as the case may be , shall cooper . if the indemnifi parti , after notif , fail promptli to undertak such defens , then the indemnifi parti , or the compani , as the case may be , may undertak the defens with counsel of it choic , in which case the indemnifi parti shall bear the cost of such defens , includ reason legal - 23- confidenti execut version fee and disburs in connect therewith , and shall pay the amount of ani judgment or settlement . 11.4 confidenti . 11.4.1 all inform , whether written or oral , relat to the compani , the parti or their affili , or their respect busi or oper , which includ but is not limit to inform obtain as a proprietari right ( “ confidenti inform ” ) , disclos by ani parti ( the “ disclos parti ” ) to ani other parti ( or it director , offic , employe or repres ) shall be kept strictli secret and confidenti and shall not be disclos to ani person except to the extent that ani such disclosur is necessari in connect with the perform of thi agreement , and except to the extent that ( i ) such inform is known to such other parti when receiv or is or subsequ becom law obtain from other sources; ( ii ) the duti as to confidenti and non-us is waiv in write by the disclos party; or ( iii ) disclosur of such inform is requir by applic law or is validli order by a government author . the parti further agre that they shall not use , nor permit their respect affili to use , ani confidenti inform for ani purpos whatsoev except in the manner expressli provid or contempl in thi agreement . notwithstand the forego , the treatment of ani confidenti inform disclos pursuant to the amend process develop agreement shall be govern sole by the amend process develop agreement . 11.4.2 each of the parti agre to take , and to caus it respect affili and the compani to take , reason adequ secur and precautionari measur to effect complianc with thi section 11.4 by director , offic , employe and agent of each of the parti , their respect affili and the compani who are given access to confidenti inform . 11.4.3 each of the parti herebi acknowledg that the disclos parti would be irrepar harm by a breach of thi section 11.4 and it would not be possibl to estim damag result from such a breach . the parti agre that the disclos parti shall be entitl to injunct relief to prevent a breach or continu breach of thi section 11.4 , or ani part of it , and to secur the enforc of thi section 11.4 and shall be entitl to recov from the other parti reason legal fee and all cost and expens incur in connect with such an action 11.5 access to compani inform after the put close date or the call close date . in case it is necessari for afsl/fsl to access to ani materi or inform of the compani prepar or otherwis made on or befor the put close date or the call close date due to requir by ani government author or ani third parti on or after the put close date or the call close date , then , tph/tph-a shall fulli cooper , and shall caus the compani to fulli cooper , with afsl/fsl so that afsl/fsl can access such materi or inform . 11.6 expens . except as otherwis expressli provid herein , each parti shall pay their own expens incur in connect with the execut of thi agreement and their respect perform of the oblig provid for herein , includ the expens incur by director nomin by the respect sharehold in connect with attend at meet of the board . - 24- confidenti execut version 11.7 notic . all notic , waiver and other commun requir or permit hereund shall be in write and shall be deem to have been duli given when deliv by hand or one ( 1 ) day after be sent by e-mail ( with reason evid of transmiss ) and follow by regist mail or an intern recogn overnight courier servic if those to be notifi , includ sharehold , director and auditor , resid outsid japan , address to the parti to whom the notic is intend to be given at the address specifi below : ( a ) if to afsl : no.4 kogyo danchi , monden-machi , aizu wakamatsu , fukushima , japan aizu fujitsu semiconductor limit attn : presid and repres director ( b ) if to fsl : shin-yokohama chuo build , 2-100-45 , shin-yokohama , kohoku-ku , yokohama , kanagawa , japan fujitsu semiconductor limit attn : head of corpor manag unit ( c ) if to tph : 75 castilian drive goleta , ca 93117 , u.s.a. transphorm , inc. attn : chief execut offic with a copi , which shall not constitut notic , to each of : wilson sonsini goodrich & rosati , p.c . 650 page mill road palo alto , ca 94304-1050 , u.s.a. attn : mark bertelsen and julia reigel and mori hamada & matsumoto marunouchi park build , 2-6-1 marunouchi , chiyoda-ku , tokyo 100-8222 , japan attn : masujima masakazu or to such other address or address as ani such parti may from time to time design by written notic . notwithstand the forego , the parti acknowledg and agre that notic hereund may be provid by e-mail , but such notic shall not be deem effect unless and until the parti to whom such notic wa deliv confirm , in write , receipt of such notic . - 25- confidenti execut version 11.8 successor and assign . thi agreement shall be bind upon and inur to the benefit of the parti and their permit successor and assign . notwithstand the forego , no right , oblig or liabil hereund shall be assign by a parti without prior written consent of all of the other parties; provid , howev , that a parti shall not unreason withhold it consent to the assign of right and oblig by the other parti to it affili if that affili ’ s perform ha been guarante satisfactorili in form and substanc by the assign parti . 11.9 waiver . no action taken pursuant to thi agreement shall be deem to constitut a waiver of complianc with ani represent , warranti , coven or agreement contain in thi agreement and shall not oper or be constru as a waiver of a similar or dissimilar natur . a parti may by written notic ( a ) extend the time for perform of ani of the oblig or other action of ani other parti under thi agreement , ( b ) waiv ani inaccuraci in the represent or warranti of ani other sharehold contain in thi agreement , or ( c ) waiv or modifi perform of ani of the coven or oblig of ani other parti under thi agreement . 11.10 announc . fsl , afsl tph and tph-a shall consult and confer with each other prior to make ani public announc concern ani of the transact contempl in thi agreement . 11.11 entir agreement . thi agreement supersed ani previou agreement , whether written or oral , that may have been made or enter into by and among the parti or ani of them or their repres relat to the matter contempl herebi . thi agreement constitut the entir agreement by and among the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof . 11.12 amend . thi agreement may be amend or supplement onli by written agreement sign by the parti . 11.13 limit on right of third person . noth express or impli in thi agreement is intend or shall be constru to confer upon or give ani person other than the parti ani right or remedi under or by reason of thi agreement or ani transact contempl herebi , except the permit assign of the parti . 11.14 govern law; languag . the english text of thi agreement shall control ani interpret of it provis , and thi agreement and the legal relat among the parti and the compani shall in all respect be interpret , constru and govern by and in accord with the law of japan . 11.15 resolut of disput . 11.15.1 the parti shall attempt in good faith to resolv ani and all disput aris out of or relat to thi agreement through friendli consult . if the parti can not resolv the disput through friendli consult , the provis of section 11.15.2 to section 11.15.4 shall appli with respect to such disput . 11.15.2 ani disput , controversi or claim aris out of or relat to thi agreement , or the breach , termin or invalid hereof , shall be final resolv exclus by arbitr administ by the hong kong intern arbitr centr ( “ hkiac ” ) . the arbitr shall be conduct in accord with the hkiac administ arbitr rule in effect at the time of the arbitr , except as they may be modifi by mutual agreement of the - 26- confidenti execut version parti . the seat of the arbitr shall be hong kong . the arbitr shall be conduct in the english languag . 11.15.3 the arbitr shall be conduct by three ( 3 ) arbitr . the parti initi arbitr ( the “ claimant ” ) shall appoint an arbitr in it request for arbitr ( the “ request ” ) . the other parti to the arbitr ( the “ respond ” ) shall appoint an arbitr within thirti ( 30 ) day of receipt of the request and shall notifi claimant of such appoint in write . the first two ( 2 ) arbitr appoint in accord with thi provis shall appoint a third arbitr , who shall act as chair of the tribun . the arbitr award shall be in write , state the reason for the award , and be final and bind on the parti . the award may includ an award of cost , includ , without limit , reason attorney ’ fee and disburs . in addit to monetari damag , the arbitr tribun shall be empow to award equit relief . 11.15.4 the parti agre that the arbitr shall be kept confidenti , and that the cost of arbitr shall be born by the lose parti unless otherwis determin by the arbitr award . all payment made pursuant to the arbitr decis or award and ani judgment enter thereon shall be made in unit state dollar , free from ani deduct , offset or withhold for tax . 11.15.5 notwithstand thi section 11.15 or ani other provis to the contrari in thi agreement , no parti shall be oblig to follow the forego arbitr procedur where such parti intend to appli to ani court of compet jurisdict for an interim injunct or similar equit relief against ani other parti , provid there is no unreason delay in the prosecut of that applic . 11.15.6 when ani disput occur and when ani disput is under litig or arbitr , except for the matter in disput , the parti shall continu to fulfil their respect oblig and shall be entitl to exercis their right under thi agreement . howev , thi provis shall not appli to right or oblig extinguish in connect with a valid termin of thi agreement . 11.15.7 judgment on the award render by the arbitr may be enter in ani court have jurisdict . except as set forth abov , each of the parti herebi irrevoc waiv ani and all right to trial by juri in ani legal proceed aris out of or relat to thi agreement or the transact contempl herebi . 11.16 sever . each section and subsect of thi agreement constitut a separ and distinct undertak or provis hereof . whenev possibl , each provis of thi agreement shall be interpret in such manner as to be effect and valid under applic law . in the event that ani provis of thi agreement shall final be determin by a compet court or tribun to be unlaw or unenforc , such provis shall be deem sever from thi agreement , but everi other provis of thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect , and in substitut for ani such provis held unlaw or unenforc , there shall be substitut a provis of similar import reflect the origin intent of the parti to the extent permiss under applic law . - 27- confidenti execut version 11.17 execut in counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in one or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which togeth shall constitut one and the same agreement . the signatur of each parti may be evidenc by an electron ( e.g. , pdf ) copi of thi agreement bear such signatur and transmit to the other parti . such signatur shall be valid and bind as if an origin execut copi of thi agreement ha been deliv . 11.18 titl and head . titl and head to section herein are insert for conveni of refer onli and are not intend to be a part of or to affect the mean or interpret of thi agreement . 11.19 counsel onli to tph and tph-a . wilson sonsini goodrich & rosati , p.c . ( “ wsgr ” ) and mori hamada & matsumoto ( “ mhm ” ) are counsel sole to tph-a and tph . the other parti to the agreement acknowledg that they are not reli on wsgr or mhm for advic in connect with the matter relat to thi agreement and the transact contempl herebi , and that they have had the opportun consult counsel of their own choos and have elect not to do so . [ signatur page follow ] - 28- confidenti execut version in wit whereof , the parti have caus their respect duli author offic to execut thi agreement as of the day and year first abov written . aizu fujitsu semiconductor limit by : /s/ atsuo shimizu name : atsuo shimizu titl : presid and repres director fujitsu semiconductor limit by : /s/ kagemasa magaribuchi name : kagemasa magaribuchi titl : presid and repres director transphorm , inc. by : /s/ mario riva name : mario riva titl : chief execut offic signatur page to the joint ventur agreement confidenti execut version exhibit a form of joinder agreement thi joinder ( thi “ joinder ” ) , date as of [ ● ● ] , 2017 , is deliv pursuant to ( a ) section 6.3 of that certain joint ventur agreement date as of may 23 , 2017 , by and among aizu fujitsu semiconductor limit ( the “ seller ” ) , fujitsu semiconductor limit ( “ fsl ” ) and transphorm , inc. ( “ tph ” ) ( as such agreement may be amend , supplement or modifi from time to time in accord with it term , the “ joint ventur agreement ” ) and ( b ) section 5.3.2 of that certain share purchas agreement date as of may 23 , 2017 , by and among the seller , fsl and tph ( as such agreement may be amend , supplement or modifi from time to time in accord with it term , the “ share purchas agreement ” ) . the undersign , [ ● ] , a japanes corpor ( “ tph-a ” ) herebi agre that thi joinder may be attach to each of the joint ventur agreement and the share purchas agreement . 1. joinder to joint ventur agreement . tph-a , by execut and deliv thi joinder , herebi becom a parti to the joint ventur agreement in the capac of “ tph-a ” as defin therein in accord with section 6.3 thereof , and agre to be bound by all of the term and condit thereof ( includ without limit all of the represent and warranti and coven of tph-a therein to be made or perform , as applic , from and after the date hereof ) , in each case as if the undersign were a direct signatori thereto . 2. joinder to share purchas agreement . tph-a , by execut and deliv thi joinder , herebi becom a parti to the share purchas agreement in the capac of the “ purchas ” as defin therein in accord with section 5.3.2 thereof , and agre to be bound by all of the term and condit thereof ( includ without limit all of the represent and warranti and coven of the purchas therein to be made or perform , as applic , from and after the date hereof ) , in each case as if the undersign were a direct signatori thereto . 3. represent and warranti . tph-a herebi repres and warrant that : a. tph-a ha all requisit power and author to enter into thi joinder and to perform it coven and oblig hereunder; and b. the execut and deliveri of thi joinder and the perform by tph-a of it coven and oblig hereund have been duli author by all necessari action on the part of tph-a and no further action is requir on the part of tph-a to author thi joinder or the perform by tph-a of it coven and oblig hereund . [ signatur page follow ] -exhibit a-1- confidenti execut version in wit whereof , the undersign ha caus thi joinder to be duli execut and deliv by it offic thereunto duli author as of [ ● ● ] , 2017 . [ ● ] , a japanes corpor by : name : titl : -exhibit a-2- confidenti execut version appendix 1 key employe depart employe id name date of hire titl [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] manag [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] name current employ [ ] second to tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] second to tph-j [ ] second to tph-j -a1-1- confidenti execut version appendix 2 gan equip no asset id tool name tool id applic i12026102439 [ ] [ ] [ ] i12016100800 [ ] [ ] [ ] i12016100427 [ ] [ ] [ ] i12016100801 [ ] [ ] [ ] i14086159094 [ ] [ ] [ ] i14086159092 [ ] [ ] [ ] invoic amount item specif last invoic month 2017/06 2017/07 2017/08 2017/09 2017/10 2017/11 2017/12 2018/01 2018/02 2018/03 2018/04 2018/5 2018/6 2018/7 2018/8 2018/9 2018/10 2018/11 2018/12 2019/01 2019/02 2019/03 2019/04 [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] -a2-1-