exhibit 10.5 certain confidenti inform contain in thi document , mark by [ …… ] , ha been omit becaus artara therapeut , inc. ha determin the inform ( i ) is not materi and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm to artara therapeut , inc. if publicli disclos . sponsor research and licens agreement thi sponsor research and licens agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) is enter into on novemb 28 , 2018 ( the “ effect date ” ) , by and between artara , inc. locat at 1 littl west 12th street , new york , ny 10014 ( “ artara ” ) , and the univers of iowa , locat at c/o divis of sponsor program , 2 gilmor hall , iowa citi , ia 52242 ( “ univers ” ) . artara and univers may individu be refer to herein as a “ parti , ” and collect as “ parties. ” wi t n e s s e t h : wherea , artara is engag in the develop of pharmaceut product for the treatment of seriou rare diseases; wherea , univers is engag in clinic research to improv the diagnosi and treatment of lymphangioma ( lm ) use ok-432 ( as defin below ) , a pharmaceut product not approv by regulatori author in the unit states; wherea , univers is engag in a clinic research program ( as defin below ) and with chugai pharmaceut co. , ltd. , 1-1 nihonbashi 2-chome , chuo-ku , tokyo , 103-8324 japan , and it wholly-own subsidiari , chugai pharma u.s.a , llc 300 connel drive , suit 3100 , berkeley height , new jersey 07922 ( collect “ chugai ” ) , the product manufacturer; wherea , princip investig ( as defin below ) of the program is an employe of the univers and hold the ind ( as defin below ) approv by the fda ( as defin below ) for ok-432 under bb-ind5266; wherea , artara wish to develop and submit for regulatori approv , tara-002 , a propos product that will be biosimilar to ok- 432; wherea , artara wish to use the program data ( as defin below ) collect from the program , conduct research analysi of the data and potenti reli on said program data to support regulatori approv ( as defin below ) for tara-002 in the territori ( as defin below ) ; and wherea , the copi , review and analysi of program data for the project ( as defin below ) contempl by thi agreement is of mutual interest and benefit to univers and artara . now , therefor , in consider of the forego premis and the mutual coven and agreement contain herein , the parti agre as follow : articl one definit 1.1 “ affili ” of a person or entiti mean ani other entiti which ( directli or indirectli ) is control by , control or is under common control with such person or entiti . for the purpos of thi definit , the term “ control ” ( includ , with correl mean , the term “ control by ” and “ under common control with ” ) as use with respect to an entiti will mean ( i ) in the case of a corpor entiti , direct or indirect ownership of vote secur entitl to cast at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the vote in the elect of director , or ( ii ) in the case of a non-corpor entiti , direct or indirect ownership of at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti interest with the power to direct the manag and polici of such entiti , provid that if local law restrict foreign ownership , control will be establish by direct or indirect ownership of the maximum ownership percentag that may , under such local law , be own by foreign interest . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 1.2 “ cro ” mean a contract research organ select by artara to assist in the project as approv by the univers and/or princip investig , such approv not to be unreason delay or withheld . 1.3 “ fda ” mean the unit state food and drug administr . 1.4 “ field ” mean all therapeut , diagnost and prophylact use of the product ( s ) . 1.5 “ first commerci sale ” mean the first sale for use or consumpt for which revenu ha been recogn of product in a countri or territori after all requir regulatori approv for commerci sale of product have been obtain in such countri or territori . 1.6 “ ich-gcp ’ s ” mean the intern confer on harmon and good clinic practic guidelin as adopt in the applic fda regul . 1.7 “ indic ” mean treatment of lymphangioma ( also known as lymphat malform ) in human . 1.8 “ ind ” mean univers file investig new drug applic on file with the fda ( bb-ind5266 ) for ok-432 for the indic . 1.9 “ net sale ” mean , with respect to the product , the gross invoic sale price payabl to artara and/or it affili and their respect license and sublicense for sale anywher in the world of the product to a third parti , less : ( a ) discount ( includ cash , quantiti and patient program discount ) , retroact price reduct , charge-back payment and rebat grant to manag health care organ or to feder , state and local govern , their agenc , and purchas and reimburs or to trade customers; ( b ) credit or allow actual , not to exceed the origin invoic amount , grant upon claim , damag good , reject or return of the product , includ the product return in connect with recal or withdrawals; ( c ) freight out , postag , ship and insur charg for deliveri of the product if charg separ and includ in the gross receipts; and ( d ) tax or duti , exclud incom tax and value-ad tax , levi on , absorb or otherwis impos on the sale of the product , includ government charg otherwis impos upon the bill amount , as adjust for rebat and refund , provid that such are includ in gross receipt and are paid to and/or it affili and their respect license and sublicense . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 net sale shall be determin in accord with gener accept account principl , consist appli . 1.10 “ ok-432 ” mean picibanil ( ok-432 ) , a lyophil mixtur of group a streptococcu pyogen develop by chugai and that ha been approv by applic japanes pharmaceut regulatori author for the treatment of the indic . 1.11 “ princip investig ” mean richard smith , md 1.12 “ product ” shall mean tara-002 and ani similar product . 1.13 “ program ” mean collect , the clinic research studi investig the efficaci and safeti of ok-432 for the indic conduct by princip investig in collabor with multipl site in the unit state and the univers expand access program perform by princip investig design to improv the diagnosi and treatment of the indic use ok-432 . 1.14 “ program data ” mean the data set forth on exhibit a includ all case report form , sourc data , and safeti data in the possess of or avail to univers aris from the program and ani other data and inform includ in the ind . 1.15 “ project ” shall mean the compil and avail statist analys of the program data as describ in the project plan , which is summar in section 2.2 . 1.16 “ project document ” shall mean the document creat and gener by artara and cro in the conduct of the project that incorpor or is base upon program data . 1.17 “ project plan ” mean the plan for the project mutual agre upon by the parti as summar in section 2.2 . 1.18 “ right of refer ” mean the author to reli upon , and otherwis use , an investig for the purpos of obtain regulatori approv , includ the abil to make avail the underli raw ( sourc ) data from the investig for audit , if necessari . 1.19 “ regulatori approv ” mean the medic , technic and scientif licens , registr , author and approv ( includ without limit , approv of ind ’ s , new drug applic ( “ nda ’ s ” ) and equival , supplement and amend , pre- and post- approv , price and third-parti reimburs approv and label approv ) for the develop and commerci of pharmaceut product . 1.20 “ regulatori author ” mean ani applic nation , region , state or local regulatori agenc , depart , bureau , commiss , council or other government entiti , necessari for the develop , manufactur , distribut , market , promot , offer for sale , use , import , export or sale of a pharmaceut product in a regulatori jurisdict . 1.21 “ regulatori file ” mean collect , ind ’ s , product licens applic , drug master file , nda ’ s , biolog licens applic ( “ bla ” ) includ support and annual file and/or ani other equival or compar file as may be requir by regulatori author to obtain regulatori approv . 1.22 “ royalti ” mean the royalti on net sale of product in the indic , as set forth in articl three below . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 1.23 “ tara-002 ” mean the artara pharmaceut product intend to be similar to or biosimilar to ok-432 . 1.24 “ territori ” mean worldwid . articl two project 2.1 perform of project . the univers and/or princip investig togeth with artara and the cro will conduct the project in accord with the project plan and will use all reason endeavor consist with their expertis to success complet the project . it is the goal of the project to use the program data as clinic support for product regulatori file and to gain approv to commerci the product for the indic in the territori . 2.2 project plan . the project plan as approv by each of the parti may be modifi or amend onli upon mutual agreement of each of the parti . the project will consist of three phase : ( a ) phase i : univers and/or princip investig will provid access to the program data to artara and the cro at the univers ’ s facil . artara and the cro will be allow to make complet copi of the origin program data for the purpos of off-sit data entri and storag , all as and onli to the extent need to support artara ’ s effort to accomplish the project . univers will provid artara and cro the opportun to examin the origin of medic record and support record for the program data at the univers dure normal busi hour and at mutual agreeabl time . univers and princip investig will also provid to artara contact inform for other particip investig and research site that have contribut data to the program . univers will retain all program data for the sooner to occur of a new drug applic ( nda ) for the product be approv or ten ( 10 ) year from the effect date . artara will bear ani cost relat to necessari long-term on or off-sit storag of the program data , medic record and/or support record . artara understand that separ engag agreement may be requir by collabor third parti entiti and associ princip investig and univers will assist artara in obtain such agreement . it is understood that the goal of phase i is a feasibl analysi of the program data to support regulatori file in the unit state . ( b ) phase ii : univers recogn that becaus of artara ’ s unfamiliar with the program data databas , assist from the princip investig and other research and medic employe of the univers may from time to time be need for artara to queri and analyz the program data databas as need to achiev success present to applic regulatori author and submiss of regulatori file . artara will endeavor to minim univers resourc requir dure phase ii . the goal of phase ii will be to compil the project document . ( c ) phase iii : cro will convert program data to ectd format for submiss to regulatori author . univers recogn that artara may receiv specif data request from regulatori author in connect with artara ’ s present of program data to support regulatori file . univers will assist artara in respond to such request for data or access to sourc data from regulatori author . artara agre to notifi univers of such request as soon as is practic . the goal of phase iii will be file of a bla base on project document and respons to regulatori author . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 ( d ) phase iv option : upon mutual written agreement of univers and artara , artara may sponsor , and univers may conduct , new product or product-rel clinic studi ( for exampl , follow-up studi ) to support the goal of the project or as may be use for gain or maintain regulatori approv for the product for the indic . ani such studi will be at the sole discret of each parti subject to term and condit to be mutual agre upon in agreement separ from thi agreement . richard smith , md will be given first consider as a princip investig for all new product or product- relat clinic studi , in addit to other site provid final site select will be base on the best interest of the project . ( e ) phase v : public : collect data from the project will be use to write a paper by the univers and/or princip investig ( the “ public ” ) as a follow up to the public in 2009 ( smith mc , zimmerman mb , burk dk , bauman nm , sato y , smith rj; ok-432 collabor studi group . efficaci and safeti of ok-432 immunotherapi of lymphat malform . laryngoscop . 2009jan;119 ( 1 ) :107-15. doi : 10.1002/lary.20041 . pubm pmid : 19117316 ) . ( the “ public ” ) . the public will be in accord with the term in articl 5 herein . 2.3 project manag . dure the term of thi agreement , the princip investig and and/or hi author repres and artara author repres will meet as necessari to consult with one anoth and discuss the progress and result of the project and ani modif to the project plan . consult by either parti shall be by mean of person visit , correspond and telephon call , all as appear reason and necessari and are mutual agre upon by the princip investig and artara . articl three fund and payment 3.1 fund . dure the term of the project in accord with the project plan , artara will provid thirti thousand dollar ( us 30,000 ) per year in fund for the project , take into consider the time spent by univers employe requir for the project . the parti agre to discuss in good faith potenti addit fund requir for complet of the project as applic and necessari . 3.2 approv mileston base on data valu : within forty-f ( 45 ) day of an approv of the tara-002 bla by the fda , artara will pay a one- time approv mileston to univers pursuant to the use of the program data in tara-002 ’ s bla file , as set forth below : offici feedback from fda regard the program data mileston [ …… ] [ …… ] [ …… ] [ …… ] [ …… ] [ …… ] [ …… ] [ …… ] sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 3.3 royalti . royalti will be payabl by artara on net sale of product in the indic . artara will , no later than [ …… ] follow the close of each calendar quarter , pay tier royalti base on annual net sale of product in the indic as set forth below : annual net sale of product for the indic annual royalti rate percent net sale 0 - 25,000,000 1.75 > 25,000,000 - 50,000,000 2.25 > 50,000,000 2.50 3.4 royalti reduct . in the event the regulatori author determin that the program data is not suffici for regulatori approv on it own and addit pediatr efficaci and safeti clinic studi are requir , royalti set forth abov will be reduc by [ …… ] percent ( [ … … ] ) . 3.5 sale mileston payment . in the event that annual net sale , as detail in section 3.3 , surpass certain threshold , artara will make the follow payment no later than [ …… ] follow the close of the calendar quarter in which each mileston is reach as set forth below : annual net sale of product for the indic exce mileston payment 25,000,000 62,500 50,000,000 62,500 100,000,000 125,000 3.6 payment . all payment under articl 3.2 , 3.3 and 3.5 shall be sent to the follow address : check will be sent to : the univers of iowa research foundat attn : account 6 gilmor hall 112 north capitol st. iowa citi , ia 52242-5500 wire transfer will be sent to : [ …… ] sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 artara will includ the univers of iowa research foundat agreement number 2019- 068 , a refer to “ richard smith , md , artara sponsor research and licens agreement date novemb 28 , 2018 ” and purpos of payment with all payment . artara will add all applic wire transfer fee to wire transfer payment . all other payment shall be sent to the follow address : the univers of iowa c/o grant account offic 118 s. clinton st. iowa citi , ia 52242 articl four data and intellectu properti 4.1 program data and project document . ( a ) program data . access to all origin program data shall be provid to artara and the cro at univers ’ s facil in accord with the project plan for the purpos of review and copi as and onli to the extent need to support artara ’ s effort to accomplish the project . as between artara and the univers , ownership of all program data is herebi retain by the univers . ( b ) project document . all project document shall be own by artara to the extent publish in accord with section 5 herein , except that ownership of ani and all program data incorpor into project document shall as between artara and the univers remain with the univers . univers may use all project document without royalti oblig for patient care and for it own intern teach , research , and educ purpos , for public to the extent permit under section 5 herein , and for the purpos of compli with ani feder , state , or local law or regul . all medic record that support the program data and project document shall remain the properti of the univers . 4.2 licens . univers herebi grant to artara an exclus licens to use the program data sole for the project and in regulatori file in the field in the territori . 4.3 right of refer and ind assign . univers herebi grant to artara an exclus right of refer to all program regulatori file by univers in support of the product . upon written request of artara , univers will assign the ind to artara . 4.4 intellectu properti . all intellectu properti or patent invent aris out of or in connect with the project which is discov or invent sole by the univers and/or princip investig shall be the exclus properti of the univers ( “ univers intellectu properti ” ) . all intellectu properti or patent invent aris out of or in connect with the project which is discov or invent sole by or on behalf of artara shall be the exclus properti of artara . all intellectu properti or patent invent aris out of or in connect with the project that are discov or invent jointli by princip investig and artara shall be consid joint intellectu properti and shall be jointli own by the univers and artara . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 articl five confidenti information; public 5.1 confidenti . dure the term of thi agreement and for a period of seven ( 7 ) year after it termin or expir each parti ( the “ receiv parti ” ) shall maintain in confid and , except as author by thi agreement , not use ani know-how , data , process , techniqu , formula , test data and other inform disclos by the other parti ( the “ disclos parti ” ) and which for ani of the forego , if written , is mark “ confidenti ” by the disclos parti or , if verbal or visual , is identifi in write as “ confidenti ” at the time of disclosur and reduc to write by the disclos parti within thirti ( 30 ) day of the verbal or visual disclosur ( “ confidenti inform ” ) . 5.2 except . the oblig of confidenti and non-us set forth in paragraph 5.1 shall not appli to the extent that it can be establish by receiv parti that the inform : ( a ) wa alreadi known to receiv parti without restrict at the time of disclosure; ( b ) wa gener avail to the public or otherwis part of the public domain at the time of it disclosure; ( c ) becam gener avail to the public or otherwis part of the public domain after it disclosur to receiv parti through no breach of thi agreement by receiv party; ( d ) wa disclos to receiv parti without restrict by a third parti who had no known oblig to not to disclos such information; ( e ) wa independ develop by receiv parti without the use of confidenti information; ( f ) wa requir to be disclos by oper of law or court order; or ( g ) disclos parti gave prior written consent to receiv parti to disclos such confidenti inform . 5.3 return of confidenti inform . in the event the disclos parti request in write the return of confidenti inform , the receiv parti shall return such confidenti inform to disclos parti with the except of one copi , which may be retain for archiv purpos . 5.4 public . the univers and artara each agre to treat matter of authorship of the public in a proper collabor spirit and follow guidelin and polici in accord with the univers of iowa ’ s oper manual which may be found at : http : //opsmanual.uiowa.edu/ . it is anticip that employe of the univers will be first and senior author on the public , but it is understood that final authorship will be determin in accord with all applic law and regul in public practic , includ section 6002 of the afford care act a/k/a sunshin act and with icmj ( intern committe of medic journal editor ) guidelin , standard scientif practic and journal guidelin . univers and/or princip investig shall provid artara with a copi of ani propos public for review and comment at least [ …… ] prior to submiss thereof for public . artara shall have [ …… ] , after receipt of said copi to object to such propos public becaus there is confidenti inform which need protect . in the event that artara make such object , univers and/or princip investig shall refrain from submit such public for a maximum of [ …… ] from date of receipt of such object in order for artara to file patent applic ( s ) direct to patent subject matter contain in the propos public . if in it review , artara identifi inform it consid to be it confidenti inform , artara may requir redact of that confidenti information; provid , howev , that artara shall not requir remov of inform necessari for complet and accur present and interpret of the program data and result . the public shall occur within [ …… ] of the date the project is close or termin , or univers and/or princip investig shall be free to publish program data and result at that time . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 articl six representations; indemnif 6.1 represent . univers repres : ( a ) the program is be , and ha been , conduct in accord with all applic local , state and feder law , and regul , includ , but not limit to , the feder food , drug and cosmet act and the regul of the fda , intern confer on harmon good clinic practic as adopt in the applic fda regul ( “ gcp ’ s ” ) , and the form fda 1572 statement of investig . ( b ) the program is be and ha been conduct in accord with all applic medic privaci law or regul , includ without limit , by obtain ani requir subject inform consent to allow artara and artara ’ s author repres , fda and other regulatori author access to and use of enrol subject ’ medic inform as may be necessari for artara to receiv and use program data under thi agreement . ( c ) the clinic studi includ in the program are and have been conduct in accord with the applic protocol associ with the bb-ind5266 held by the princip investig . ( d ) univers repres that inform consent wa requir from all individu subject prior to enrol in the program , and that the program wa approv by the institut review board of the univers . ( e ) univers repres that it is author to enter into thi agreement and that the term of thi agreement are consist with the rule , regul , polici and/or guidelin of univers . ( f ) univers repres that to the best of it knowledg and belief there are no outstand agreement or assign which are inconsist with the right grant to artara pursuant to articl four . ( g ) the parti shall commenc perform of the project promptli after the date of last signatur of thi agreement and shall perform the project in accord with the current state of the laboratori research art and in accord with applic state and feder law , includ export law , and regul . ( h ) univers repres to the best of it knowledg , all inform provid to artara pursuant to thi agreement is accur in accord with ich-gcp ’ s . ( i ) except as otherwis expressli set forth in thi agreement , the univers make no represent and extend no warranti of ani kind , either express or impli , with respect to the subject matter of thi agreement . in particular , but without limit , the univers make no represent and extend no warranti concern whether the program data is accur or complet . the parti recogn and agre that all program data , and relat materi , document , and other inform , the univers make avail to artara at ani time in connect with thi agreement , are made avail to artara as an accommod , and without represent or warranti of ani kind , whether express , impli or statutori , as to the accuraci and complet of such materi , document , and other inform . artara expressli agre that ani relianc upon or conclus drawn from the program data shall be at artara ’ s own risk to the maximum extent permit by law and shall not give rise to ani liabil of or against the univers . artara herebi waiv and releas ani claim aris under thi agreement , common law or ani statut aris out of ani program data , relat materi , document or inform provid to it by the univers . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 ( j ) univers repres , to the best of it knowledg and belief , that neither it nor ani of it offic , director , employe involv in perform the project is present debar pursuant to the gener drug enforc act of 1992. univers shall notifi artara upon becom awar of ani inquiri or the commenc of ani such investig or proceed . 6.2 represent . artara repres and warrant : ( a ) it is a compani duli organ , exist , and in good stand under the law of delaware; ( b ) the execut , deliveri , and perform of thi agreement have been author by all necessari corpor action on the part of artara and the person sign thi agreement on behalf of artara ha the author to do so; ( c ) the make , exercis of ani right , or perform of ani oblig under thi agreement doe not violat ani separ agreement it ha with a third parti , and in so act , artara will not breach the term and condit of thi agreement or fail to compli with applic law , regul , and court orders; ( d ) it is not a parti to ani agreement or arrang that would prevent it from perform it duti and fulfil it oblig to the univers under thi agreement; ( e ) it ha and will maintain at the time specifi in articl 7 herein , the insur coverag call for in articl 7; ( f ) it will obtain ani addit licens from ani third parti need to perform and fulfil it duti and oblig under thi agreement; and ( g ) there is no pend litig and no threaten claim against it that could impair it abil or capac to perform and fulfil it duti and oblig under thi agreement . 6.3 indemnif by artara . to the extent permit by law , artara agre to defend , indemnifi and hold the univers of iowa research foundat , the univers , the state of iowa , the univers ’ s board of regent , their respect affili , truste , offic , director , faculti , staff , student , successor , assign , independ contractor , agent and employe includ but not limit to princip investig ( “ univers indemnite ” ) , harmless from and against ani and all liabil , loss , expens , reason adjud attorney ’ fee , or claim for injuri or damag aris out of the use of the program data by artara and it affili and subcontractor includ but not limit to the cro involv in the project , but onli in proport to and to the extent such liabil , loss , expens , attorney ’ fee , or claim for injuri or damag are caus by or result from the neglig or act or omiss of artara , it offic , agent , employe , subcontractor , the cro or affili . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 6.4 no consequenti damag . in no event shall either parti be liabl to the other parti under thi agreement in a direct action between the parti for special , indirect , incident or consequenti damag ( includ , without limit , loss of profit ) suffer by the other parti . articl seven insur 7.1 artara , affili , and sublicense will obtain and maintain commerci gener liabil insur with a reput and financi secur insur carrier prior to clinic test , make , use , import , offer to sell , or sell ani licens product or engag in ani other act involv ani licens product or the patent right , if such act could possibl creat risk of a claim against univers indemnite for person injuri or properti damag . ( a ) the insur will identifi univers indemnite as addit insur and will provid that the carrier will notifi univers in write at least [ …… ] prior to cancel , non-renew , or materi chang in coverag . should artara fail to obtain replac insur provid compar coverag within such [ …… ] period , univers will have the right to termin thi agreement effect as of the end of the [ …… ] period without notic or ani addit cure period . ( b ) the insur will includ coverag for product liabil with a minimum of [ …… ] dollar ( [ …… ] ) per occurr and [ … … ] dollar ( [ …… ] ) annual aggreg , coverag for contractu liabil , clinic trial liabil if ani such trial is perform , bodili injuri and properti damag , includ complet oper , person injuri , coverag for contractu employe , blanket contractu and product , and all other coverag standard for such polici . such insur will addit includ error and omiss insur with a minimum of [ …… ] dollar ( [ …… ] ) per occurr . ( c ) insur polici purchas to compli with thi articl seven will be kept in forc for at least [ …… ] after the last sale of licens product . 7.2 at univers ’ s request , such request to be made no more than annual , artara will provid univers with a certif of insur and notic of subsequ renew for it insur and that of affili extend right under thi agreement and of sublicense . 7.6 the specifi minimum coverag and other provis of thi articl seven do not constitut a limit on artara ’ s oblig to indemnifi the univers indemnite under thi agreement . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 articl eight term and termin 8.1 term . thi agreement may be termin by artara upon thirti ( 30 ) day prior written notic to univers . 8.2 termin by either parti . either parti may termin the project and all commit and oblig with respect thereto , subject to section 8.3 herein , upon thirti ( 30 ) day written notic to the other parti . in the event of ani termin of the project by univers , ( a ) univers agre to complet phase i and ii of the project , and ( b ) artara will continu to provid annual fund until the complet of phase ii . upon termin of the project by artara thi agreement will termin subject to section 8.3 and artara will reassign to univers the ind if assign thereof previous occur pursuant to section 4.3 . 8.3 surviv . termin of the project for ani reason shall not reliev ani parti of ani oblig that accru under thi agreement prior to termin . the provis of articl three , articl four , articl five , section 6.3 and 6.4 , and articl seven through nine shall surviv termin of the project by univers . the provis of articl five , section 6.3 and 6.4 , articl seven , section 8.3 and articl nine shall surviv termin of the project and thi agreement by artara . articl nine miscellan 9.1 forc majeur . univers will not be liabl for ani failur to perform as requir by thi agreement , if the failur to perform is caus by circumst reason beyond univers ’ s control , such as labor disturb or labor disput of ani kind , accid , failur of ani government approv requir for full perform , civil disord or commot , act of aggress , act of god , energi or other conserv measur , explos , failur of util , mechan breakdown , materi shortag , diseas , theft , or other such occurr . 9.2 public . no parti will use directli or by implic the name of ani other parti , or the name of ani employe thereof without prior written notif and agreement of the name parti for promot , market or advertis purpos . notwithstand the forego , noth herein shall prevent either parti from disclos the exist of thi agreement , the ident of the parti , or the basic natur and scope of the purpos of thi agreement . 9.3 notic . ani notic requir to be given pursuant to thi agreement shall be made by person deliveri or , if by mail , then by regist or certifi mail , return receipt request , by one parti to the other parti at the follow address . in the case of artara , notic should be sent to : artara therapeut 1 littl west 12th street ny , ny 10014 sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 attent : jess shefferman in the case of univers , notic should be sent to : the univers of iowa c/o divis of sponsor program 2 gilmor hall iowa citi , ia 52242 attent : [ …… ] 9.4 govern law . thi agreement shall be govern by the law of the state of iowa . 9.5 assign . no parti may assign ani right under thi agreement or deleg ani duti hereund without the prior written consent of the other parti . 9.6 independ contractor . the relationship between artara and the univers creat by thi agreement shall be one of an independ contractor and no parti shall have the author to bind or act as agent for the other parti . 9.7 entir agreement . thi agreement constitut the entir agreement between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersed all prior agreement and understand between the parti ( whether written or verbal ) relat to said subject matter . 9.8 sever . whenev possibl each provis of thi agreement shall be interpret in such a manner as to be effect and valid under applic law but should ani provis of thi agreement be held to be prohibit or invalid under applic law , such provis shall be ineffect onli to the extent of such prohibit or invalid , without invalid the remaind of thi agreement . howev , if such provis is deem signific and it invalid would substanti alter the basi of thi agreement , the parti will negoti in good faith to amend the provis of thi agreement to give effect to the origin intent of the parti . 9.9 waiver . no provis of thi agreement shall be waiv by ani act or omiss of the parti or their agent or employe except by an instrument in write expressli waiv such provis and sign by a duli author offic of the waiv parti . 9.10 counterpart . thi agreement may be sign in ani number of counterpart , includ in pdf format , each of which shall be an origin , with the same effect as though the signatur hereto and thereto were on the same instrument . 9.11 section head . the recit and descript head of thi agreement are for conveni onli and shall be of no forc or effect in interpret ani of the provis of thi agreement . sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 in wit whereof , the parti have caus thi agreement to be duli execut by an author offici as of the day and year first abov written . artara therapeut , inc. /s/ jess shefferman by : jess shefferman titl : chief execut offic the univers of iowa /s/ wendi beaver by : wendi beaver titl : execut director , divis of sponsor program read & acknowledg by princip investig /s/ richard smith by : richard smith , m.d . titl : professor of otolaryngolog head and neck surgeri sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020 exhibit a program data [ …… ] sourc : artara therapeut , inc. , 8-k , 1/10/2020