exhibit 10.1 certain confidenti portion of thi exhibit have been omit and replac with “ [ ] ” . such identifi inform ha been exclud from thi exhibit becaus it is ( i ) not materi and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm to the compani if disclos . execut version network build and mainten agreement between commnet wireless , llc and at & t mobil llc sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 mobil network gener agreement tabl of content .1 scope 1.2 scope of agreement 1.3 term of agreement 2.1 definit 2.2 affili 2.3 agreement 2.4 attorney ’ s fee 2.5 at & t competitor 2.6 at & t indemnifi parti 2.7 cell site 2.8 chang manag plan 2.9 chang of control 2.10chang order 2.11control 2.12custom inform 2.13deliver 2.14deliveri or complet 2.15deliveri date or complet date 2.16document 2.17drug screen 2.18employ claim 2.19excus delay 2.20firstnet author 2.21inform 2.22intellectu properti right 2.23item 2.24law 2.25liabil 2.26lien 2.27litig expens 2.28loss 2.29materi 2.30non-servic affect defect 2.31oem 2.32permit 2.33person 2.34physic entri 2.35restrict entiti 2.36servic affect defect 2.37servic proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . ii sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 mobil network gener agreement tabl of content 2.38softwar 2.39specif 2.40subcontractor 2.41suspend a site , suspend or suspens 2.42system 2.43third parti loss 2.44vendor indemnifi parti 2.45vendor person 2.46work 2.47write or written 3.1 gener term 3.2 affili 3.3 amend and waiver 3.4 anticip and actual delay in deliveri and perform 3.5 anticorrupt law 3.6 assign and delegation; chang of control 3.7 complianc with law 3.8 conflict of interest 3.9 construct and interpret 3.10cumul remedi 3.11deliveri , perform and accept 3.12entir agreement 3.13forc majeur 3.14govern contract provis and flow down 3.15govern law 3.16indemn 3.17inform 3.18infring 3.19insur 3.20invoic and payment 3.21licens and patent 3.22limit of damag 3.23offset right 3.24materi and servic furnish by vendor and at & t 3.25non-exclus market 3.26notic of certain event 3.27notic 3.28offshor work prohibit 3.29order of preced 3.30ownership of paid-for develop , use and reserv of right 3.31public proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 mobil network gener agreement tabl of content 3.32record and audit 3.33restrict entiti 3.34sever 3.35supplier citizenship and sustain 3.36surviv of oblig 3.37tax 3.38termin and suspens 3.39third parti administr servic 3.40third parti beneficiari 3.41titl and risk 3.42titl to materi furnish by at & t 3.43transact cost 3.44util of minor , women , and disabl veteran own busi enterpris 3.45vendor personnel and employ matter 3.46warranti 3.47subcontractors; work done by other 3.48afford care act 3.49custom inform 3.50reimburs expens 4.1 special term 4.2 access 4.3 at & t supplier inform secur requir ( sisr ) 4.4 background check 4.5 clean up 4.6 vendor ’ s audit financi statement 4.7 vendor personnel inform 4.8 damag to properti 4.9 disput resolut 4.10electron data interchang ( edi ) 4.11emerg work 4.12hazard materi and regul substanc 4.13identif of vendor ’ s personnel and equip 4.14independ contractor 4.15inspect of materi 4.16inspect of work 4.17lien 4.18notif of injuri or damag 4.19protect of properti 4.20releas void 4.21remov and manag of use batteri 4.22resourc recoveri center proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 mobil network gener agreement tabl of content 4.23safeti manag 4.24technic support 4.25testimoni 4.26at & t data and at & t deriv data ( big data ) 4.27busi continu plan 4.28chang in law 4.29foss 5.1 execut of agreement 5.2 transmiss of origin signatur and execut multipl counterpart exhibit a : govern flow down and contract claus exhibit b : supplier inform secur requir ( sisr ) exhibit c : chang manag plan addendum 1 : network build and structur payment addendum 2 : mainten proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 thi network build and mainten agreement is enter into as of the 31 day of juli , 2019 ( the “ effect date ” ) by and between commnet wireless , llc , a delawar limit liabil compani ( hereinaft refer to as “ vendor ” ) , and at & t mobil llc , a delawar limit liabil compani on behalf of itself and it affili ( as such term is defin herein ) ( collect and hereinaft refer to as “ at & t ” ) , each of which may be refer to in the singular as a “ parti ” or in the plural as the “ parties. ” 1.0 scope 1.1 scope of agreement . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , vendor shall ( i ) build , instal and deploy a radio access network ( “ ran ” ) at certain cell site in one or more state for at & t and it affili as more particularli describ in addendum 1 : network build and structur payment ( the “ build addendum ” ) attach hereto , ( ii ) provid ongo mainten of the ran network construct by vendor pursuant to the build addendum as more particularli describ in addendum 2 : mainten ( the “ mainten addendum ” ) attach hereto and ( iii ) provid to at & t certain other materi and servic relat thereto as describ herein and therein . in exchang for the provis of the materi and servic set forth in the build addendum , the parti agre that at & t will pay to vendor the structur payment ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) and in exchang for the provis of the materi and servic set forth in the mainten addendum , the parti agre that at & t will pay to vendor the mainten fee ( as such term is defin in the mainten addendum ) . vendor agre that the materi and servic provid pursuant to thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum shall strictli conform to the specif contain herein and therein . concurr herewith , the parti or their affili have enter into ( i ) that certain cell site backhaul master servic agreement between vendor and at & t corp. pursuant to which vendor is respons for provid transport servic from the cell site to at & t ’ s design mtso ( the “ transport agreement ” ) and ( ii ) that certain master licens agreement that govern all site licens agreement between at & t and vendor ( or it affili ) for the cell site ( the “ master licens agreement ” ) . 1.2 term of agreement . the “ term ” of thi agreement shall commenc on the effect date and shall continu in full forc and effect until the expir or earlier termin of the last addendum to expir or be termin , at which time thi agreement will expir , unless thi agreement is sooner termin in accord with the term and provis of thi agreement . 2.0 definit 2.1 affili . “ affili ” of a person mean ani other person , directli or indirectli , through one or more intermediari , control , control by or under common control with such person or ani other person in which such person benefici own a major of the outstand capit stock , membership interest or partnership interest . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . st sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 2.2 agreement . “ agreement ” mean the written agreement between the parti as set forth in thi document and the attach addendum , exhibit , schedul and appendic and shall includ the term of such other document as are incorpor by express refer in thi document and the attach addendum , exhibit , schedul and appendic . all refer herein to thi agreement shall includ the build addendum and the mainten addendum and all attach , exhibit and schedul attach thereto , as amend from time to time . 2.3 attorney ’ s fee . “ attorney ’ s fee ” includ all reason outsid counsel fee and expens . 2.4 at & t competitor . “ at & t competitor ” mean [ ] . 2.5 at & t indemnifi parti . “ at & t indemnifi parti ” mean at & t and it affili , as well as their respect offic , director , employe , repres and agent , individu or collect , as the case may be , and all of their successor and assign . 2.6 cell site . “ cell site ” mean a wireless commun tower or other structur on which cell site equip is locat , and for purpos of thi agreement shall refer to at & t ’ s space on such structur and all of the at & t provid equip ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) and vendor provid equip ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) , includ all materi contempl herein or in the build addendum , togeth with all relat ground space and other properti and right ancillari thereto as set forth in the master licens agreement and the applic site licens for the vendor cell site or the applic tower leas for the third parti cell site . 2.7 chang manag plan . “ chang manag plan ” mean the process to accommod chang to the specif or work set forth in exhibit c attach hereto . 2.8 chang of control . “ chang of control ” mean ani contract or transact or seri of relat contract or transact ( regardless of form or structur ) that would directli result in the control of a person or it busi or asset chang from one person to anoth person ( alon or in combin with ani other third person ) . 2.9 chang order . “ chang order ” mean ani written request by ani parti hereto to make ani chang to the work , includ the servic , materi , deliveri date or complet date , specif or other term and condit of thi agreement , that is author and approv in write by the other parti in accord with the chang manag plan . 2.10 control . “ control ” ( includ the term “ control ” and “ control by ” ) of a person shall mean ( i ) hold fifti percent ( 50 ) or more ownership or benefici interest of incom and capit of such person; or ( ii ) have ownership of at least fifti percent ( 50 ) proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 of the vote power or vote equiti of such person; or ( iii ) regardless of the percentag ownership interest held , have the abil to appoint a major of the board of director , manag or other govern bodi of such person or otherwis direct manag polici of such person by contract or otherwis . 2.11 custom inform . “ custom inform ” includ , to the extent receiv , observ , collect , store , or access , in ani way , in connect with thi agreement : at & t ’ s or it affili ’ custom ’ name , address , and phone number , ani such custom ’ s or it employe ’ s person , health or financi inform , authent credenti , internet activ , histori , and/or pattern of use , inform concern account , network perform and usag inform , web brows and wireless applic inform , locat inform , ani other inform associ with a custom of at & t or it affili or with person in the household of a custom of at & t or it affili , and ani inform avail to at & t , it affili and/or the supplier and/or subcontractor of at & t or it affili ( for avoid of doubt , includ vendor ) by virtu of at & t ’ s or it affili ’ relationship with custom as a provid of mobil and non-mobil commun , internet , data , video , inform or other servic , includ the quantiti , technic configur , locat , type , destin , and amount of use of commun or other servic subscrib to , and inform contain on the bill of at & t ’ s or it affili ’ custom . 2.12 deliver . “ deliver ” mean ani and all deliver set forth in thi agreement , includ all deliver set forth in the build addendum and the mainten addendum , which are to be provid by vendor to at & t pursuant to the term of ani exhibit , schedul or appendix attach hereto or thereto . deliver includ , but are not limit to , ani cell site configur file , report , data , design , plan , specif , model , prototyp , perform requir , and/or document deliv pursuant to thi agreement . 2.13 deliveri or complet . “ deliveri ” or “ complet ” or ani similar term mean vendor ’ s oblig to provid materi and servic that strictli conform to the specif , includ , without limit , locat accept of the cell site describ in the build addendum . vendor complet deliveri of materi or complet of servic : ( i ) in the case of ani cell site ( and all materi and servic incorpor therein or relat thereto ) upon locat accept , and ( ii ) in the case of deliveri of materi or servic that are requir to be deliv prior to or follow locat accept , ( a ) upon at & t ’ s possess of the materi if vendor is not requir to provid addit servic , such as instal , ( b ) upon complet such addit servic , if vendor is requir to provid such servic in connect with provid materi , or ( c ) for servic , upon complet the provis of servic . notwithstand the abov , deliveri and complet shall not be deem to have occur until vendor caus the materi and servic to strictli conform to the specif and in the case of ani cell site , locat accept ha occur . 2.14 deliveri date or complet date . “ deliveri date ” or “ complet date ” mean the date on which the parti agre vendor is schedul in thi agreement or the build proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 addendum or mainten addendum or as such date may be extend due to an excus delay , as applic , to complet it deliveri of materi and complet of servic , as applic . 2.15 document . “ document ” mean all document includ with vendor ’ s purchas of vendor provid equip , includ user instruct , train materi and , if applic , the sourc code for softwar . 2.16 drug screen . “ drug screen ” mean the test of ani individu for the use of illicit drug ( includ opiat , cocain , cannabinoid , amphetamin , and phencyclidin ( pcp ) ) . 2.17 employ claim . “ employ claim ” mean ani claim by ani feder , state or local government agenc or ani of vendor ’ s current or former applic , agent , employe or subcontractor , or agent or employe of vendor ’ s subcontractor aris out of the employ relationship with vendor , or otherwis with respect to perform under thi agreement , includ claim , charg and action aris under titl vii of the civil right act of 1964 , as amend , the equal pay act , the age discrimin in employ act , as amend , the rehabilit act , the american with disabl act , as amend , the fair labor standard act , the famili and medic leav act , worker ’ compens law , the nation labor relat act and ani other applic law , includ ani liabil , caus of action , lawsuit , penalti , claim , demand or administr proceed in which at & t or it affili is name as or alleg to be an “ employ ” or “ joint employ ” with vendor as a result of thi agreement . 2.18 excus delay . “ excus delay ” mean a delay in vendor ’ s perform or oblig with respect to ani cell site past ani schedul deliveri date or complet date ( includ ani schedul complet date for a mileston , schedul complet date for locat accept or schedul phase complet date set forth in the build addendum ) that is caus by ani of the follow event : ( a ) a forc majeur event affect vendor ’ s perform with respect to such cell site , subject to section 3.12 ( b ) ; ( b ) a chang order that extend a complet date or deliveri date with respect to such cell site; ( c ) a permit delay affect such cell site , subject to the process set forth in section 3.3 ( b ) ; ( d ) at & t ’ s failur to deliv the at & t provid equip ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) within sixti ( 60 ) day prior to the applic phase complet date for such cell site; ( e ) ani materi defect , insuffici , error or defici in ani at & t provid equip or other item suppli by at & t under thi agreement; or ( f ) at & t ’ s failur to satisfi ani of the at & t task servic level agreement within the time period set forth on schedul 14 to the build addendum . upon the occurr of ani of the trigger event set forth in claus ( a ) through ( f ) caus a delay , such delay shall onli be an excus delay for the number of day that such trigger event wa in exist and the applic deliveri date or complet date shall be extend on a day-for-day basi for the length of such trigger event . 2.19 firstnet author . “ firstnet author ” or “ fna ” mean the first respond network author . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 2.20 inform . “ inform ” , with respect to a parti , mean all confidenti , proprietari or trade secret inform , includ discoveri , idea , concept , know-how , techniqu , process , procedur , design , specif , strateg inform , propos , request for propos , propos product , draw , blueprint , trace , diagram , model , sampl , flow chart , data , comput program , market plan , custom inform ( includ internet activ , histori , and/or pattern of use ) , employe person inform , health or financi inform , authent credenti , and other technic , financi or busi inform , whether disclos in write , oral , or visual , in tangibl or intang form , includ in electron mail or by other electron commun . 2.21 intellectu properti right . “ intellectu properti right ” mean all patent ( includ all reissu , divis , continu , and extens thereof ) and patent applic , trade name , trademark , servic mark , logo , trade dress , copyright , trade secret , mask work , right in technolog , know-how , right in content ( includ perform and synchron right ) , or other intellectu properti right that are in each case protect under the law of ani government author have jurisdict . 2.22 item . “ item ” mean ani or all invent , discoveri , idea ( whether patent or not ) , and all work and materi , includ but not limit to product , devic , comput program , sourc code , design , file , specif , text , draw , process , data or other inform or document in preliminari or final form , and all intellectu properti right in or to ani of the forego . 2.23 law . “ law ” includ all feder , state , provinci , region , territori and local law , statut , ordin , regul , rule , execut order , supervisori requir , direct , circular , opinion , interpret letter and other offici releas of or by ani government author . 2.24 liabil . “ liabil ” mean all loss , damag , expens , cost , penalti , fine and fee , includ litig expens , aris from or incur in connect with a claim or caus of action relat to perform or omiss of act under thi agreement , includ , but not limit to , claim or caus of action brought by third parti . 2.25 lien . “ lien ” mean ani mortgag , lien , pledg , secur interest , charg , claim , restrict or other encumbr of ani natur whatsoev . 2.26 litig expens . “ litig expens ” mean ani court file fee , court cost , arbitr fee , and each other fee and cost of investig or defend an indemnifi claim or assert ani claim for indemnif or defens under thi agreement , includ attorney ’ s fee , other profession ’ fee , and disburs . 2.27 loss . “ loss ” mean ani liabil , loss , claim , demand , suit , caus of action , settlement payment , cost , expens , interest , award , judgment , damag ( includ punit damag ) , fine , fee , penalti , and litig expens . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 2.28 materi . “ materi ” mean all unit of equip , apparatu , compon , tool , suppli , materi , structur , “ as built ” draw , contract right , intellectu properti right or document , includ third parti materi provid or furnish by vendor , that are contempl in thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum ( includ all schedul thereto ) , includ all such item that are use in connect with the build servic ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) provid hereund or sold or transfer to at & t in connect with the build addendum , includ all vendor provid equip set forth in the build addendum . materi shall be deem to includ all right to ani replac part , but shall not be deem to includ ani right to vendor ’ s transport network ( other than the right to receiv transport servic in accord with the term of the transport agreement ) or ani tower or other structur own or leas by vendor ( other than the right set forth in the master licens agreement and applic site licens for ani vendor cell site or ani tower leas for ani third parti cell site ) . 2.29 non-servic affect defect . “ non-servic affect defect ” mean ani incorrect or incomplet cell site ( or ani materi , servic or deliver relat thereto ) or defect or issu of or relat to a cell site that is not a servic affect defect . 2.30 oem . “ oem ” mean origin equip manufactur . 2.31 permit . “ permit ” mean all permit , licens , franchis , approv , author , registr , certif and varianc requir to be obtain from ani feder , state , local or foreign govern or polit subdivis thereof , or ani agenc or instrument of such govern or polit subdivis . 2.32 person . “ person ” mean an individu , corpor , limit liabil compani , partnership , trust , associ , joint ventur , unincorpor organ or entiti of ani kind or natur , or a government entiti or author . 2.33 physic entri . “ physic entri ” mean that an individu ( a ) is permit to bodili enter , on an unsupervis ( or badg ) basi , into secur area not avail to the gener public , or ( b ) is permit on a regular basi to have supervis or escort bodili access into secur area not avail to the gener public for more than thirti ( 30 ) day in the aggreg annual . 2.34 restrict entiti . “ restrict entiti ” mean [ ] . 2.35 servic affect defect . “ servic affect defect ” mean ani incorrect or incomplet construct or mainten by vendor of a cell site ( or ani materi , servic or deliver relat thereto ) that , if not promptli correct or complet , is reason like to ( i ) be a safeti hazard to person have access to a cell site , ( ii ) inhibit proper oper of a cell site or satisfact of the qualiti metric or specif and key perform indic set forth in thi agreement , or ( iii ) prevent subsequ work requir for “ on-air ” oper from take place . for the avoid of doubt , a servic affect defect shall not includ regular or routin failur of materi locat at a cell proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 site that are not a result of the construct or mainten of such cell site by vendor . 2.36 servic . “ servic ” mean all of the servic contempl in the build addendum and the mainten addendum ( and all schedul thereto ) . 2.37 softwar . “ softwar ” mean ani and all softwar ( irrespect of whether it is paid-for develop ) and firmwar in ani form ( includ sourc code and object code ) , as well as ani document , licens or otherwis provid by or on behalf of vendor . 2.38 specif . “ specif ” mean ( i ) all of the build out specif set forth in the build addendum ( and all schedul thereto , except as expressli waiv by at & t in write ) , ( ii ) all of the specif set forth in the mainten addendum ( and all schedul thereto ) with respect to the servic contempl therein , and ( iii ) all applic oem specif . 2.39 subcontractor . “ subcontractor ” mean ani person ( includ an agent ) suppli labor or materi to perform ani or all of vendor ’ s oblig under thi agreement , includ ani person at ani tier of subcontractor , and shall not be limit to those person with a direct relationship with vendor . 2.40 suspend a site , suspend or suspens . “ suspend a site ” , “ suspend ” or “ suspens ” mean vendor shall stop work on a cell site and not incur addit cost against the cell site and the complet date is suspend until at & t notifi vendor to resum work or at & t termin thi agreement with respect to such cell site . 2.41 system . “ system ” mean the hardwar , oper system and applic softwar , interfac , and databas that interact with softwar . 2.42 third parti loss . “ third parti loss ” mean ani loss or liabil result from or relat to a claim or caus of action assert by a third parti . 2.43 vendor indemnifi parti . “ vendor indemnifi parti ” mean vendor and it affili , as well as their respect offic , director , employe , repres and agent , individu or collect , as the case may be , and all of their successor and assign . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 2.44 vendor person . “ vendor person ” mean ani offic , director , employe , repres , agent , contractor or subcontractor of vendor and ani offic , director , employe , repres or agent of ani vendor contractor or subcontractor . 2.45 work . “ work ” mean all or ani portion , as the case may be , of the materi , deliver and servic that vendor is suppli pursuant to thi agreement , includ all materi , deliver , servic and other work contempl in the build addendum and mainten addendum ( and all schedul thereto ) . 2.46 write or written . “ write ” or “ written ” ( whether or not capit ) mean a tangibl document with an origin signatur or an electron transmiss of data pursuant to the electron data interchang ( “ edi ” ) section of thi agreement . 3.0 gener term 3.1 affili . an affili of at & t may transact busi under thi agreement . refer to “ at & t ” herein are deem to refer to ani person that qualifi as an affili of at & t under the definit set forth in section 2.1 when such affili transact busi with vendor under thi agreement; provid that at & t mobil llc shall be respons for ani and all oblig of ani such affili under thi agreement . 3.2 amend and waiver . the parti may not amend thi agreement except by a written agreement of the parti that identifi itself as an amend to thi agreement or by a chang order modifi the term or condit of thi agreement , which in either case is sign by both parti , or as otherwis expressli provid below in thi section . no waiver of ani right or condit is effect unless given in write and sign by the parti waiv such right or condit . no delay or omiss by either parti to exercis ani right or power it ha under thi agreement shall impair or be constru as a waiver of such right or power . a waiver by ani parti of ani breach , condit or coven shall not be constru to be a waiver of ani succeed breach or condit or of ani other coven . all waiver must be in write and sign by the parti waiv it right . 3.3 anticip and actual delay in deliveri and perform . ( a ) anticip delay . upon discoveri of inform indic that materi and/or servic will not be deliv by the schedul deliveri date or complet date ( includ ani schedul complet date for a mileston , schedul complet date for locat accept or schedul phase complet date set forth in the build addendum ) or other inform caus vendor to reason anticip a delay in it perform of it oblig beyond the schedul deliveri date or complet date ( collect , the “ delay inform ” ) , vendor shall promptli notifi at & t of such delay inform and the estim length of the anticip delay . if vendor desir to request an extens of the applic deliveri date or complet date implic by the delay inform , vendor may submit a chang request to at & t in accord with the chang manag plan . the parti shall cooper and work jointli in good faith toward resolv the delay deliveri or complet or adopt the request chang order . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( b ) permit delay . vendor shall time , dilig and continu pursu and use reason best effort to obtain as soon as possibl ani permit requir to be obtain in connect with or in order to perform the work and otherwis fulfil it oblig under thi agreement , the build addendum and/or the mainten addendum , includ without limit request assist from at & t as appropri . upon vendor ’ s reason request for at & t ’ s assist in obtain ani such permit , the parti agre to cooper in good faith to obtain such permit . to the extent that vendor ( x ) ha time notifi at & t of relat delay inform contempl in subsect ( a ) abov , ( y ) ha compli with thi section 3.3 ( b ) and ( z ) is nevertheless unabl to obtain or delay in obtain a requir permit which is reason like to result in vendor miss a deliveri date or complet date ( a “ permit delay ” ) , then the parti shall cooper in good faith to extend such deliveri date or complet date and such permit delay shall constitut an excus delay; provid , howev that if the parti can not agre on a new deliveri date or complet date or in the event of a permit delay prevent or delay vendor ’ s perform which at & t determin is reason like to caus a materi delay of the ultim deliveri date or complet date applic to a cell site , at & t may elect to , after consult with vendor and good faith discuss to negoti anoth resolut : ( i ) termin it oblig sole with respect to each cell site affect by or relat to such permit delay under thi agreement and exercis ani of the termin remedi set forth in the build addendum , without liabil to vendor; provid that at & t shall pay to vendor , an amount equal to the demonstr cost incur by vendor for ani work complet ( in accord with applic specif and requir ) to the extent such work is transfer to at & t as of the effect time of termin of the applic termin cell site , which amount shall not exceed [ ] ; or ( ii ) suspend thi agreement or ani part hereof for the durat of such permit delay ( as such period is reason determin by at & t ) sole with respect to ani cell site affect by or relat to such permit delay , obtain work elsewher ( includ at & t ’ s perform of the work itself ) , at at & t ’ s cost and expens ( which shall reduc the structur payment applic to such cell site by such amount , but in no event shall such reduct caus the structur payment to be less than an amount equal to the demonstr cost incur by vendor up to the date of suspens ) , and provid notic to vendor when at & t desir for vendor to resum it perform under thi agreement for the remain work at such cell site . ( c ) actual delay . except in the case of an excus delay and subject to ani applic cure period , in the event of ani actual delay reason attribut to vendor that caus vendor to miss a deliveri date or complet date , vendor will provid written notic to at & t and if the condit remain uncur after the expir of ani applic cure period set forth in thi agreement , the build addendum and/or the mainten addendum , at & t may exercis ani remedi avail to at & t under thi agreement , the build addendum and/or the mainten addendum , as applic . 3.4 anticorrupt law . vendor herebi repres and warrant that the employe , agent , consult , partner , offic , director , member or repres of vendor and it proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 subcontractor , if ani , perform servic or other activ under thi agreement ( each and ani of the forego individu , for the purpos of thi section , a “ vendor repres ” ) shall compli with the us foreign corrupt practic act and all applic anticorrupt law ( includ commerci briberi law ) . vendor repres shall not directli or indirectli pay , offer , give , promis to pay or author the payment of ani portion of the compens receiv in connect with thi agreement or ani other moni or other thing of valu in connect with it perform to a govern offici , as such term is defin below , to obtain or retain busi or secur ani improp advantag nor shall it permit such action by a third parti in connect with thi agreement . for purpos of thi section , “ govern offici ” mean : ( i ) an offic or employe of ani govern or ani depart , agenc , or instrument thereof , includ government-own or government-control commerci entities; ( ii ) an offic or employe of a public intern organization; ( iii ) ani person act in an offici capac for or on behalf of ani govern or depart , agenc , or instrument or public intern organization; ( iv ) ani polit parti or offici thereof; ( v ) ani candid for polit office; or ( vi ) ani other person at the suggest , request or direct or for the benefit of ani of the above-describ person . 3.5 assign and delegation; chang of control . ( a ) neither parti may assign , deleg , or otherwis transfer ani of it duti or oblig under thi agreement , voluntarili or involuntarili , without the prior written consent of the other parti ( which shall not be unreason withheld , condit or delay and which shall be sign by an author repres of the parti give such consent ) ; provid , howev , that without the consent of vendor , at & t may assign it right , or deleg it duti , or both , in whole or in part , to ani present or futur affili of at & t so long as at & t mobil llc shall remain liabl for such affili ’ s failur to satisfi it oblig hereund . ( b ) each parti may assign it right under the agreement , but ani assign of right will be void to the extent that ( i ) the assign purport to impos upon the non-assign parti addit cost or oblig or requir at & t to make payment to ani person other than vendor , ( ii ) the assign purport to preclud at & t from deal sole and directli with vendor in all matter pertain to thi agreement , includ with respect to payment of structur payment and mainten fee or ( iii ) the assigne is a restrict entiti . ( c ) subject to section 3.5 ( b ) , in the event that vendor , prior to locat accept at all cell site and without the prior written consent of at & t , consumm ( i ) ani sale , assign , transfer , licens , leas or convey of ani interest in ani cell site or ani of the materi or servic contempl in thi agreement or ( ii ) ani chang of control of vendor to a restrict entiti or to ani other person who , in at & t ’ s reason discret , lack the financi or oper resourc , skill or expertis to fulfil the oblig of vendor contempl by thi agreement , then at & t may termin thi agreement and exercis ani other remedi avail to at & t under thi agreement or at law or equiti , includ ani of it termin remedi set forth in the build addendum . if , follow locat accept of all cell site , vendor consumm ani chang of control of vendor to ani restrict entiti without the prior written consent of at & t , then at & t shall have the right , in it sole proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 discret , to ( x ) immedi termin the mainten addendum without further liabil or oblig ( other than payment of mainten fee for mainten servic perform prior to the date of such termin ) , but not thi agreement or the oblig to make the structur payment herein; and/or ( y ) prepay all of the remain structur payment at ani time in one lump sum payment without penalti , liabil or oblig ( includ ani “ make- whole ” oblig or close-out cost ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) ) . ( d ) ani assign , deleg or transfer for which consent is requir herebi and which is made without such consent given in write will be void . no assign by a parti will reliev such parti of it oblig under thi agreement . 3.6 complianc with law . vendor shall compli with all law applic to vendor ’ s perform under thi agreement , includ all work contempl herein and all materi , servic and deliver provid hereund , and at & t ’ s util of the cell site . vendor shall procur all approv , bond , certif , insur , inspect , licens , and permit that such law requir for the perform of thi agreement . vendor shall creat and maintain ani necessari record and provid ani certif , affidavit or other inform or document request or as otherwis requir by at & t : ( a ) to show complianc by vendor and it subcontractor with law , ( b ) to compli or otherwis establish at & t ’ s complianc with law or ( c ) to allow at & t to time respond to ani complaint , file , or other proceed . 3.7 conflict of interest . vendor repres and warrant that , to it knowledg , no offic , director , employe or agent of at & t ha been or will be employ , retain or paid a fee , or otherwis ha receiv or will receiv , ani person compens or consider , by or from vendor or ani of vendor ’ s offic , director , employe or agent in connect with the obtain , arrang or negoti of thi agreement or other document enter into or execut in connect with thi agreement . vendor shall not offer or give gratuiti in the form of gift , entertain , concess , or otherwis to at & t or it employe or repres ( s ) , or ani person relat by blood or marriag to such individu for the express or impli purpos of obtain or secur favor treatment with respect to thi agreement , or in the inspect or accept of the servic to be perform thereund . vendor shall not engag in ani conduct which will constitut or appear to constitut a conflict of interest between vendor ’ s respons to at & t under thi contract and vendor ’ s respons to ani person , busi , or other entiti with which vendor may have had ani deal . 3.8 construct and interpret ( a ) thi agreement ha been prepar jointli and ha been the subject of arm ’ s length and care negoti . each parti ha been given the opportun to independ review thi agreement with legal counsel and other consult , and each parti ha the requisit experi and sophist to understand , interpret and agre to the particular languag of it provis . accordingli , the draft of thi agreement is not to be attribut to either parti . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( b ) articl , section and paragraph head contain in thi agreement are for refer purpos onli and are not to affect the mean or interpret of thi agreement . the word “ includ ” in everi form mean to includ without limit by virtu of enumer and a deriv of a defin term shall have the mean appropri to the context of it use . whenev thi agreement refer to a consent or approv to be given by either parti , unless such consent is expressli requir to be given in write and sign by the parti give approv or consent , then such consent or approv is effect if given in an email from the individu identifi in section 3.26 or design by vendor as it project manag pursuant to section 18 of the build addendum . the parti agre that time is of the essenc with respect to at & t ’ s approv right pursuant to thi agreement and the build addendum and mainten addendum and vendor is reli on the timeli of such approv or consent as set forth herein in order to complet the servic . the use of singular word includ the plural and vice versa . 3.9 cumul remedi . the right and remedi of the parti set forth in thi agreement are not exclus of , but are cumul to , ani right or remedi now or subsequ exist at law , in equiti , by statut or otherwis , except in those case where thi agreement specifi that a particular remedi is sole or exclus , but neither parti may retain the benefit of inconsist remedi . no singl or partial exercis of ani right or remedi with respect to one breach of thi agreement preclud the simultan or subsequ exercis of ani other right or remedi with respect to the same or a differ breach . 3.10 deliveri , perform and accept ( a ) vendor acknowledg that at & t is respons for the deploy of the firstnet nationwid public safeti broadband network ( the “ npsbn ” ) in accord with the term of at & t ’ s agreement with the firstnet author and that at & t ha provid certain term of such agreement to vendor but ha not provid vendor with a copi of such agreement with the firstnet author . therefor , vendor understand gener that at & t ’ s busi requir prompt deliveri of materi and provis of servic by the specifi deliveri date . furthermor , the parti agre that date for deliveri of materi and servic are firm subject to ani excus delay , time is of the essenc , and , subject to ani excus delay , vendor will complet such deliveri in strict conform with the specif . ( b ) vendor shall perform or caus to be perform test suffici to ensur that all of the materi and deliver perform in accord with the specif , includ all of the cell site optim and test contempl by the build addendum . if test indic that ani of the cell site ( or ani of the materi or deliver relat thereto ) doe not conform to the specif , then vendor shall notifi at & t , in write , of such non- conform promptli follow vendor ’ s knowledg of such non- conform . at & t will advis vendor whether vendor should deliv the non-conform cell site or ani of the deliver or materi relat thereto . in the event at & t and vendor agre in a sign write to deliv non-conform cell site or ani of the deliver or materi relat thereto ( “ provision locat accept ” ) , vendor shall use all commerci reason effort promptli to cure ani such non- conform after provision locat accept of proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 the non-conform cell site; provid , howev , that if vendor ha not cure all such non- conform with respect to the cell site within nine ( 9 ) month follow provision locat accept ( or sixti ( 60 ) day if the non-conform is caus by the exist of a lien , and in each case subject to an excus delay ) , then at & t may elect in it sole discret , to complet ani outstand work , and recoup ani cost by an offset against the mainten fee due to vendor for all cell site . if such non-conform cell site ha not been cure within such nine ( 9 ) month cure period ( or 60-day cure period in the case of a lien ) , at & t shall have no further oblig to pay ani mainten fee to vendor with respect to such non-conform cell site until the non-conform ha been cure . provision locat accept of ani such non-conform cell site or receipt of ani of the deliver or materi relat thereto shall not constitut locat accept and shall not constitut a waiver of ani of at & t ’ s right , warranti , or remedi under thi agreement or elsewher , includ termin remedi under the build addendum . locat accept of ani such non-conform cell site shall not occur until all non-conform ha been cured; provid , that at & t shall begin make structur payment for such cell site upon provision locat accept in the same manner as if it were locat accept . ( c ) in no event shall locat accept be deem to occur absent a sign write from at & t prior to the date vendor complet it deliveri of all materi and servic in accord with the specif relat to the cell site as requir by the build addendum . ( d ) if at & t advis vendor of , or vendor becom awar of a landlord complaint , vendor shall , if necessari , promptli respond to the landlord complaint , shall commenc ani agre upon correct promptli , and shall dilig pursu the same until complet . ( e ) in addit to the provis set forth in thi section , at & t shall be abl to exercis ani or all remedi avail to it under the build addendum and mainten addendum . 3.11 entir agreement . except to the extent otherwis expressli referenc herein , includ the matter set forth in the transport agreement and the master licens agreement , thi agreement and all addendum , appendic , exhibit , attach , schedul and document incorpor herein by refer , constitut the final , complet , and exclus express of the parti ’ agreement on the matter contain in thi agreement . the term of thi agreement shall govern in lieu of all other pre-print , standard or other provis that may otherwis appear in ani other paper or electron record of either parti ( such as standard term on order or acknowledg form , advanc ship notic , invoic , time sheet , and packag , shrink wrap term , and click wrap term ) . except to the extent set forth in the transport agreement and the master licens agreement , all prior written and oral negoti and agreement , and all contemporan oral negoti and agreement , between the parti on the matter contain in thi agreement are expressli merg into and supersed by thi agreement . the parti do not intend that the provis of thi agreement be explain , supplement , or qualifi through evid of trade usag or ani prior cours of deal or ani cours of perform under ani prior agreement . in enter into thi agreement , neither parti ha reli upon ani statement , estim , forecast , project , represent , warranti , action or agreement of the other parti except for those expressli contain in thi agreement . there are no proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 condit preced to the effect of thi agreement other than ani such condit expressli state in thi agreement . 3.12 forc majeur ( a ) except for at & t ’ s oblig to make the structur payment and pay the mainten fee , a parti is excus from perform it oblig under thi agreement onli if , to the extent that , and for so long as such parti ’ s perform is actual prevent or delay by act of god or the public enemi , act of civil or militari author , terrorist act , embargo , epidem , war , riot , insurrect , fire , explos , earthquak , flood , and weather event that are beyond it reason control and could not have been prevent or avoid by it exercis of due dilig and such parti give written notic to the other parti , as soon as practic under the circumst , of the act or event that so prevent such parti from perform it oblig ( each , a “ forc majeur event ” ) . after vendor provid written notic to at & t of ani forc majeur event in accord with the preced sentenc , the parti shall extend the applic deliveri date or complet date for the length of such forc majeur event and , subject to subsect ( b ) below , such forc majeur event shall be an excus delay . ( b ) if vendor is the parti whose perform is prevent or delay by a forc majeur event and at & t determin that the forc majeur event is reason like to caus a materi delay of the ultim deliveri date or complet date for ani cell site , then at & t may elect to , after consult with vendor and good faith discuss to negoti anoth resolut : ( i ) termin it oblig with respect to each cell site affect by or relat to such forc majeur event under thi agreement and exercis ani of the termin remedi set forth in the build addendum , in each case without liabil to vendor; provid that at & t shall pay to vendor , an amount equal to demonstr cost incur by vendor for ani work complet ( in accord with applic specif and requir ) to the extent such work is transfer to and usabl by at & t as of the effect time of termin of the applic termin cell site , which amount shall not exceed [ ] ; or ( ii ) suspend thi agreement or ani part hereof for the durat of such forc majeur event sole with respect to ani cell site affect by or relat to such forc majeur event , obtain work elsewher ( includ at & t ’ s perform of the work itself ) , at at & t ’ s cost and expens ( which shall reduc the structur payment applic to such cell site by such amount , but in no event shall such reduct caus the structur payment to be less than an amount equal to the demonstr cost incur by vendor up to the date of suspens ) , and provid notic to vendor when at & t desir for vendor to resum it perform under thi agreement for the remain work at such cell site . 3.13 govern contract provis and flow down ( a ) to the extent that vendor ’ s perform is requir to compli with certain execut order ( includ e.o . 11246 and e.o . 13201 ) and statut ( includ section 503 of the proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 rehabilit act of 1973 , as amended; the vietnam era veteran ’ s readjust assist act of 1974; section 8116 of the defens appropri act for fiscal year 2010 ( pub . l. 111-118 ) ; and the job for veteran act ) pertain to govern contractor , vendor shall : ( i ) compli with such execut order and statut , and their implement regul , as amend from time to time; and ( ii ) fulfil the oblig of a contractor under the claus incorpor by thi section , in each case , to the extent that vendor ’ s servic are requir to compli with such rule and regul . ( b ) thi section incorpor the follow statut and rule : ( i ) “ affirm action for worker with disabl ” ( at 48 cfr §52.222-36 ) ; ( ii ) “ employ report on special disabl veteran , veteran of the vietnam era , and other elig veteran ” ( at 48 cfr §52.222-37 ) ; ( iii ) “ equal employ opportun ” ( at 48 cfr §52.222-26 ) ; ( iv ) “ equal employ opportun claus ” ( at 41 cfr §60-1.4 ( a ) ) ; ( v ) “ equal opportun for special disabl veteran and veteran of the vietnam era ” ( at 41 cfr §60- 250.5 ) ; ( vi ) “ equal opportun for disabl veteran , recent separ veteran , other protect veteran , and arm forc servic medal veteran ” ( at 41 cfr §60- 300.5 ) ; ( vii ) “ equal opportun for worker with disabl ” ( at 41 cfr §60-741.5 ) ; ( viii ) “ prohibit of segreg facil ” ( at 48 cfr §52.222-21 ) ; ( ix ) “ small busi subcontract plan ” ( at 48 cfr §52.219-9 ) ; ( x ) “ util of small busi concern ” ( at 48 cfr §52.219-8 ) ; ( xi ) “ whistleblow protect under the american recoveri and reinvest act of 2009 ” ( far 52.203-15 ) ; ( xii ) “ american recoveri and reinvest act - report requir ” ( far 52.204- 11 ) ; ( xiii ) “ gao/ig access ” ( far 52.212-5 ( d ) ( alt . ii ) , far 52.214-26 ( c ) ( alt . i ) , far 52.215- 2 ( d ) ( alt . i ) ) ; ( xiv ) “ davis-bacon act ” ( far 52.222-6 ) ; ( xv ) “ buy american act ” ( far 52.225-21 , far 52.225-22 , far 52.225-23 , & far 52.225-24 ) ; ( xvi ) “ whistleblow protect ” ( pub . l. no . 111-5 , section 1553 ) ; ( xvii ) “ award term — report and registr requir under section 1512 of the recoveri act ” ( 2 cfr §176.50 ) ; ( xviii ) “ gao/ig access ” ( pub . l. no . 111-5 , section 902 , 1514 and 1515 ) ; ( xix ) “ award term — wage rate requir under section 1606 of the recoveri act ” ( 2 cfr §176.190 ) ; and ( xx ) “ buy american requir ” ( 2 cfr §176.140 , 2 cfr §176.150 , 2 cfr §176.160 , & 2 cfr §176.170 ) . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( c ) vendor agre to compli with all govern flow down and contract claus to the extent applic to vendor ’ s perform as specif requir by that certain contract award to an affili of at & t by the firstnet author regard the firstnet nationwid public safeti broadband network ( the “ firstnet agreement ” ) and such govern flow down and contract claus that may be applic are attach to thi agreement as exhibit a , the term of which are herebi fulli incorpor into the agreement . 3.14 govern law . the law of the state of new york ( exclud ani law that direct the applic of anoth jurisdict ’ s law ) govern all matter aris out of or relat to thi agreement and all of the transact it contempl , includ it valid , interpret , construct , perform , and enforc . 3.15 indemn ( a ) except for cover loss that are exclus provid for in the section entitl “ infring , ” vendor shall indemnifi , hold harmless , and defend the at & t indemnifi parti , in accord with thi section , against ani third parti loss aris from , or in connect with , or result from , ( i ) ani default , violat , breach or nonperform by vendor or ani vendor person of vendor ’ s represent , warranti , coven and oblig under thi agreement , the build addendum or the mainten addendum , ( ii ) the deliver , materi or servic furnish by vendor or ani vendor person and the use , construct , mainten , oper or occup of ani cell site by vendor or ani vendor person , ( iii ) the neglig or will act or omiss of vendor and each vendor person with respect to thi agreement or ( iv ) employ claim . subject to at & t ’ s oblig to reimburs or indemnifi vendor as set forth in subsect ( c ) or ( d ) below , respect , vendor ’ s duti to indemnifi , hold harmless , and defend the at & t indemnifi parti against ani third parti loss extend to ani third parti loss that may be caus or alleg to be caus in part by the neglig of ani of the at & t indemnifi parti to the fullest extent that such indemnif is permit by applic law . ( b ) at & t shall promptli notifi vendor in write of ani claim , demand , suit , caus of action or legal proceed that may give rise to a claim against vendor for defens and indemnif under thi section 3.15. if at & t fail to give notic , vendor is still oblig to indemnifi , hold harmless and defend the at & t indemnifi parti , except that vendor is not liabl for ani litig expens that at & t incur befor the time when notic is given or for ani loss or liabil to the extent that vendor can show that such delay or failur to provid notic actual and materi prejud it in defend against such loss or liabil . ( c ) vendor shall conduct the defens ( employ one or more compet attorney from a nation recogn law firm ) , at vendor ’ s expens , against ani claim , demand , suit or caus of action within the scope of subsect ( a ) abov , whether or not litig is actual commenc or the alleg are meritori and , upon at & t ’ s request , keep at & t inform as to the progress of such defens . at it own option and expens , at & t may employ separ counsel , includ in- hous counsel , to conduct the at & t proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 indemnifi parti ’ defens against such a claim . at & t and vendor shall cooper in the defens of ani such claim . vendor may control the defens and settlement of such a claim , but if the settlement of a claim may have an advers effect on ani of the at & t indemnifi parti , then vendor shall not settl such claim without the consent of at & t , and at & t shall not unreason withhold , condit or delay it consent . to the extent that vendor pay ani part of a judgment , award or settlement with respect to the third parti loss and ani other expens relat to the resolut of the third parti loss , includ cost , interest , and attorney ’ fee , as a result of be self-insur ( includ ani deduct ) or as a result of insur coverag be insuffici to cover the amount of the judgment , award or settlement , upon final resolut of the claim , demand , suit or caus of action , at & t shall reimburs vendor for the pro-rata portion of ani such payment base on the at & t indemnifi parti ’ fault rel to vendor ’ s fault . ( d ) in addit to at & t ’ s oblig to reimburs vendor as set forth in subsect ( c ) abov , at & t shall indemnifi , hold harmless and defend the vendor indemnifi parti against ani third parti loss aris sole from or in connect with , result sole from , or relat sole to ( i ) the at & t provid equip furnish by at & t or ( ii ) the neglig or intent wrong act or omiss of ani of the at & t indemnifi parti under thi agreement; in each case in the same manner as set forth in subsect ( b ) and in the first four sentenc of subsect ( c ) , with the appropri chang have been made . ( e ) subject to at & t ’ s oblig to reimburs or indemnifi vendor as set forth in subsect ( c ) and ( d ) abov , respect , vendor shall bring no claim or action for indemnif , contribut , or subrog against ani of the at & t indemnifi parti nor shall vendor implead ani of them in ani action brought by anoth , base on injuri to the person or death aris out or relat to vendor ’ s perform under thi agreement . if , through ani such action , vendor ever acquir a lien on a judgment against ani of the at & t indemnifi parti , then vendor shall assign such lien to at & t . vendor waiv ani immun from indemnif ( onli with respect to the at & t indemnifi parti ) that vendor may hold , by virtu of vendor ’ s complianc with it worker ’ compens oblig in ani jurisdict , even if such immun aris under the constitut or statut of such jurisdict . ( f ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi section , the parti intend that ani amount for which ani of the at & t indemnifi parti might otherwis have an oblig of reimburs to vendor for it pro-rata portion pursuant to thi section will be net of ani insur proce or other amount paid by vendor ’ s insur compani ( “ insur proce ” ) that actual reduc the amount that vendor is requir to pay on account of a third parti loss . accordingli , the amount with respect to which at & t is requir to reimburs vendor it pro-rata portion will be reduc by ani insur proce theretofor actual paid on behalf of vendor in respect of the relat third parti loss . if vendor receiv a reimburs requir by thi section from at & t in respect of the at & t indemnifi parti ’ pro-rata share proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 of the amount of ani third parti loss and subsequ receiv insur proce or the benefit of ani payment made for vendor or on it behalf by ani insur compani or other entiti with respect to such third parti loss , then vendor will pay to at & t , within fifteen ( 15 ) day after such receipt of insur proce or benefit of ani payment , an amount equal to the excess of the reimburs that vendor receiv from at & t over the amount of the reimburs that would have been due under thi section from at & t if the insur proce had been receiv , realiz or recov befor the reimburs wa made by at & t . an insur that would otherwis be oblig to pay ani amount as a result of a third parti loss shall not be reliev of the respons with respect thereto or , by virtu of the indemnif or reimburs provis hereof , have ani subrog right with respect thereto , it be expressli understood and agre that no insur or ani other third parti shall be entitl to a “ wind-fal ” ( i.e. , a benefit they would not be entitl to receiv in the absenc of the indemnif provis ) by virtu of the indemnif or reimburs provis hereof . vendor shall have a good faith oblig to seek , and at & t shall provid it reason cooper to vendor in it effort , to collect or recov ani insur proce that may in ani way be avail to reduc the amount of ani third parti loss . 3.16 inform ( a ) in connect with thi agreement , includ vendor ’ s perform of it oblig hereund and at & t ’ s receipt of work , either parti may find it benefici to disclos to the other parti ( which may includ permit or enabl the other parti ’ s access to ) certain of it inform . for the purpos of thi claus , at & t ’ s disclosur of inform to vendor includ ani inform that vendor receiv , observ , collect , store , or access , in ani way , in connect with thi agreement and all such inform disclos by at & t hereund shall be and shall remain the sole and exclus properti of at & t . inform of a disclos parti shall be deem to be confidenti or proprietari onli if it is clearli mark or otherwis identifi by the disclos parti as be confidenti or proprietari , provid that if it is oral or visual disclos ( includ inform convey to an answer machin , voic mail box or similar medium ) , the disclos parti shall design it as confidenti or proprietari at the time of such disclosur , howev , failur to do so shall not prevent such inform from receiv the protect afford to it in thi section 3.16. notwithstand the forego , a disclos parti shall not have ani such oblig to so mark or identifi , or to so design , inform that the disclos parti disclos to or is otherwis obtain by the other parti ’ s employe , contractor , or repres ( i ) who are locat on the disclos parti ’ s premises; ( ii ) who access the disclos parti ’ s systems; or ( iii ) who otherwis obtain at & t inform and/or at & t custom inform in connect with thi agreement; ani such inform so disclos shall automat be deem to be confidenti and proprietari . addit , the failur to mark or design inform as be confidenti or proprietari will not waiv the confidenti where it is reason obviou , under the circumst surround disclosur , that the inform is confidenti or proprietary; ani such inform so disclos or obtain shall automat be deem to be confidenti and proprietari . for greater certainti , inform provid by either parti to the other parti prior to the effect date of thi agreement in connect with a separ proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 non-disclosur agreement ( howsoev denomin ) is also subject to the term of thi agreement . neither parti shall disclos inform under thi agreement that includ , in ani form , ani of the follow : custom or employe person inform , credit card and credit relat inform , health or financi inform , and/or authent credenti , without the express consent of the disclos parti , which consent shall be in write and sign by the disclos parti . ( b ) with respect to the inform of the disclos parti , the receiv parti shall : ( i ) hold all such inform in confid with the same degre of care with which it protect it own confidenti or proprietari inform , but with no less than reason prudent care; ( ii ) restrict disclosur of such inform sole to it and it affili ’ employe , contractor , director , advisor , financ sourc and agent with a need to know such inform , advis such person of their confidenti oblig with respect thereto , and ensur that such person are bound by oblig of confidenti reason compar to those impos in thi agreement; ( iii ) use such inform onli as need to perform it oblig ( and , if at & t is the receiv parti , to receiv the benefit of the work provid ) under thi agreement; ( iv ) except as necessari under the immedi preced subsect ( iii ) , not copi , distribut , or otherwis use ani such inform or allow anyon els to copi , distribut , or otherwis use such information; and ensur that ani and all copi bear the same notic or legend , if ani , as the originals; and ( v ) upon the disclos parti ’ s request , promptli return , or destroy all or ani request portion of the inform , includ tangibl and electron copi , note , summari , extract , mail or other commun , and provid written certif within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day to the disclos parti that such inform ha been return or destroyed; provid , howev , that ( i ) the receiv parti may retain copi of such document and other tangibl embodi of inform as requir by applic law to which the receiv parti is subject and ( ii ) the receiv parti shall have no oblig to destroy or delet electron copi of , or materi contain , inform that are automat gener through data backup and/or archiv system and that are not readili access by the receiv parti ’ s busi personnel . notwithstand the expir or termin of thi agreement or ani return or destruct of inform , all inform , includ without limit that as may be retain in accord with the above-referenc except , will continu to be subject to the provis of thi section 3.16 for so long as such inform remain in the custodi or control of the receiv parti . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( c ) except for custom inform , neither parti shall have ani oblig to the other parti with respect to inform which : ( i ) at the time of disclosur wa alreadi known to the receiv parti free of ani oblig to keep it confidenti ( as evidenc by the receiv parti ’ s written record prepar prior to such disclosur ) ; ( ii ) is or becom publicli known through no wrong act of the receiv parti ( such oblig ceas at the time such inform becom publicli known ) ; ( iii ) is law receiv from a third parti , free of ani oblig to keep it confidential; ( iv ) is independ develop by the receiv parti or a third parti , as evidenc by the receiv parti ’ s written record , and where such develop occur without ani direct or indirect use of or access to the inform receiv from the disclos parti , or ( v ) the disclos parti consent in write to be free of restrict . ( d ) if a receiv parti is requir to provid inform of a disclos parti to ani court or govern agenc pursuant to a written court order , subpoena , regulatori demand , request under the nation labor relat act ( an “ nlra request ” ) , or process of law , the receiv parti must , unless prohibit by applic law , first provid the disclos parti with prompt written notic of such requir and reason cooper to the disclos parti should it seek protect arrang for the product of such inform . the receiv parti will ( i ) take reason step to limit ani such provis of inform to the specif inform requir by such court or agenc , and ( ii ) continu to otherwis protect all inform disclos in respons to such order , subpoena , regul , nlra request , or process of law . ( e ) a receiv parti ’ s oblig with respect to ani particular inform of a disclos parti shall remain in effect and surviv the expir or termin of thi agreement for a period of five ( 5 ) year thereaft . notwithstand anyth to the contrari herein , custom inform and trade secret shall remain confidenti indefinit and shall never be disclos or use without the prior written approv of an author repres of at & t . ( f ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement ( includ in thi section ) , vendor understand and acknowledg that vendor inform relat to instal , oper , repair , or mainten shall not be consid confidenti or proprietari , and at & t may disclos ani such inform for purpos of instal , oper , repair , replac , remov , and maintain the materi . ( g ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi agreement ( includ in thi section ) , at & t may disclos the exist of thi agreement and the firstnet-rel term contain herein and high level confidenti inform ( exclud fee and specif term and condit ) to relev employe of the firstnet author and ani state , counti , citi , or proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 other local in which the cell site that are to be built in accord with thi agreement and the build addendum will be locat . 3.17 infring ( a ) definit . for purpos of thi section : ( i ) “ infring loss ” shall mean ani liabil , loss , claim , demand , suit , caus of action , settlement payment , cost , expens , interest , award , judgment , damag ( includ punit and exemplari damag and increas damag for will infring ) , lien , fine , fee , penalti , and litig expens . ( ii ) “ provid element ” shall mean ani materi , servic or deliver or other product , hardwar , softwar , interfac , system , content , servic , process , method , document , materi , data or inform , or ani function therein , provid to ani at & t indemnifi parti by or on behalf of vendor ( includ by ani of vendor ’ s subcontractor or distributor or ani vendor person ) pursuant to thi agreement ( includ under ani addendum , order , statement of work , exhibit , schedul or other document under , subordin to , or referenc thi agreement ) ; provid , howev , that provid element shall not includ ani at & t provid equip . ( b ) oblig . ( i ) vendor shall indemnifi , hold harmless , and defend ( which shall includ cooper with at & t as set forth below in the defens of ) each of the at & t indemnifi parti against ani infring loss or other liabil result from , aris out of or relat to ani alleg , threat , demand , claim or lawsuit brought by ani third parti ( “ cover claim ” ) , regardless of whether such cover claim is meritori , of : 1. infring ( includ direct , contributori and induc infring ) of ani patent , copyright , trademark , servic mark , or other intellectu properti right in connect with the provid element , includ ani cover claim of infring base on : a. make , repair , receipt , use , import , sale or dispos ( and offer to do ani of the forego ) of provid element ( or have other do ani of the forego , in whole or in part , on behalf of or at the direct of the at & t indemnifi parti ) , or b. use of provid element in combin with product , hardwar , softwar , interfac , system , content , servic , process , method , document , materi , data or inform not furnish by vendor , includ use in the form of the make , have made or use of an apparatu or system , or the make or practic of a process or method unless the function perform by the provid element in such combin is of a type that is neither normal nor reason anticip for such provid element ( a “ combin claim ” ) ; proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 2. misappropri of ani trade secret , proprietari or non-publ inform in connect with the provid elements; ani and all such infring loss or other liabil referenc in thi subsect ( b ) ( i ) be hereinaft refer to as a “ cover loss. ” ( ii ) insofar as vendor ’ s oblig under subsect ( b ) ( i ) result from , aris out of , or relat to a cover claim that is a combin claim , vendor shall be liabl to pay onli it proportion share of the cover loss associ with such combin claim . the “ proportion share ” payabl by vendor shall be a portion of the cover loss determin , not at at & t ’ s sole discret , but rather on an object fair and equit basi ( take into account the relev fact and circumst and use the same standard that would be appli by a court or other neutral adjud under applic law ) to be attribut to vendor base on the rel materi of the role play by the applic provid element in the combin claim . if vendor believ at & t ’ s assess of vendor ’ s proportion share is not fair and equit , then vendor ’ s proportion share shall be determin , insofar as possibl , through good faith negoti between the parties; provid , howev , that a failur of the parti to agre on vendor ’ s proportion share shall not reliev vendor of it oblig to pay it proportion share under thi section . vendor shall make payment in satisfact of it proportion share oblig whenev such payment becom due . in no event shall vendor be liabl , with regard to a combin claim , for more than it proportion share . if the parti can not mutual agre on vendor ’ s proportion share within sixti ( 60 ) day of at & t ’ s provid vendor with at & t ’ s assess of vendor ’ s proportion share , either parti may notifi the other parti that a disput ha occur , at which point the parti shall follow the disput resolut procedur set forth in section 4.8 ( “ disput resolut ” ) , provid that in prepar for the escal set forth in section 4.8 ( a ) , vendor shall notifi at & t in write of the percentag which vendor believ , in good faith , constitut vendor ’ s proportion share ( “ vendor ’ s minimum share ” ) . if arbitr is invok under section 4.8 ( b ) , all arbitr shall be qualifi by educ , train , and experi in both the intellectu properti law ( e.g. , patent law ) and the technolog relev to ani disput under thi section . throughout the cours of attempt to resolv the disput , vendor shall continu to pay vendor ’ s minimum share to at & t as such payment becom due . when vendor ’ s proportion share is final determin ( either through escal or arbitr , as the case may be ) ( “ determin proportion share ” ) , there shall be a true-up and vendor shall promptli pay to at & t the aggreg amount of past underpay ( i.e. , the differ between moni previous due comput at the determin proportion share , minu those amount that vendor had actual paid to at & t ) , if ani . thereaft , vendor shall promptli pay it determin proportion share . ( in the event that the determin proportion share is less than the vendor ’ s minimum share , at & t shall refund to vendor ani past overpay . ) in no event shall at & t ’ s accept of payment comput at vendor ’ s minimum share prejudic or waiv ani of at & t ’ s right under thi agreement . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( iii ) at & t shall have sole control over the defens of ( 1 ) ani combin claim and ( 2 ) ani other cover claim that involv vendor and one or more other supplier of at & t or it affili ( ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) be hereinaft refer to separ and collect as a “ compound claim ” ) . vendor shall cooper with at & t to facilit the defens and may , at it option and at it own expens , particip with at & t in the defens with counsel of it own choos . where at & t control the defens under thi subsect ( b ) ( iii ) , at & t shall make good faith effort to enter into a reason joint defens or common interest agreement with vendor . ( iv ) insofar as vendor ’ s oblig under subsect ( b ) ( i ) result from , aris out of , or relat to a cover claim other than a compound claim , vendor shall have the discret , but not the oblig , to control the defens of the cover claim . in the event that vendor control the defens of the cover claim , vendor shall retain as it lead counsel , subject to at & t ’ s approv ( which shall not be withheld , condit or delay except for reason of appar or actual conflict of interest ) , one or more compet attorney from a nation recogn law firm who have signific experi in litig intellectu properti claim of the type at issu , and the at & t indemnifi parti may , at their option and sole expens , particip with vendor in the defens of such cover claim . ( v ) at & t shall notifi vendor promptli of ani cover claim; provid , howev , that ani delay in such notic shall not reliev vendor of it oblig under thi section , except insofar as vendor can show that such delay actual and materi prejud vendor . ( vi ) in no event shall vendor settl , without at & t ’ s prior written consent , ani cover claim , in whole or in part , in a manner that would requir ani at & t indemnifi parti to discontinu or materi modifi it product or servic ( or offer thereof ) . in no event shall vendor enter into ani agreement relat to ani cover claim or to the intellectu properti right assert therein that discharg or mitig vendor ’ s liabil to the third-parti claimant but fail to fulli discharg all of at & t ’ s liabil as to the cover loss . ( c ) continu use of provid element upon injunct . without in ani manner limit the forego indemnif , if , as a result of a cover claim , ( i ) the at & t indemnifi parti ’ right under thi agreement are restrict or diminish , or ( ii ) an injunct , exclus order , or other order from a court , arbitr or other compet tribun or government author prevent or restrict the at & t indemnifi parti ’ use or enjoy of the provid element is issu , immin , or reason like to be issu , then , in addit to it other oblig set forth in thi section , vendor , in ani case at it sole expens ( or , in the case of a combin claim , at it fairli and equit apport expens ) and at no loss , cost or damag to the at & t indemnifi parti or their custom , shall use commerci reason effort to obtain for the at & t indemnifi parti the right to continu use or conduct other activ with respect to the provid element ( or , in the case of a combin claim , shall use commerci reason effort , in cooper as reason need with other interest parti , to obtain for the at & t indemnifi parti the right to continu use or conduct other activ with respect to the provid element in the combin at issu ) ; provid that if vendor is unabl to obtain such right , then vendor proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 shall , after consult with and obtain the written approv of the at & t indemnifi parti , provid modifi or replac non-infring provid element that are ( or , in the case of a combin claim , shall use commerci reason effort , in cooper as reason need with other interest parti , to provid a modifi or replac non- infring combin , with the provid element be modifi or replac as need therein , that is ) equal suitabl and function equival while retain the qualiti of the origin provid element and compli fulli with all the represent and warranti set forth in thi agreement and all specifications; provid further that if vendor is unabl in thi way to provid such modifi or replac non-infring provid element , then at & t shall have the right , at it option and without prejudic to ani other right or remedi that at & t ha in contract , law or equiti : ( 1 ) to exercis ani of the termin remedi set forth in the build addendum and to termin at & t ’ s oblig under thi agreement with respect to the impact cell site and receiv a reduct in the mainten fee with respect to such cell site ( s ) , and/or ( 2 ) to requir vendor , as applic , to remov , accept return of , or discontinu the provis of the provid element , to refund to at & t the purchas price thereof or other moni paid therefor ( subject , in the case of provid element other than servic , to reduct base on the amount of depreci or amort over the use life of the provid element at issu ) , and to reimburs at & t for ani and all reason out-of- pocket expens of remov , return or discontinu such provid element . ( d ) elimin of charg . after at & t ceas , as a result of actual or claim infring or misappropri , to exercis the right grant under thi agreement with respect to the provid element , at & t ha no oblig to pay vendor ani structur payment or mainten fee that would otherwis be due under thi agreement for such right . ( e ) except . vendor shall have no liabil or oblig to ani of the at & t indemnifi parti for that portion of a cover loss which is base on ( and onli to the extent such portion is base on ) : ( i ) use of the provid element by the at & t indemnifi parti in a manner that constitut a materi breach of thi agreement; or ( ii ) an unauthor modif of the provid element by an at & t indemnifi party; or ( iii ) vendor ’ s conform to the at & t indemnifi parti ’ s written specif , unless ani one or more of the follow is true : 1. there wa a technic feasibl non-infring mean of compli with those specif , unless vendor can show that , at the time of such complianc , such non- infring mean would have been cost-prohibit ( whether on an individu cell site basi , or across multipl cell site as set forth in the build addendum ) ; or 2. the relev specif are design to bring the provid element into complianc with , or have the provid element conform to , an industri standard , which standard is promulg by a gener recogn industri standards-set bodi and which standard is not requir for complianc with an applic law , ordin , regul , proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 or build code govern the manner in which cell site may law be constructed; or 3. product , servic , or other item that substanti meet such written specif , and that in other respect are substanti similar to the provid element are typic provid by or on behalf of vendor to third parti in connect with servic substanti similar to those provid herein; or 4. the relev specif for the provid element are of vendor ’ s ( or one or more of it sub- supplier ’ ) origin , design , or select . ( f ) other limit of liabil not applic . notwithstand ani other provis in thi agreement to the contrari ( and whether or not such a provis contain languag to the effect that the provis take preced over other provis contrari to it ) , whether express or impli , none of the limit of liabil ( includ ani limit regard type of or amount of damag or liabil ) contain anywher in thi agreement will appli to vendor ’ s oblig under thi section . 3.18 insur ( a ) with respect to vendor ’ s perform under thi agreement , and in addit to vendor ’ s oblig to indemnifi , vendor shall at it sole cost and expens : ( i ) maintain the insur coverag and limit requir by thi section and ani addit insur and/or bond requir by law : 1. at all time dure the term of thi agreement and until complet of all work associ with thi agreement , whichev is later; and 2. with respect to ani coverag maintain in a “ claims-mad ” polici , for two ( 2 ) year follow the term of thi agreement or complet of all work associ with thi agreement , whichev is later . if a “ claims-mad ” polici is maintain , the retroact date must preced the commenc of work under thi agreement; ( ii ) requir each subcontractor who may perform work under thi agreement or enter upon ani cell site to maintain coverag , requir , and limit at least as broad as those list in thi section , when prorat for the valu of the work to be perform by such subcontractor from the time when the subcontractor begin work , throughout the term of the subcontractor ’ s work and , with respect to ani coverag maintain on a “ claim made ” polici , if ani , for two ( 2 ) year thereafter; ( iii ) procur the requir insur from an insur compani elig to do busi in the state or state where work will be perform and have and maintain a financi strength rate of “ a- ” or better and a financi size categori of “ vii ” or better , as rate in the a.m. best key rate guid for properti and casualti insur compani , except that , in the case of worker ’ compens insur , vendor may procur insur from the state fund of the state where work is to be performed; and proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( iv ) if request , provid to at & t or at & t ’ s third parti administr certif of insur state the type of insur and polici limit . vendor shall provid or have the issu insur compani provid at least thirti ( 30 ) day ’ advanc written notic of cancel , non-renew , or reduct in insur coverag , term , or limit . ( b ) the parti agre that : ( i ) the failur of at & t to request such certif of insur or failur of at & t to identifi a defici will not be constru as a waiver of vendor ’ s oblig to maintain the insur requir under thi agreement; ( ii ) the insur requir under thi agreement doe not repres that coverag and limit will necessarili be adequ to protect vendor , nor shall it be deem as a limit on vendor ’ s liabil to at & t in thi agreement; ( iii ) vendor may meet the requir insur coverag and limit below with ani combin of primari and umbrella/excess liabil insurance; and ( iv ) vendor is respons for ani deduct or self-insur retent . ( c ) the insur coverag requir by thi section includ : ( i ) worker ’ compens insur with benefit afford under the law of ani state in which the work is to be perform and employ liabil insur with limit of at least : 500,000 for bodili injuri – each accid 500,000 for bodili injuri by diseas – polici limit 500,000 for bodili injuri by diseas – each employe to the fullest extent allow by law , the polici must includ a waiver of subrog in favor of at & t , it affili , and their director , offic and employe . in state where worker ’ compens insur is a monopolist state-run system , vendor shall add stop gap employ liabil with limit not less than 500,000 each accid or diseas . ( ii ) commerci gener liabil insur written on insur servic offic ( iso ) form cg 00 01 12 04 or a substitut form provid equival coverag , cover liabil aris from premis , oper , person injuri , products/complet oper , and liabil assum under an insur contract ( includ the tort liabil of anoth assum in a busi contract ) with limit of at least : 2,000,000 gener aggreg limit 1,000,000 each occurr limit for all bodili injuri or properti damag incur in ani one ( 1 ) occurr 1,000,000 each occurr limit for person injuri and advertis injuri proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 1,000,000 each occurr limit for products/complet oper if applic , vendor will maintain products/complet oper for at least two ( 2 ) year follow complet of the work . the commerci gener liabil insur polici must : 1. includ at & t , it affili , and their director , offic , and employe as addit insur . vendor shall provid a copi of the addit insur endors to at & t . the addit insur endors may either be specif to at & t or may be “ blanket ” or “ automat ” address ani person as requir by contract . a copi of the addit insur endors must be provid within sixti ( 60 ) day of execut of thi agreement and within sixti ( 60 ) day of each commerci gener liabil polici renewal; 2. includ a waiver of subrog in favor of at & t , it affili , and their director , offic and employees; and 3. be primari and non-contributori with respect to ani insur or self-insur that is maintain by at & t . ( iii ) properti insur with limit suffici to cover the full replac cost of all of the cell site against direct and indirect loss or damag by fire and all other casualti and risk cover under “ all risk ” insur respect the tower and other improv locat at the cell site ( s ) . ( iv ) busi automobil liabil insur if vehicl will be use in the perform of the agreement with limit of at least 1,000,000 each accid for bodili injuri and properti damag , extend to all own , hire , and non-own vehicl . at & t , it affili and their director , offic and employe shall be includ as addit insur on a primari and non-contributori basi . ( v ) umbrella/excess liabil insur with limit of at least 10,000,000 each occurr , claim or wrong act with term and condit at least as broad as the underli commerci gener liabil , busi automobil liabil , and employ liabil polici . umbrella/excess liabil limit will be primari and non-contributori with respect to ani insur or self-insur that is maintain by at & t . ( vi ) profession liabil ( error & omiss ) insur with limit of at least 5,000,000 each claim or wrong act . ( vii ) explos , collaps , and underground damag liabil must not be exclud from the commerci gener liabil polici for ani work involv explos or ani underground work . explos , collaps , and underground damag liabil will have the same limit requir as the commerci gener liabil polici . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( viii ) to the extent that vendor util drone , aircraft liabil insur cover drone and similar devic , with limit of one million and no/100 dollar ( 1,000,000.00 ) combin singl limit for bodili injuri and properti damag and provid coverag on a worldwid basi and includ commerci use and hire oper . 3.19 invoic and payment ( a ) promptli after locat accept , vendor will render an invoic in duplic to at & t with respect to the applic cell site . such invoic for such cell site shall be consist with the at & t purchas order and detail the materi , deliver and servic provid for such cell site . the vendor invoic must specifi in detail , if applic , ( i ) quantiti of each item of materi , deliver , and servic , ( ii ) price of each item of materi , deliver , and servic , ( iii ) whether the item is taxabl and the amount of tax per item , ( iv ) total amount for each item , ( v ) total amount of applic sale or use tax , ( vi ) discount , if ani , ( vii ) ship charg , if ani , ( viii ) total amount due , ( ix ) remit to address , ( x ) descript of materi , deliver , and servic , and ( xi ) special servic charg , if ani . each invoic shall specif refer that the invoic will be paid in accord with the term set forth in thi agreement and all payment for amount due on such invoic for materi , deliver , and servic provid under the build addendum will be made in accord with the structur payment schedul attach as schedul 3 to the build addendum . at & t will promptli review such invoic and , unless at & t disput in good faith the amount set forth therein , will promptli acknowledg that the structur payment set forth therein is due in accord with the term of thi agreement and the build addendum . in the event that at & t disput in good faith ani amount set forth in ani such invoic , at & t shall give written notic of such disput amount to vendor prior to the due date of the first structur payment set forth in such invoic . vendor will provid a payment request to at & t on a monthli basi on the first day of each calendar month for the structur payment set forth in the build addendum and the mainten fee set forth in the mainten addendum , in each case as provid in the respect addendum . at & t shall pay vendor no later than sixti ( 60 ) day after receipt of such monthli payment request for structur payment . at & t shall pay , or provid a written notic of ani good faith disput to , vendor no later than nineti ( 90 ) day after receipt of an invoic for mainten fee . ani disput of an invoic for mainten fee shall be made by at & t in good faith and shall set forth in write a detail descript of the disput amount and the reason for such disput . notwithstand ani good faith disput , at & t shall pay all undisput amount in full to vendor no later than the due date for such invoic . invoic receiv by at & t more than one ( 1 ) year after the deliveri of materi and deliver or the provis of servic are untim and at & t ha no oblig to pay such invoic . ( b ) vendor shall pay ani amount due to at & t or it affili within sixti ( 60 ) day after written demand or invoic by at & t . ( c ) vendor agre to accept standard , commerci method of payment and evid of payment oblig , includ , but not limit to , credit card payment , purchas card payment , at & t ’ s purchas order , and electron fund transfer , in connect with ani amount owe by at & t hereund . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 3.20 licens and patent . except as provid in section 3.29 , no licens , express or impli , is grant under thi agreement to vendor for ani patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or ani other intellectu properti or applic therefor which is now or may hereaft be own by at & t or it affili . 3.21 limit of damag . notwithstand anyth contain in thi agreement to the contrari , neither parti shall be liabl to the other parti for ani special , consequenti , incident or punit damag , howev caus , base on ani theori of liabil except to the extent such damag are payabl by such parti ( a ) pursuant to it indemnif oblig under section 3.15 and infring indemnif oblig under section 3.17 , ( b ) aris out of or result from such parti ’ s breach of it confidenti oblig set forth in thi agreement ( includ section 3.16 , section 3.48 , section 4.2 and exhibit a attach hereto ) or ( c ) in connect with a third parti loss aris out of or result from such parti ’ s violat of applic law . 3.22 offset right . ani amount payabl ( includ ani recoup claim or other amount to be reimburs ) by vendor or it affili to at & t or it affili under thi agreement ( includ under the build addendum or the mainten addendum ) may be offset against the mainten fee or ani payment due or to becom due to vendor or it affili from at & t or it affili under the transport agreement , master licens agreement; provid , howev , that at & t ’ s offset right under thi section 3.22 shall not appli to ani structur payment for ani cell site that ha reach locat accept and at & t herebi waiv all such right of setoff and recoup against such structur payment . prior to exercis it right to offset amount pursuant to thi section 3.22 , at & t shall provid written notic to vendor of it intent to offset such amount and to the extent ani disput between the parti exist in respect of the amount to be offset , at & t must first util the escal procedur in section 4.8 ( a ) . 3.23 materi and servic furnish by vendor and at & t . vendor shall furnish all servic , includ individu to provid field and administr support , and vendor shall furnish all materi requir to perform the work , except those item specif list in thi agreement , the build addendum or the mainten addendum to be furnish by at & t . ani materi provid by at & t shall remain at & t ’ s materi and shall be use onli in connect with work under thi agreement . vendor shall protect and preserv at & t ’ s materi and shall promptli return at the end of contract work , at vendor ’ s expens , ani materi not use , unless at & t instruct vendor otherwis in write . at & t shall receiv full titl and ownership right to all materi furnish by vendor relat to ani cell site upon locat accept of such cell site . 3.24 non-exclus market . other than with respect to the cell site expressli contempl in the build addendum , thi agreement doe not grant vendor ani right or privileg to provid to at & t ani work of the type describ in or purchas under thi agreement in ani market or geograph area . except for oblig aris under the build addendum or the mainten addendum and ani work order or troubl ticket thereund that have not been termin as provid herein , thi agreement doe not oblig at & t to purchas or licens ani such work from vendor . at & t may contract with other proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 manufactur and vendor for the procur or trial of work compar to that describ in or purchas under thi agreement for site other than the cell site expressli contempl in the build addendum , and at & t may itself perform such work . 3.25 notic of certain event . vendor shall promptli notifi at & t of ani of the follow which is connect with ani deliver : ( a ) ani materi investig , indict , lawsuit , or administr or other proceed , or ( b ) the revoc of ani licens , permit or other document issu to vendor by ani government author necessari for vendor to complet it oblig as set forth herein . prior to locat accept of all cell site pursuant to the build addendum , vendor must notifi at & t immedi ( and in ani event within three ( 3 ) busi day ) in write , if it breach ( or is given written notic of an alleg breach or prospect breach of ) a materi coven in ani materi financi or materi oper arrang of vendor . follow locat accept of all cell site pursuant to the build addendum , vendor must notifi at & t immedi ( and in ani event within three ( 3 ) busi day ) in write , if it breach ( or is given written notic of an alleg breach or prospect breach of ) a materi coven in ani materi financi or materi oper arrang of vendor that could reason be expect to advers impact vendor ’ s abil to perform it oblig under thi agreement . 3.26 notic ( a ) each parti give or make ani notic , consent , request , demand , or other commun ( each , a “ notic ” ) pursuant to thi agreement must give the notic in write and use one of the follow method , each of which for purpos of thi agreement is a write : certifi mail ( return receipt request and postag prepaid ) ; u s postal servic overnight or prioriti mail; intern recogn overnight courier ( in either prepaid ) ; u.s. postal servic overnight or prioriti mail; intern recogn overnight courier ( in either case with all fee prepaid ) ; or email . if a notic is given by e-mail , then it must be confirm by a copi sent by ani one of the other method . each parti give a notic shall address the notic to the appropri person ( the “ addresse ” ) at the receiv parti at the address list below : commnet : commnet wireless , llc 400 northridg road , suit 31100 atlanta , ga 30350 attn : joseph moravec email address : jmoravecatni.com busi number : 404-649-6625 with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 commnet wireless , llc c/o atn intern , inc. 500 cum center , suit 2450 beverli , ma 01915 attn : gener counsel email address : legalnoticesatni.com busi number : ( 978 ) 619-1323 at & t : at & t mobil llc 1025 lenox park blvd atlanta , ga 30319 attn : kurt dresch , director - global connect manag email : kurt.dreschatt.com and at & t mobil llc 2180 lake blvd . ne b1260 atlanta , ga 30319 attn : anu seam , assist vice presid and senior legal counsel email address : anu.seamatt.com with a requir copi to : kilpatrick townsend & stockton llp 1100 peachtre street ne , suit 2800 atlanta , georgia 30309 attent : s. joel carte telephon : ( 404 ) 815-5909 facsimil : ( 404 ) 541-3238 e-mail : jcarteekilpatricktownsend.com ( b ) a notic is effect onli if the parti give notic ha compli with the forego requir of thi section and the addresse ha receiv the notic . a notic is deem to have been receiv as follow : ( i ) if a notic is sent by certifi mail , u.s. postal servic overnight or prioriti mail , or intern recogn overnight courier , upon the date of deliveri as indic by the receipt or other track record; proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( ii ) if a notic is sent by e-mail , upon success transmiss to the recipi ’ s email account , if such notic is sent in time to allow it to be access by the addresse befor the time allow for give such notic expir , and a confirm copi is sent by one of the other method . ( c ) the address and telephon number to which notic may be given to the addresse of either parti may be chang by written notic given by such parti to the other pursuant to thi section . 3.27 offshor work prohibit . none of the servic under thi agreement shall be perform or provid and no inform relat to thi agreement shall be collect , store , handl or access by vendor or it subcontractor at ani locat outsid of the unit state . addit , vendor shall not allow ani of the servic under thi agreement to be perform or provid by ani restrict entiti and ani servic perform or provid by a subcontractor shall be subject to vendor ’ s complianc with the requir of the section entitl “ work done by other ” . 3.28 order of preced . the term of thi agreement govern all work to be perform by vendor while thi agreement remain in effect . thi agreement shall govern in lieu of all other pre-print or standard provis that may otherwis appear in ani other paper or electron record of either parti ( such as standard term on order or acknowledg form , advanc ship notic , invoic , time sheet , and packag , shrink wrap term , and click wrap term ) . in the event of a conflict between the term of the bodi portion of thi agreement and ani of the addendum , exhibit , schedul or appendic attach hereto , the order of preced for control claus shall be as follow : ( a ) govern flow down and contract claus attach to thi agreement as exhibit a; ( b ) the build addendum or mainten addendum , as applicable; and ( c ) the remain provis of thi agreement . 3.29 ownership of paid-for develop , use and reserv of right ( a ) paid-for develop . at & t shall be the exclus owner of all right , titl , and interest in and to all paid- for develop ( defin below ) , includ , without limit , all intellectu properti right therein and thereto . vendor shall assign or have assign to at & t and herebi assign to at & t all intellectu properti right in and to the paid-for develop . “ paid- for develop ” shall mean ani and all item to the extent produc or develop by or on behalf of vendor or it employe , agent , or direct or indirect contractor or supplier ( and whether complet or in-progress ) , and form part of ani deliver , materi or servic pursuant to thi agreement ( includ , without limit , under the build addendum , mainten addendum or ani statement of work , exhibit , schedul , order or other document under , subordin to , or referenc thi agreement ) for which at & t ha been or will be charg structur payment , mainten fee or ani moni in connect with a chang order . paid-for develop shall alway includ ( without limit ) ani modif , alter or updat that fall within the definit of paid-for develop but shall not proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 includ ani item produc by vendor for it own use in connect with perform of the servic and for which at & t ha not been charg . ( b ) licens grant to at & t . vendor herebi grant and promis to grant and have grant to at & t and it affili a royalty-fre , nonexclus , sublicens , assign , transfer , irrevoc , perpetu , world- wide licens in and to ani applic intellectu properti right of vendor to use , copi , modifi , distribut , display , perform , import , make , sell , offer to sell , and exploit ( and have other do ani of the forego on or for at & t ’ s or ani of it custom ’ behalf or benefit ) ani intellectu properti right of vendor or ani third parti that are not includ in materi or paid-for develop but necessari to oper the cell site or receiv the full benefit of the work . ( c ) further act and oblig . vendor will take or secur such action ( includ , but not limit to , the execut , acknowledg , deliveri and assist in prepar of document or the give of testimoni ) as may be reason request by at & t to evid , transfer , perfect , vest or confirm at & t ’ s right , titl and interest in ani paid-for develop . vendor shall , in all event and without the need of at & t ’ s request , secur all intellectu properti right in ani paid-for develop ( and ani licens specifi abov ) from each employe , agent , subcontractor or sub-contractor of vendor who ha or will have ani right in the paid- for develop or intellectu properti right . ( d ) reserv of right and limit licens . notwithstand ani other provis in thi agreement , at & t is not transfer or grant to vendor ani right , titl , or interest in or to ( or grant to vendor ani licens or other permiss in or to ) ani or all : ( i ) item creat by or on behalf of at & t or directli or indirectli provid to vendor ( in ani form , includ , without limit , verbal ) by or on behalf of at & t or it third parti provid , includ the at & t provid equip ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) ( “ at & t provid item ” ) ; ( ii ) paid-for develop or ( iii ) intellectu properti right , includ , without limit , ani intellectu properti right in or to ani at & t provid item or paid- for develop . the sole except to the forego reserv of right is that at & t herebi grant vendor a limit , nonexclus , non-transfer licens ( that shall automat termin upon the termin or expir of thi agreement ) , under ani right own by at & t , to use the at & t provid item and paid- for develop sole as instruct by at & t and to the extent necessari for vendor to perform it oblig under thi agreement , subject further to the term and condit of thi agreement . in no way expand the forego licens , said licens in no manner permit vendor to ( and vendor herebi promis not to without the explicit prior written and sign consent of at & t intellectu properti , llc ( “ attip consent ” ) ) make use of ani at & t provid item , paid- for develop or at & t intellectu properti right either for the benefit of ani third parti or other than as instruct in write by at & t ( at & t may be will , in it sole discret , to grant attip consent in exchang for appropri addit compens ) . paid-for develop and at & t provid item shall constitut at & t inform under thi agreement . 3.30 public . other than use of at & t ’ s name in connect with permit applic , vendor shall not use at & t ’ s or it affili ’ name , trademark , servic mark , design , proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 logo or symbol . in addit , vendor shall not use ani languag or pictur which could in at & t ’ s judgment impli at & t ’ s or it affili ’ ident , or endors by at & t , it affili or ani of it or their employe , in ani ( i ) written , electron , or oral advertis or present , or sale meet , or ( ii ) brochur , newslett , book , electron databas , testimoni quotat , thank you letter , refer letter or other commun of whatev natur , without prior written attip consent . vendor and it employe , agent , and subcontractor shall refer ani question from the media or third parti regard the work to at & t and shall not discuss the work with the media or third parti , without the prior written attip consent . for the purpos of clariti , ani disclosur of the exist of thi agreement or the work by vendor as requir by law , includ the regul of the secur and exchang commiss , shall not be a violat of thi section; provid that , prior to ani such disclosur be made in the first instanc , vendor shall give at & t a reason opportun to review and comment thereon ( includ ani press releas ) . to the extent that ani disclosur requir to be made by vendor to the secur and exchang commiss ha been previous review by at & t , then vendor shall not be requir to provid at & t with a reason opportun to review and comment thereon prior to such disclosur be made thereaft so long as no substant chang have been made thereto . a breach of thi “ public ” section shall be deem a materi breach of thi agreement . 3.31 record and audit ( a ) vendor shall maintain complet and accur record relat to the work and the perform of thi agreement . at & t and it auditor ( includ intern audit staff and extern auditor ) and government author shall have the right to review such record ( “ at & t audit ” ) held and creat by vendor , to verifi the follow : ( i ) the accuraci of vendor ’ s invoic and at & t ’ s payment oblig hereunder; ( ii ) that the work charg for wa actual performed; ( iii ) that the servic have been and are be provid in accord with thi agreement; ( iv ) the integr of vendor ’ s system that process , store , support , maintain , and transmit at & t data; ( v ) vendor ’ s record relat to the perform of vendor ’ s subcontractor with respect to ani portion of the services; and ( vi ) that vendor and it subcontractor are compli with section 3.6 hereof . when the firstnet author or other government author request to review vendor ’ s record , at & t and it auditor will review these record first if the firstnet author or other government author permit such review , and provid the record to the request government authority; provid , howev , the firstnet author and other government author retain the right to perform audit independ of at & t . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( b ) subject to subsect ( g ) below , vendor shall provid and shall requir that it subcontractor provid to at & t , it auditor ( includ intern audit staff and extern auditor ) , and government author access at all reason time to : ( i ) ani facil at which the servic or ani portion thereof are be performed; ( ii ) system and asset use to provid the servic or ani portion thereof; ( iii ) vendor employe and subcontractor employe provid the servic or ani portion thereof; and ( iv ) all vendor and subcontractor record , includ financi record relat to the invoic and payment oblig and support document , pertain to the servic . the scope of at & t audit shall also includ : ( i ) practic and procedur use in perform the services; ( ii ) system , commun and inform technolog use in perform the services; ( iii ) gener control and secur practic and procedures; ( iv ) support inform and calcul regard invoic and complianc with servic requirements; ( v ) qualiti initi and qualiti assurance; and ( vi ) complianc with the term of thi agreement . at & t ’ s access to the record and other support document shall includ the right to inspect and photocopi vendor ’ s document and the document of it subcontractor as provid to vendor , and the right to retain copi thereof outsid of their physic locat with appropri safeguard , if such retent is deem reason necessari by at & t and onli to the extent that all such record are maintain by at & t in accord with section 3.16 hereof . ( c ) at & t audit may be conduct onc a year ( or more frequent if request by government author who regul at & t ’ s busi , if requir by applic law or if auditor requir follow-up access to complet audit inquiri or if an audit uncov ani problem or defici ) , upon at least ten ( 10 ) busi day advanc notic ( unless otherwis mandat by law ) and dure busi hour . vendor will cooper , and will ensur that it subcontractor cooper , in the at & t audit , and will make the inform reason requir to conduct the at & t audit avail on a time basi . ( d ) if , as a result of an at & t audit , at & t determin that vendor ha not perform or ha unsatisfactorili perform ani oblig under thi agreement , then vendor will promptli remedi the non-perform or unsatisfactori perform . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( e ) vendor will maintain and retain the record set forth in subsect ( a ) dure the term of the agreement and for three ( 3 ) year thereaft ( unless a discoveri or legal hold request is made with respect to such record , in which case vendor shall retain such record until at & t notifi vendor that such discoveri or legal hold request ha expir ) . vendor will provid at & t , at at & t ’ s request and cost , with paper and electron copi of document and inform reason necessari to verifi vendor ’ s complianc with thi agreement . upon notif by at & t of a discoveri or legal hold request , vendor shall fulli cooper with such request and immedi preserv ani vendor record cover by such request and promptli provid such vendor record request by at & t relat to the inquiri . ( f ) except as provid in subsect ( d ) , all reason out-of-pocket cost and expens incur by at & t in connect with an at & t audit shall be paid by at & t . vendor shall be sole respons for all cost and expens incur by vendor in connect with it oblig under thi section . in the event that either parti requir that an audit be perform by an independ auditor , unless otherwis specifi herein , the parti request such independ auditor will be respons for the cost and expens associ with the independ auditor . ( g ) with respect to at & t request for audit or inspect of vendor ’ s subcontractor , the follow appli : ( i ) if vendor ’ s agreement with it applic subcontractor permit an at & t audit , at & t shall be permit to conduct such audit directli or through a third parti repres . vendor shall work with at & t in facilit the subcontractor ’ s cooper for an expediti and thorough audit or inspect . ( ii ) if vendor ’ s contract with it applic subcontractor preclud at & t from directli conduct an audit or inspect , vendor shall use reason best effort to enabl at & t to perform an audit of the subcontractor with vendor coordin the audit process . fail those effort , vendor shall , upon at & t ’ s request and at at & t ’ s expens , conduct the audit or inspect on behalf of at & t , subject to term agre to by vendor and at & t for the subcontractor audit , such as area to be audit , applic fee , and the timefram for report audit result to at & t . if at & t ’ s request for a vendor audit or inspect aris from , in at & t ’ s good faith opinion , materi or consist defici servic provid by the subcontractor under at & t ’ s account , and the audit in both parti ’ opinion confirm such defici , vendor shall not charg at & t a fee for the vendor ’ s audit of it subcontractor . ( iii ) if vendor ’ s contract with it applic subcontractor doe not allow vendor access to the facil and system of subcontractor requir to conduct the audit describ in subsect ( b ) abov , then vendor shall provid a list of such subcontractor and the servic be provid by such subcontractor to at & t for it review . to the extent at & t deem it reason necessari to requir such access , then vendor will renegoti it contract with the applic subcontractor in order to obtain the audit right describ in subsect ( b ) abov . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 3.32 restrict entiti . vendor may not deliv or obtain ani materi or deliver from or use ani restrict entiti to provid ani servic under thi agreement , without prior written consent from at & t . vendor may not use , in connect with ani deliver , materi or servic provid hereund , ani element , equip , locat , instrument or the like where a restrict entiti ha a secur interest in that element , equip , locat , instrument or the like . vendor may not obtain financ from ani restrict entiti or use ani cell site or materi own , leas from , oper or financ by ani restrict entiti . 3.33 sever . if ani provis of thi agreement is determin to be invalid , illeg , or unenforc , the parti agre that the remain provis of thi agreement shall remain in full forc if both the econom and legal substanc of the transact contempl by thi agreement are not affect in ani manner that is materi advers to either parti by sever the provis determin to be invalid , illeg , or unenforc . 3.34 supplier citizenship and sustain . vendor shall conduct busi with an abid respect for corpor citizenship , sustain , and human right ( “ citizenship and sustain ” ) . upon at & t ’ s request , which request may onli be made onc per calendar year , vendor shall provid to at & t reason inform , report , or survey respons to demonstr vendor ’ s oper of it busi in the context of citizenship and sustain . 3.35 surviv of oblig . oblig and right under thi agreement that by their natur would reason continu beyond the termin or expir of thi agreement ( includ those in the section entitl “ complianc with law , ” “ construct and interpret , ” “ cumul remedi , ” “ entir agreement , ” “ govern law , ” “ inform , ” “ indemn , ” “ infring , ” “ insur , ” “ limit of damag , ” “ order of preced , ” “ ownership of paid-for develop , use and reserv of right , ” “ public , ” “ sever , ” “ at & t supplier inform secur requir ( sisr ) , ” “ warranti , ” “ custom inform , ” “ disput resolut ” and the represent , warranti , indemn and termin remedi ) will surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement . 3.36 tax ( a ) vendor shall invoic at & t the amount of ani feder excis , state , and local transact tax impos upon the sale of materi , deliveri of deliver , and provis of servic under thi agreement . all such tax must be state as separ item on the applic materi , deliver , or servic invoic list the tax jurisdict impos the tax . instal , labor and other non-tax charg must be separ state . at & t shall pay all applic tax to vendor that are state on and at the time the materi , deliver , or servic invoic is submit by vendor . vendor shall remit tax to the appropri tax author . vendor shall honor tax exempt certif , and other appropri document , which at & t provid to vendor , pursuant to relev tax provis of the tax jurisdict provid the exempt . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( b ) vendor will pay ani penalti , interest , addit tax , or other charg that may be levi or assess as a result of the delay or failur of vendor , for ani reason other than at & t ’ s failur to reimburs vendor in a time manner for such amount , to pay ani tax or file ani return or inform requir by law , rule , or regul or by thi agreement to be paid or file by vendor . ( c ) upon at & t ’ s request , the parti shall consult with respect to the basi and rate upon which vendor shall pay ani tax or fee for which at & t is oblig to reimburs vendor under thi agreement . if at & t determin that , in good faith and pursuant to applic law , ani such tax or fee are not payabl or should be paid on a basi less than the full price or at rate less than the full tax rate , at & t shall notifi vendor in write of such determin , vendor shall make payment in accord with such determin , and at & t shall be respons for such determin . if collect is sought by the tax author for a greater amount of tax than that so determin by at & t , vendor shall promptli notifi at & t . if at & t desir to contest such collect , at & t shall promptli notifi vendor . vendor shall cooper with at & t in contest such determin , but at & t shall be respons and shall reimburs vendor for ani tax , interest , or penalti in excess of at & t ’ s determin and shall reimburs vendor for litig expens incur by vendor in connect with contest such determin . ( d ) if the parti agre , where such agreement shall not be unreason withheld , condit , or delay , that at & t ha paid vendor for ani tax in excess of the amount that at & t is oblig to pay vendor under thi agreement , at & t and vendor shall consult in good faith to determin the appropri method ( s ) to seek recoveri of such excess payment , which method ( s ) may includ , but are not limit to , ( i ) vendor credit ani excess payment against tax amount or other payment due from at & t sole to the extent vendor ha success made correspond adjust to it payment to the relev tax author , ( ii ) vendor time file claim for refund and ani other document requir to recov ani excess payment and vendor promptli remit to at & t all such refund and interest receiv , and ( iii ) vendor immedi refund to at & t such excess payment . ( e ) if ani tax author advis vendor that it intend to audit vendor with respect to ani tax for which at & t is oblig to reimburs vendor under thi agreement , vendor shall ( i ) promptli so notifi at & t , ( ii ) afford at & t an opportun to particip with vendor in such audit with respect to such tax , and ( iii ) keep at & t fulli inform as to the progress of such audit . except as set forth in subsect ( c ) abov , each parti shall bear it own expens with respect to ani such audit , and the respons for ani addit tax , interest , or penalti result from such audit is to be determin in accord with the applic provis of thi section 3.36. vendor ’ s failur to compli with the notif requir of thi section 3.36 will reliev at & t of it respons to reimburs vendor for tax onli to the extent that vendor ’ s failur actual and materi prejud at & t ’ s abil to contest imposit or assess of those tax . ( f ) in addit to it right under subsect ( c ) , ( d ) , and ( e ) abov with respect to ani tax or tax controversi cover by thi section 3.36 , at & t is entitl to contest , pursuant to applic law and tariff and at it own expens , ani tax previous invoic that at & t is ultim proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 oblig to pay . at & t is entitl to the benefit of ani refund or recoveri of amount actual receiv by at & t or vendor that at & t ha previous paid to vendor result from such a contest . vendor shall cooper in ani such contest , but at & t shall reimburs vendor for litig expens incur by vendor in obtain a refund or credit for at & t . ( g ) if either parti is audit by a tax author or other government entiti in connect with tax under thi section 3.36 , the other parti shall reason cooper with the parti be audit in order to respond to ani audit inquiri in an appropri and time manner , so that the audit and ani result controversi may be resolv expediti . ( h ) at & t and vendor shall reason cooper with each other with respect to ani tax plan to minim tax . ( i ) vendor and ani of it affili , as appropri , receiv payment hereund shall provid at & t with a valid unit state intern revenu servic ( “ ir ” ) form w-8ben , w-8ben- e , w-8eci , w-8exp , w- 8imi , or w-9 ( or ani successor form prescrib by the ir ) . at & t may reduc ani payment otherwis due to vendor in connect with the sale of materi , deliveri of deliver , or provis of servic under thi agreement by the amount of ani tax impos on vendor that at & t is requir to pay directli to a tax or other government author ( “ withhold tax ” ) . altern , if applic law permit , at & t agre that it will honor a valid exempt certif or other mandat document evidenc vendor ’ s exempt from payment of , or liabil for , ani withhold tax as author or requir by statut , regul , administr pronounc , or other law of the jurisdict provid said exempt . at & t shall provid vendor with document evidenc withhold in a reason time . 3.37 termin and suspens ( a ) mutual agreement – thi agreement , the build addendum and/or the mainten addendum may be termin at ani time upon the mutual written consent of the parti . ( b ) termin for conveni – thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum may not be termin by either parti at ani time for it own conveni . ( c ) termin for caus ( i ) if either parti breach ani provis of thi agreement ( which for purpos of thi section 3.37 ( c ) shall not mean ani breach of the build addendum or mainten addendum ) and ( i ) if the breach is one that by it natur could be cure , and such breach is not cure within thirti ( 30 ) day ( or such other applic cure period expressli provid herein and applic to such breach ) after the breach parti receiv written notic , provid that if such breach is not reason suscept of cure within such thirti ( 30 ) day period ( or such other applic cure period ) and vendor is dilig and continu pursu a cure , the parti shall cooper in good faith to establish by mutual written agreement a reason extens of the applic cure period , or ( ii ) if the breach is one that by it natur can not be cure , or ( iii ) if the breach is a materi violat of law that is not reason suscept of cure , then , in addit to all other right and remedi at law or proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 in equiti or otherwis , the non-breach parti shall have the right upon written notic to immedi termin thi agreement ( which termin shall includ the build addendum and mainten addendum ) , and exercis all termin remedi set forth in the build addendum , except at & t can not termin it oblig to pay vendor all structur payment for cell site that have achiev locat accept prior to the effect date of termin or ani mainten fee for servic perform under the mainten addendum prior to the effect date of such termin . failur of the non- breach parti to immedi termin thi agreement ( x ) follow a breach which continu longer than such cure period , provid such breach ha not been cure prior to the non-breach parti ’ s provid notic of termin , or ( y ) follow a breach that can not be cure or that constitut a materi violat of law that is not reason suscept to cure shall not constitut a waiver of the non- breach parti ’ s right to termin . ( ii ) if vendor becom insolv or gener fail to pay , or admit in write it inabl or refus to pay , debt as they becom due , then at & t shall have the right upon written notic to immedi termin at & t ’ s oblig under thi agreement or the build addendum or mainten addendum , as applic , and exercis all termin remedi set forth in the build addendum . ( iii ) if ( 1 ) vendor ( a ) receiv a notic of default ( or similar breach or violat ) and ha not cure such default ( or similar breach or violat ) within thirti ( 30 ) day from the receipt of such notic or ( b ) is in default under ani credit facil or other financ arrang , ( 2 ) ani vendor credit facil or other financ arrang ha been termin or suspend ( other than by vendor or as a result of an expir in accord with it term ) or ( 3 ) vendor no longer ha access to fund under ani credit facil or other financ arrang requir by vendor to fulfil it oblig to at & t under thi agreement , the master licens agreement , the transport agreement and the roam agreement ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) , then vendor shall promptli , but no later than one ( 1 ) busi day follow vendor ’ s receipt of notic of ani such event , notifi at & t of such event and in addit to all other right and remedi at law or in equiti or otherwis , at & t shall have the right upon written notic to immedi termin at & t ’ s oblig under thi agreement or the build addendum or mainten addendum , as applic , and exercis all termin remedi set forth in the build addendum; provid , that prior to exercis such termin right , at & t shall enter into good faith discuss with vendor to determin if vendor can obtain altern financ . ( d ) bankruptci . in addit to all other termin right set forth herein , thi agreement may be termin by either parti or either parti may termin it oblig hereund , in each case in whole or in part ( includ termin onli specif addendum or specif cell site ) , if the other parti file , or ha file against it , ani voluntari petit seek liquid , reorgan , arrang or readjust of it debt or for ani other relief under the unit state bankruptci code or under ani other act or law pertain to insolv or debtor relief , whether state , feder or foreign , now or hereaft existing; or such other parti ha file against proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 it ani petit which petit seek ani of the forego relief or substant consolid of the asset of such other parti with a debtor in bankruptci or liquid and which is not dismiss within forty-f ( 45 ) day after the effect servic of same; or the appoint is made of a receiv , custodian or truste of such other parti or for all or a substanti part of the asset of such other parti . ( e ) termin event . in addit to all other termin right set forth herein , thi agreement may be termin by at & t or at & t may termin it oblig hereund ( includ termin onli specif addendum or specif cell site ) , upon the occurr of ( i ) ani termin event ( as defin in the build addendum ) applic to one or more cell site and upon such termin at & t may exercis ani or all of the termin remedi ( as defin in the build addendum ) avail to it pursuant to the build addendum with respect to such impact cell sites; or ( ii ) ani termin ( regardless of the reason therefor ) of the master licens agreement result in at & t ’ s inabl to use the impact cell site . ( f ) partial termin - whenev law or a provis of thi agreement permit at & t to termin thi agreement with respect to a singl cell site or group of cell site or with respect to either the build addendum or mainten addendum , at & t may , at it option , termin thi agreement in part with respect to such addendum or on a cell site basi without further liabil or obligation; provid that no such termin shall reliev at & t ’ s oblig to make structur payment with respect to ani cell site that have reach locat accept prior to the effect date of such termin and pay ani mainten fee for servic perform under the mainten addendum prior to the effect date of such termin . the parti acknowledg that the build addendum and mainten addendum includ specif partial termin right on a cell site by cell site basi , includ the termin remedi that allow for termin of at & t ’ s oblig with respect to an individu cell site hereund and special remedi to at & t in connect with such termin . ( g ) termin charg – at & t shall not be liabl for ani termin charg ( or ani charg for ani materi or servic alreadi order or perform at the time of termin ) in ani case when ani termin result from a termin right grant to at & t in thi agreement; provid that at & t shall remain oblig to make structur payment with respect to ani cell site that have reach locat accept prior to the effect date of such termin and pay ani mainten fee for servic perform under the mainten addendum prior to the effect date of such termin . ( h ) oblig upon expir or termin - upon expir or termin of thi agreement , but prior to the effect of full termin of the agreement , at & t may exercis ani right and remedi avail to at & t under thi agreement , at law or in equiti , includ at & t ’ s right to exercis ani one or more of the termin remedi set forth in the build addendum , and vendor shall , upon the request and at the expens ( other than termin in accord with subsect ( c ) hereof ) of at & t : ( i ) return all paper , materi , equip , asset and properti of at & t held by vendor , includ titl and ownership to all materi , ( ii ) provid reason assist as may be necessari for the orderli , non-disrupt continu of the servic , ( iii ) transfer all of the contract relat to the cell site to at & t proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 as contempl in the build addendum and ( iv ) reimburs at & t for ani at & t provid equip or other asset that are not instal at a cell site and can not be return in good work order ( base on the acquisit cost plu tax and ship cost ) . vendor also agre to assist at & t in coordin the transfer of the provis of the servic to a successor contractor , which shall includ continu to provid the requir level of servic until the date of expir or termin and provid the successor contractor with all pertin inform about the servic . for the purpos of clariti and notwithstand ani other provis herein , no termin under thi agreement shall reliev at & t ’ s oblig to make structur payment with respect to ani cell site that have reach locat accept prior to the effect date of such termin and pay ani mainten fee for servic perform under the mainten addendum prior to the effect date of such termin . 3.38 third parti administr servic ( a ) vendor acknowledg that a third parti administr will perform certain administr function for at & t in relat to thi agreement . such administr function may includ : ( i ) collect and verifi certif of insurance; ( ii ) provid financi analysis; ( iii ) verifi certif under the section entitl “ util of minor , women , and disabl veteran own busi enterpris ” ; and ( iv ) collect and verifi vendor profil inform . ( b ) vendor shall cooper with such third parti administr in it perform of such administr function and shall provid such data as from time to time the third parti administr may request . further , notwithstand ani other provis of thi agreement , vendor agre that at & t may provid ani inform regard vendor to such third parti administr . at & t shall contractu requir the third parti administr to maintain confidenti of vendor ’ s inform with right to use it sole for purpos of the administr function . vendor agre to pay the third parti administr an annual fee for the perform of these administr function , which annual fee shall not exceed three hundr dollar ( 300.00 ) , and a one-tim set-up fee of thirti dollar ( 30.00 ) . at & t agre to reimburs vendor for such fee list as a line item expens on the invoic issu by vendor to at & t pursuant to section 3.19 for the month immedi follow such payment . 3.39 third parti beneficiari . all at & t affili receiv materi or servic under thi agreement and the feder govern of the unit state shall be express third parti beneficiari under thi agreement . except to the extent expressli set forth to the contrari in thi agreement ( includ with respect to affili of at & t and the u.s. govern ) , there are no third parti beneficiari of thi agreement , and thi agreement shall not provid ani third person other than at & t affili and the u.s. govern with ani proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 remedi , claim , liabil , reimburs , claim of action or other legal or equit right in excess of those exist without refer to thi agreement . 3.40 titl and risk . titl to materi furnish by vendor shall vest in at & t immedi and automat upon locat accept ( as defin in the build addendum ) or , if after locat accept of a cell site , with respect to ani materi provid in connect with the mainten addendum , when actual instal or incorpor in the work; provid , if the materi wa paid for or provid by at & t prior to incorpor into the work , titl shall alway be vest in at & t; provid , further , in both case vendor shall retain risk of loss and damag to all of the materi ( includ all at & t provid equip ( as such term is defin in the build addendum ) ) until locat accept and thereaft to the extent such materi is in the custodi or control of vendor . 3.41 titl to materi furnish by at & t . titl to materi furnish by at & t under thi agreement shall at all time be in at & t ’ s name . vendor assum full respons for ani loss or damag to such materi while materi is in vendor ’ s or it subcontractor ’ s possess or control and shall be liabl for the full valu of the materi ( which shall includ at & t ’ s acquisit cost plu all tax and ship ) . vendor shall not allow or permit ani lien to be place upon or otherwis encumb ani at & t provid equip or other asset , properti or right own , oper or leas by at & t or ani of it affili . at & t may inspect and inventori the materi furnish by at & t under thi agreement dure vendor ’ s normal busi hour . prior to locat accept , vendor shall provid at & t escort access to the premis wherein all such materi is locat and , follow locat accept , at & t shall have access to the premis wherein all such materi is locat pursuant to the term of the master licens agreement and the applic site licens thereund or ani third parti tower leas , as applic . the oblig assum by vendor with respect to materi furnish by at & t under thi agreement are for the protect of at & t ’ s properti . should vendor fail to compli in ani respect , in addit to ani other right or remedi at & t may have , upon ten ( 10 ) day ’ written notic to vendor , at & t may withdraw all or ani part of the materi furnish . vendor shall , at at & t ’ s option , return to at & t , or hold for at & t ’ s disposit , ani or all of such materi provid by at & t under thi agreement upon termin of thi agreement or the withdraw of the materi furnished; provid howev , that with respect to ani scrap produc as a by-product remain in vendor ’ s possess at the complet of all work to be provid at a cell site , vendor shall , at at & t ’ s option , return to at & t , or hold for at & t ’ s disposit , such scrap materi for a period of one hundr twenti ( 120 ) day follow the earlier of locat accept at such cell site or the earlier termin of thi agreement with respect to such cell site . at all time and at vendor ’ s expens , vendor shall maintain properti insur for all peril , for full replac cost for all properti of at & t in the care , custodi and control of the vendor . at & t shall be name as an addit insur and loss paye . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 3.42 transact cost . except as expressli provid in thi agreement , each parti shall bear it own fee and expens ( includ the fee and expens of it agent , repres , attorney , and account ) incur in connect with the negoti , draft , execut , and perform of thi agreement and the transact it contempl . 3.43 util of minor , women , and disabl veteran own busi enterpris ( a ) vendor shall submit annual particip plan in the form set forth at http : //www.attsuppliers.com no later than the effect date and by decemb 31 of each calendar year thereaft , establish vendor ’ s goal for the upcom report period for particip by minor own busi enterpris ( “ mbe ” ) , women own busi enterpris ( “ wbe ” ) and disabl veteran own busi enterpris ( “ dvbe ” ) , with “ particip ” express as a percentag of aggreg estim annual purchas by at & t for the report period . ( b ) by the tenth day follow the close of each calendar month , vendor shall , in a format and manner accept to at & t , report actual result of it effort to meet the goal set forth in the applic particip plan dure the preced calendar month . when report result , vendor shall count onli expenditur with entiti that are certifi as mbe , wbe , or dvbe firm by third parti certifi agenc recogn by at & t , as list on http : //www.attsuppliers.com . 3.44 vendor personnel and employ matter ( a ) personnel provid by vendor shall be consid sole the employe of vendor or it subcontractor and not employe or agent of at & t . vendor ha and shall retain the right to exercis full control of and supervis over the perform of the servic and full control over the employ , direct , assign , compens , and discharg of all personnel perform the servic . vendor and it subcontractor are and shall be sole respons for all matter relat to compens and benefit for all personnel provid by vendor . vendor shall ensur that all person furnish by vendor conduct themselv in a profession manner and in accord with all polici set forth in thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum . ( b ) if at & t request that vendor or it subcontractor remov ani person provid by vendor or it subcontractor from at & t ’ s account for ani law reason , then vendor shall immedi compli with such request . vendor shall , at no cost to at & t , provid a qualifi replac . 3.45 warranti ( a ) the warranti period for all materi ( exclud at & t provid equip ) shall commenc upon deliveri of such materi to vendor from the oem and shall continu for a period equal to the longer of ( i ) [ ] or ( ii ) the applic warranti period actual receiv by vendor from the oem for such materi vendor acquir directli from the oem , includ the vendor provid equip as defin in the build addendum ( the “ materi warranti period ” ) . vendor provid no warranti for materi with respect to ani at & t provid equip . the warranti period for workmanship and all servic provid proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 hereund , includ the build servic contempl in the build addendum , shall commenc upon locat accept of the applic cell site and continu for a period equal to [ ] from locat accept of the applic cell site ( the “ workmanship warranti period ” ) . for the durat of such warranti period , vendor repres and warrant to at & t as follow : ( i ) materi ( exclud at & t provid equip ) furnish hereund will be merchant , free from defect in design , materi and workmanship , fit and suffici for the purpos set forth in the agreement , free from all lien at the time of locat accept , and will dure the materi warranti period strictli conform to and perform in accord with applic specif , draw and sampl . ( ii ) servic provid hereund will be perform ( a ) in a profession and effici manner , in strict complianc with the specif , ( b ) with the care , skill , and dilig , and in accord with profession industri standard and practic , current recogn in vendor ’ s profess or industri , ( c ) in complianc with all applic law and all descript and represent as to the servic ( includ perform capabl , accuraci , complet , characterist , specif , configur , standard , function and requir ) set forth in thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum ( and all schedul thereto ) , and ( d ) by personnel with appropri experi , knowledg and compet . if vendor fail to meet applic profession standard , vendor will , without addit compens , promptli correct or revis ani error or defici in the servic furnish hereund . ( b ) in addit , vendor repres and warrant that : ( i ) vendor is duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of it state of format with all requisit power to enter into and perform it oblig under thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum and ha the full power , author and right to provid the materi and servic specifi herein; ( ii ) the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum ha been duli and validli author and approv by all necessari action of vendor and will constitut legal , valid and bind oblig of vendor enforc in accord with their respect terms; ( iii ) vendor ha ( or will have at the time of the perform of the applic servic ) and will continu to hold dure the perform of the applic servic dure the term of thi agreement ( or the build addendum term or mainten addendum term , as applic ) all permit , licens and contract requir to enter into and perform thi agreement , the build addendum and mainten addendum and to deliv the materi and servic hereunder; ( iv ) as of the effect date , there are no action , suit , or proceed , pend or threaten , which will have a materi advers effect on vendor ’ s abil to fulfil it proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 oblig under thi agreement and vendor will immedi notifi at & t if , dure the term , vendor becom awar of ani such action , suit , or proceeding; ( v ) vendor ha , as of the effect date , and will continu to have dure the term of the build addendum or mainten addendum , as applic , all necessari skill , right , and financi resourc ( includ ani requir bind commit for financ from third person ) applic to such oblig then in effect , and author to enter into thi agreement , the build addendum or the mainten addendum , includ the author to provid or licens the materi or servic , and satisfi all of it oblig hereund and thereunder; ( vi ) as of the effect date , no third parti claim ha been alleg against vendor that ani materi and servic provid hereund infring upon such third parti ’ s intellectu properti right and vendor will immedi notifi at & t if , dure the term , vendor becom awar of ani such third parti claim; ( vii ) no consent , approv , or withhold of object is requir from ani entiti , includ ani government author , with respect to the enter into or the perform of thi agreement , the build addendum or the mainten addendum; ( viii ) at the time of locat accept ( or , if later , at the time of deliveri ) , the materi and servic will be provid free of ani lien of ani kind; ( ix ) vendor will be fulli respons and liabl for all act , omiss , and work perform by ani of it repres , includ ani subcontractors; ( x ) all repres , includ subcontractor , will strictli compli with the provis specifi in thi agreement and all applic laws; ( xi ) vendor will strictli compli with the term of thi agreement , the build addendum and the mainten addendum , includ those specifi in ani exhibit , schedul or appendic attach hereto or thereto; and ( xii ) all materi provid to at & t hereund shall be test by or on behalf of vendor prior to instal and prior to locat accept to ensur it complianc with the specif . ( c ) all represent and warranti set forth abov in section 3.46 ( b ) or elsewher in thi agreement ( other than the specif warranti period specifi in section 3.46 ( a ) ) will surviv expir or termin of thi agreement for a period of [ ] year from such expir or termination; provid howev , that ani such represent and warranti that relat sole to the build servic provid pursuant to the build addendum shall surviv for a period of [ ] year follow locat accept of all cell site . the forego warranti will be in addit to all other warranti , express , impli or statutori . vendor shall defend , indemnifi and hold at & t , it affili , and their agent and repres harmless from proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 and against all third parti loss aris out of or result from a breach of these represent and warranti , in accord with the section herein entitl “ indemn ” . ( d ) if at ani time dure the warranti period for materi or servic at & t believ there is a breach of ani warranti , at & t will notifi vendor set forth the natur of such claim breach . vendor shall promptli investig such claim breach and shall either ( i ) provid inform satisfactori to at & t that no breach of warranti in fact occur or ( ii ) at no addit charg to at & t , promptli take such action as may be requir to correct such breach . if the requir correct action is to re-perform the servic and/or repair the materi , and if vendor fail or refus to make such repair and/or re-perform such servic , then , in addit to ani other remedi , at & t shall have the right , at it option , either ( 1 ) to perform such servic and to repair such materi itself or engag a third parti to do so , in either case at vendor ’ s expense; or ( 2 ) to receiv a full refund of ani amount paid for such materi and servic . vendor shall bear all transport cost and risk of loss and damag in transit with respect to all materi transport in connect with thi section , and all repair and replac materi is warrant as provid herein . ( e ) if a breach of warranti for which vendor is respons ha not been correct within a commerci reason time , and such breach ha caus materi and irrepar damag and harm to at & t , then upon thirti ( 30 ) day ’ notic to vendor , at & t may termin thi agreement with respect to the applic cell site ( s ) without further liabil to vendor for those cell site . 3.46 subcontractors; work done by other . ( a ) if ani part of vendor ’ s work is depend upon work perform by other or subcontract consist with the term herein , vendor shall inspect and promptli report to at & t ani defect that render such other work unsuit for vendor ’ s proper perform . vendor ’ s silenc shall constitut approv of such other work as fit , proper and suitabl for vendor ’ s perform of it servic or provis of materi . ( b ) ani use of , includ ani chang to the use of , a subcontractor shall be subject to the requir of thi section 3.46. vendor shall provid and keep current a list of all subcontractor and certain inform about each such subcontractor , includ the ident of , the locat of , and a complet descript of the activ to be perform by such subcontractor . vendor will provid such list of subcontractor to at & t upon request . if at & t notifi vendor that a particular subcontractor is unaccept to at & t becaus use of the subcontractor could advers affect the secur of at & t ’ s network , or caus materi financi harm to at & t , or have a materi and detriment effect on at & t ’ s reput , vendor shall promptli ceas use of such subcontractor and provid a replac subcontractor or perform the servic itself . should vendor fail or refus to ceas use of ani subcontractor and provid a substitut subcontractor or perform the servic itself after at & t ’ s request , at & t shall have the right to termin thi agreement . where a portion of the work is subcontract , vendor remain fulli respons for perform thereof and shall be respons to at & t for the act and omiss of ani subcontractor , to the same extent as if such act or omiss were perform by vendor . noth in thi agreement shall creat proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ani contractu oblig or other liabil of at & t to ani subcontractor or it employe . vendor shall requir all subcontractor perform work on the project or who may enter upon the work site to maintain the same insur requir as those set forth in the section entitl “ insur ” of thi agreement . vendor agre to bind everi subcontractor to term consist with the term of thi agreement . prior to locat accept of all cell site pursuant to the build addendum , vendor shall immedi notifi at & t of ani ( i ) failur or inabl of vendor to pay to ani subcontractor or other vendor person when due ani amount owe to such subcontractor or vendor person or ( ii ) ani claim , notic or action assert by ani such subcontractor or vendor person of or relat to ani such failur or inabl to pay amount when due . follow locat accept of all cell site pursuant to the build addendum , vendor shall immedi notifi at & t of ani ( x ) failur ( in the absenc of a good faith disput ) or inabl of vendor to pay to ani subcontractor or other vendor person when due ani amount owe to such subcontractor or vendor person or ( y ) ani claim , notic or action assert by ani such subcontractor or vendor person of or relat to ani such failur ( in the absenc of a good faith disput ) or inabl to pay amount when due . 3.47 afford care act . for purpos of the afford care act ( aca ) , and in particular for purpos of section 4980h of the intern revenu code of 1986 , as amend , and the regul thereund , with respect to each individu provid by vendor to work on at & t project ( s ) for at least thirti ( 30 ) hour per week for at least nineti ( 90 ) day , whether consecut or not , vendor repres and warrant that it or one of it subcontractor is the common law employ of such individu and shall be respons for either provid healthcar coverag as requir by the aca ( to the extent applic ) or for pay ani section 4980h assess payment that may be requir for failur to provid to such individu : ( a ) health care coverag , or ( b ) afford healthcar coverag . in no event will at & t be consid to be the common law employ of such individu for purpos of the aca . vendor shall maintain for a period of ten ( 10 ) year ( or such shorter period as requir by applic law ) inform to show complianc with the aca notwithstand ani other provis in thi agreement to the contrari . 3.48 custom inform ( a ) as between vendor and at & t , titl to all custom inform and custom proprietari network inform ( “ cpni ” ) ( as that term is defin in section 222 of the commun act of 1934 , 47 u.s.c . §222 ( as amend , “ section 222 ” ) ) shall be in at & t . except as otherwis provid herein , no licens or right to ani custom inform are grant to vendor hereund . ( b ) vendor acknowledg that custom inform receiv may be subject to certain privaci law and regul and requir , includ requir of at & t . vendor shall consid custom inform to be privat , sensit and confidenti . accordingli , with respect to custom inform , vendor shall compli with all applic privaci law and regul and requir , includ the cpni restrict contain in section 222. accordingli , vendor shall : proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( i ) not use ani cpni to market or otherwis sell product to at & t ’ s custom , except to the extent necessari for the perform of servic for at & t or as otherwis approv or author by at & t in thi agreement or in writing; ( ii ) make no disclosur of custom inform to ani parti other than at & t , except to the extent necessari for the perform of servic for at & t or except such disclosur requir under forc of law; provid that vendor shall provid at & t with notic immedi upon receipt of ani legal request or demand by a judici , regulatori or other author or third parti to disclos or produc custom information; vendor shall furnish onli that portion of the custom inform that it is legal requir to furnish and shall provid reason cooper to at & t should at & t exercis effort to obtain a protect order or other confidenti treatment with respect to such custom information; ( iii ) not incorpor ani custom inform into ani databas other than in a databas maintain exclus for the storag of at & t ’ s custom information; ( iv ) not incorpor ani data from ani of vendor ’ s other custom , includ affili of at & t , into at & t ’ s custom database; ( v ) make no use whatsoev of ani custom inform for ani purpos except to compli with the term of thi agreement; ( vi ) make no sale , licens or leas of custom inform to ani other party; ( vii ) restrict access to custom inform to onli those employe of vendor that requir access to perform servic under thi agreement; ( viii ) prohibit and restrict access or use of custom inform by ani of vendor ’ s other custom , ani of vendor ’ s affili , or third parti except as may be agre otherwis by at & t; ( ix ) promptli return all custom inform to at & t upon expir or termin of thi agreement , unless expressli agre or instruct otherwis by at & t; and ( x ) immedi notifi at & t upon vendor ’ s awar of ( 1 ) ani breach of the above- referenc provis , ( 2 ) ani disclosur ( inadvert or otherwis ) of custom inform to ani third parti not expressli permit herein to receiv or have access to such custom inform , or ( 3 ) a breach of , or other secur incid involv , vendor ’ s system or network that could caus or permit access to custom inform inconsist with the above-referenc provis , and such notic shall includ the detail of the breach , disclosur or secur incid . vendor shall fulli cooper with at & t in determin , as may be necessari or appropri , action that need to be taken includ the full scope of the breach , disclosur or secur incid , correct step to be taken by vendor , the natur and content of ani custom notif , law enforc involv , or news/press/media contact etc. , and vendor shall not proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 commun directli with ani at & t custom without at & t ’ s consent , which such consent shall not be unreason withheld . 3.49 reimburs expens . at & t is not respons for ani travel , meal or other busi relat expens incur by vendor , whether or not incur in it perform of it oblig under thi agreement , in addit to ani such amount that are includ in the structur payment . 4.0 special term 4.1 access ( a ) follow locat accept and in connect with the mainten addendum , vendor shall have reason access to at & t ’ s cell site contempl in the build addendum to enabl vendor to perform it oblig under the mainten addendum . vendor shall coordin such access with at & t ’ s design repres prior to visit such premis . vendor will ensur that onli vendor person will be allow to enter at & t ’ s premis by use at & t system , such as the nfsd portal . if at & t request vendor or it subcontractor to discontinu furnish ani person provid by vendor or it subcontractor from perform work on at & t ’ s premis or at ani cell site , vendor shall immedi compli with such request . such person shall leav at & t ’ s premis or cell site promptli , and vendor shall not furnish such person again to perform work on at & t ’ s premis without at & t ’ s written consent . the parti agre that , where requir by government regul , vendor will submit satisfactori clearanc from the u.s. depart of defens and/or other feder , state , or local author . ( b ) at & t requir vendor or it repres , includ ani vendor person , to exhibit identif credenti , which at & t may issu , to gain access to at & t ’ s premis for the perform of servic . if for ani reason , ani vendor person is no longer perform such servic , vendor shall immedi inform at & t . notif shall be follow by the prompt deliveri to at & t of the identif credenti , if issu by at & t , or a written statement of the reason whi the identif credenti can not be return . ( c ) vendor shall ensur that it repres , includ ani vendor person , while on or off at & t ’ s premis , will ( i ) perform servic which conform to the specif , ( ii ) protect at & t ’ s materi , build , and structur , ( iii ) perform work which doe not interfer with at & t ’ s busi oper , and ( iv ) perform with care and due regard for the safeti , conveni , and protect of at & t , it employe , and properti . 4.2 at & t supplier inform secur requir ( sisr ) . vendor shall compli with at & t ’ s supplier inform secur requir ( the “ sisr ” ) set forth in exhibit b attach hereto and incorpor herein by refer . vendor shall cooper fulli with at & t , includ by complet checklist or similar document , to ensur that custom inform , at & t deriv data , softwar and/or comput system proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 vendor develop , design , support and/or use under thi agreement compli with the standard and requir set forth in the sisr . 4.3 background check ( a ) to assist at & t ’ s complianc with the law and it duti to protect it own employe and custom , vendor , and subject to ani law to the contrari that limit ani vendor action otherwis requir by thi section , vendor shall : ( i ) make all reason effort , includ check the background , verifi the person inform and check each vendor person ’ s identif credenti , to determin all inform necessari to verifi whether ani vendor person whom vendor propos to have perform ani servic that permit physic entri or virtual or other access to at & t ’ s or it custom ’ system , network , or inform ( “ access ” ) at ani time dure the term of thi agreement ( provid that the term of thi section shall not appli to vendor person have escort access to secur at & t area not avail to the gener public where such vendor person will not be provid “ servic ” , delivering/instal “ materi ” , or otherwis engag in work activ under thi agreement , e.g. , doe not appli to attend meet , review locat to prepar contract bid , etc . ) : ( 1 ) ha been convict of ani feloni , or ha been convict of ani misdemeanor involv violenc , sexual misconduct , theft or comput crime , fraud or financi crime , drug distribut , or crime involv unlaw possess or use of a danger weapon ( “ convict ” ) or is identifi on ani govern registri as a sex offend ( “ sex offend statu ” ) ; and ( 2 ) in addit to the requir of subsect ( 1 ) abov , perform a drug screen on ani vendor person whom vendor propos to have access to custom inform , system , or physic entri onto at & t ’ s or it custom ’ premis , and not permit ani such vendor person present a posit drug screen to have access to custom inform , system , or physic entri onto at & t ’ s or it custom ’ premis . ( ii ) compli with the oblig of subsect ( a ) ( i ) ( 1 ) abov by a background check , includ credit histori , employ histori , drive record and crimin histori ( “ background check ” ) of applic record for those counti , state , and feder court district in which a propos vendor person ha identifi as have resid , work , or attend school in the previou ten ( 10 ) year , unless a shorter period is requir by ani law . ( b ) it is vendor ’ s sole and exclus respons to determin whether a vendor person ’ s convict or sex offend statu ha a reason relationship to the individu ’ s fit or trustworthi to perform the servic or other work activ , subject to applic law on the consider of crimin convict in make employ decis . if howev a vendor person need to have physic entri onto the premis of an at & t custom , at & t may requir addit background inform about and/or drug screen for the vendor person , when requir by applic law , befor permit that individu to enter the custom ’ s premis . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( c ) upon discov that ani vendor person ha falsifi ani of hi or her social secur number , driver ’ s licens , educ credenti , employ histori , home address , and citizenship indicia , such vendor person shall not have access or perform work for at & t under thi agreement . vendor shall maintain record of all background check and drug screen perform for vendor person under thi agreement for the term of thi agreement , or for such shorter period if provid by applic law , for at & t to verifi complianc with thi section . 4.4 clean up . vendor at all time , and at it expens , shall keep at & t and it landlord ’ s premis safe and free from accumul of wast materi or rubbish caus by vendor ’ s oper . upon complet of the work , vendor shall , at it expens , remov promptli from the premis all of vendor ’ s implement , equip , tool , machin , surplu and wast materi and debri . if vendor fail to clean up as provid herein , at & t may hire anoth contractor to do so and charg the cost thereof to vendor or deduct same from at & t ’ s payment to vendor . 4.5 vendor ’ s audit financi statement . vendor shall provid to at & t ( or it third parti deleg ) , upon request and at no charg , it parent compani , atn intern , inc. ’ s bona fide and unedit : ( a ) financi statement for each quarter of each fiscal year dure the term of the build addendum and ( b ) audit fiscal year financi statement for each fiscal year dure the term hereof . 4.6 vendor personnel inform . in order to satisfi physic and network secur requir for at & t , which may includ both issuanc of a build access badg and pictur id badg to vendor personnel , vendor and/or it personnel agre to provid ani and all person inform requir by the at & t secur depart . thi inform includ , but is not limit to , social secur number . vendor personnel will not be author to perform work for at & t if vendor personnel refus to provid ani and all inform necessari to complet the process of issu a badg or acquir network access . at & t will not be requir to pay vendor for the time spent tri to acquir a badg or network access for vendor personnel while on premis at at & t . vendor is respons for notifi the at & t project manag of all vendor inform relat to new hire , termin or chang in inform . thi includ but is not limit to start date , end date and locat chang . 4.7 damag to properti . vendor assum full respons for ani damag or loss to at & t ’ s properti that may be caus by or result from ani tortiou act or omiss of vendor or ani person employ by or under contract with vendor . in the event of such damag , at & t may elect to have repair made by vendor , by at & t personnel , or by other contractor . in the event at & t shall elect to have vendor repair the damag , vendor shall promptli do so , at it own expens and to at & t ’ s satisfact . in the event at & t proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 shall elect to have the damag repair by it own personnel or other contractor , vendor shall reimburs at & t for the cost to it of such repair . if vendor caus damag to at & t ’ s properti , includ damag to copper or fiber cabl , vendor shall reimburs at & t for ani actual direct damag or loss incur in connect therewith . 4.8 disput resolut . ( a ) escal procedur . the parti agre to seek to resolv ani disput between the parti or otherwis aris out of thi agreement or an addendum in accord with the follow escal procedur befor commenc the arbitr procedur describ below . ( i ) the contact person of both parti shall work in good faith to tri to resolv the disput within twenti ( 20 ) day from the date that a parti first give notic that a disput ha occur . ( ii ) if the contact person fail to reach an agreement on the disput within twenti ( 20 ) day , the disput shall be refer to more senior person within the respect parti who shall tri to resolv the disput within a further twenti ( 20 ) day period . if no resolut is found each parti is entitl to commenc the arbitr proceed describ below . ( b ) arbitr . ani controversi or claim between the parti or otherwis aris out of or relat to thi agreement , or the breach thereof , other than ani action taken to enforc the right to payment of structur payment , shall be resolv by arbitr administ by the american arbitr associ under it commerci arbitr rule then in effect , and judgment on the award render by the arbitr ( s ) may be enter in ani court have jurisdict thereof . each of the parti herebi submit to the jurisdict of the unit state district court for the southern district of new york and of ani new york state court sit in new york , new york for purpos of all action taken to enforc the right to payment of the structur payment . ( c ) local . the hear shall be held at a mutual agre upon locat within the unit state at which the parti may present evid ( includ , without limit , wit and document ) and argument in support of their respect posit . if the parti can not agre upon an arbitr locat within 3 busi day , the arbitr shall be conduct in new york citi , new york . ( d ) award . the arbitr shall make a reason award which may includ an award of damag ( but may not includ attorney fee except in a case where a parti ha fail to defend or indemnifi the other parti where it had an oblig to do so pursuant to section 3.15 or 3.36 ) and said award shall be in write set forth the statement of fact to support their conclus and decis . the decis render by the arbitr will be final , conclus , and bind upon the parti , and ani judgment thereon may be enter and enforc in ani court of compet jurisdict . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( e ) continu of servic pend arbitr . vendor and at & t will continu to provid all servic and honor all other commit under thi agreement in accord with thi agreement dure the cours of resolut of disput and arbitr pursuant to thi agreement . 4.9 electron data interchang ( edi ) ( a ) the parti may exchang order , payment , acknowledg , invoic , remitt notic , and other record ( “ data ” ) electron , in place of tangibl document , and agre to exchang such data in accord with the telecommun industri forum edi guidelin for use of american nation standard institut ( ansi ) accredit standard committe x12 transact set , unless they mutual agre to a proprietari format or anoth standard such as extens markup languag ( xml ) . ( b ) the follow addit condit appli to ani such exchang : ( i ) garbl transmiss : if ani data is receiv in an unintellig , electron unread , or garbl form , the receiv parti shall promptli notifi the origin parti ( if identifi from the receiv data ) in a reason manner . in the absenc of such notic , the origin parti ’ s record of the content of such data shall control . ( ii ) signatur : each parti will incorpor into each edi transmiss an electron identif consist of symbol ( s ) or code ( s ) ( “ signatur ” ) . each parti agre that ani predetermin signatur of such parti includ in or affix to ani edi transmiss shall be suffici to verifi such parti origin , “ sign ” and “ execut ” such transmiss . no parti shall disclos to ani unauthor person the signatur of the parti hereto . ( iii ) statut of fraud : the parti expressli agre that all data transmit pursuant to thi claus shall be deem to be a “ write ” or “ in write ” for purpos of the uniform commerci code ( ucc ) . ani such data contain or have affix to it a signatur shall be deem for all purpos to : ( i ) to have been “ sign ” and “ execut ” ; and ( ii ) to constitut an “ origin ” when print from electron file or record establish and maintain in the normal cours of busi . ( iv ) method of exchang : exchang of data will be made by direct electron or comput system commun between at & t and vendor or by indirect commun use a third parti servic provid ( “ provid ” ) or valu ad network ( “ van ” ) to translat , forward and/or store such data . each parti shall be respons for the cost ( s ) and associ cost ( s ) of ani provid or van with which it contract . ( v ) when the parti are use edi , the requir of the edi system will govern and will control if in conflict with ani other provis of thi agreement . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 4.10 emerg work . in an emerg , at & t ’ s repres may oral request vendor to perform work . 4.11 hazard materi and regul substanc ( a ) if vendor or it subcontractor provid materi and/or servic in a state other than california , then subparagraph ( i ) through ( iv ) of thi subsect ( a ) shall appli . ( i ) a “ regul substanc ” as referenc in thi subsect is a gener term use to describ all materi that are regul by the feder or ani state or local govern dure transport , handl and/or dispos . thi includ , but is not limit to , materi that are regul as ( a ) “ hazard materi ” under the hazard materi transport act , ( b ) “ chemic hazard ” under the occup safeti and health administr ( osha ) standard , ( c ) “ chemic substanc or mixtur ” under the toxic substanc control act , ( d ) “ pesticid ” under the feder insecticid , fungicid and rodenticid act and ( e ) “ hazard wast ” as defin or list under the resourc conserv and recoveri act . ( ii ) vendor shall compli with all applic law , includ ani notic requir , regard ani materi order hereund which contain or consist of a regul substanc or ani servic order hereund which involv the handl , use , storag , recycl , dispos or transport of regul substanc . vendor shall notifi at & t and provid at & t with all necessari inform ( includ but not limit osha materi safeti data sheet ( msd ) ) at least thirti ( 30 ) day befor ship materi contain or consist of regul substanc to at & t or commenc the perform of servic for at & t involv the handl or use of regul substanc . each msd must includ inform indic the specif worker protect equip requir for use of the regul substanc cover therebi . ( iii ) at & t and vendor shall cooper concern the accept of ani materi contain or consist of a regul substanc or for servic involv the handl or use of regul substanc . vendor shall provid assist to at & t of an advisori natur in the handl and use of regul substanc provid hereund and the dispos of “ hazard wast ” , as defin by applic law ( “ hazard wast ” ) , result therefrom . ( iv ) vendor shall provid at & t with the same inform pertain to regul substanc in the materi and servic and use in the servic it provid to at & t or hazard wast result therefrom as vendor provid to vendor ’ s employe or agent involv in the disposit or treatment of such regul substanc or hazard wast . ( b ) if vendor or it subcontractor provid materi and/or servic in the state of california , then subparagraph ( i ) through ( vi ) of thi subsect ( b ) shall appli . ( i ) a “ regul substanc ” as refer to in thi subsect is a gener term use to describ all materi that are regul by feder or ani state or local govern dure transport , handl and/or dispos . these includ , but are not limit to , materi proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 that are regul as ( a ) “ hazard materi ” under the hazard materi transport act and the control of radioact contamin law , titl 8 of the california code of regul , section 5194 , and the hazard substanc inform and train act , ( b ) “ chemic hazard ” under the occup safeti and health administr ( osha ) standard , ( c ) “ chemic substanc and mixtur ” under the toxic substanc control act and “ chemic ” on the governor ’ s list known to the state of california to caus cancer , birth defect , and/or other reproduct harm , as that term is defin in the california safe drink water and toxic enforc act of 1986 ( “ proposit 65 ” ) , ( d ) “ pesticid ” under the feder insecticid , fungicid and rodenticid act , and ( e ) “ hazard wast ” as defin or list under the resourc conserv and recoveri act and the hazard wast control law . ( ii ) vendor shall compli with all applic law , includ ani notic requir , regard ani materi order hereund which contain or consist of a regul substanc or ani servic order hereund which involv the use , handl , storag , recycl , dispos or transport of regul substanc . vendor shall notifi at & t and provid at & t with all necessari inform ( includ but not limit osha materi safeti data sheet ( msd ) ) at least thirti ( 30 ) day befor ship materi contain or consist of regul substanc to at & t or commenc the perform of servic for at & t involv the handl or use of regul substanc . each msd must includ inform indic the specif worker protect equip requir for use with the regul substanc cover therebi . if the regul substanc is a chemic defin by proposit 65 , the msd for said chemic should indic that the chemic is one which is known to the state of california to caus cancer , birth defect or other reproduct harm . vendor shall maintain and distribut such inform upon request to at & t and/or ani other vendor at the same locat . ( iii ) at & t and vendor shall cooper concern the accept by at & t of ani materi consist of or contain a regul substanc or servic involv the use and handl of regul substanc . vendor shall provid assist to at & t of an advisori natur in the handl and use of hazard wast provid hereund and the dispos of hazard wast result therefrom . ( iv ) vendor shall provid at & t with the same inform pertain to regul substanc in or use in the materi and servic it provid to at & t or hazard wast as vendor provid to vendor ’ s employe or agent involv in the disposit or treatment of such regul substanc . ( v ) vendor shall , and shall requir it subcontractor to , issu warn in accord with proposit 65 for exposur to chemic cover by proposit 65 introduc by vendor or it subcontractor to personnel at at & t ’ s california facil , the public and at & t from the time vendor and/or it subcontractor enter at & t ’ s california facil and/or commenc perform servic through the complet of such perform . vendor shall , and shall requir it subcontractor to , warn at & t of ani exposur to chemic cover by proposit 65 , which may continu after vendor or it subcontractor have proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 complet the perform of servic . such warn may take the form of , but not be limit to , a msd for each such chemic . ( vi ) vendor is herebi warn in accord with proposit 65 that exposur to chemic may occur at at & t ’ s facil . vendor is also herebi warn that at & t pole may contain chemic known to the state of california to caus cancer in certain situat . if request , at & t shall make avail to vendor , it subcontractor , and ani of their employe , a msd for the chemic cover by proposit 65 , if ani , at at & t ’ s facil where vendor is provid servic or in pole which will be handl by or sold to vendor hereund . vendor shall issu appropri warn to inform and educ employe , agent , subcontractor , other invite and employe of ani of them , enter at & t ’ s facil or handl pole hereund of the abov inform in accord with applic law . 4.12 identif of vendor ’ s personnel and equip . vendor ’ s personnel , who may have contact with the public while perform work for at & t , shall carri and display upon request identif show that they are the employe of vendor . vendor ’ s personnel shall be respons for secur permiss to enter upon privat properti when entri is necessari to vendor ’ s perform of the servic . 4.13 independ contractor . vendor herebi repres and warrant to at & t that : ( a ) vendor is engag in an independ busi and will perform all oblig under thi agreement as an independ contractor and not as the agent or employe of at & t; ( b ) vendor ’ s personnel perform servic shall be consid sole the employe or agent of vendor and not employe or agent of at & t; ( c ) vendor ha and retain the right to exercis full control of and supervis over the perform of the servic and full control over the employ , direct , assign , compens and discharg of all personnel perform the services; and ( d ) vendor is sole respons for all matter relat to compens and benefit for all of vendor ’ s personnel who perform servic . thi respons includ , but is not limit to , ( i ) time payment of compens and benefit , includ , but not limit to , overtim , medic , dental , and ani other benefit , and ( ii ) all matter relat to complianc with all employ oblig to withhold employe tax , pay employe and employ tax , and file payrol tax return and inform return under local , state , and feder incom tax law , unemploy compens insur and state disabl insur tax law , social secur and medicar tax law , and all other payrol tax law or similar law with respect to all vendor personnel provid servic . vendor will indemnifi , defend , and hold at & t , it affili , and their respect agent and employe , harmless from and against all loss , aris out of or relat to vendor ’ s failur to compli with thi subsect ( d ) , in accord with the section titl “ indemnity. ” proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 4.14 inspect of materi . vendor shall inspect all materi use in the perform of the work , whether or not furnish by at & t , for defect or hazard condit which could caus properti damag , person injuri , or otherwis affect the qualiti of the work . vendor shall report all defect or hazard condit to an at & t repres as soon as the defect ha been identifi . 4.15 inspect of work . at & t may have inspector at the cell site to inspect the perform and qualiti of the work and to ensur vendor ’ s complianc with the plan and specif and with the term and condit of thi agreement . ani at & t inspector , employe or agent , howev , shall have no author to direct or advis vendor concern the method or manner by which the work is to be perform . vendor ha sole author , respons and control over the work and shall exercis it full respons as an independ contractor . 4.16 lien ( a ) at the time of locat accept ( or , if deliv thereaft , at the time of deliveri ) , the work ( includ the materi and servic provid ) shall be deliv to at & t free and clear of all lien of ani kind . follow locat accept of each cell site , if ani lien or notic of lien is record or stop notic is serv upon at & t for or in connect with labor perform upon , or for or in connect with furnish materi for use in , or for or in connect with furnish applianc , team or power contribut to , the work ( includ without limit lien secur indebted for money borrow or ani oblig for the defer purchas price of properti or servic relat to or in connect with the work ) , vendor shall promptli discharg ani such lien and shall furnish at & t with releas voucher or termin statement in settlement and satisfact of such lien in form satisfactori to at & t . if vendor doe not settl such a lien or caus the lien to be releas and discharg within a reason period of time , not to exceed sixti ( 60 ) day after the lien is file or assert , then at & t shall have the right to procur the discharg of the lien and , in such event , vendor shall reimburs at & t for all money paid by at & t to procur the discharg , includ cost and attorney ’ fee . at & t may requir vendor to prove payment of bill for servic , materi , or other thing furnish or done for the perform of the work , befor make payment to the vendor . at & t may request at the time of locat accept of each cell site that vendor furnish an affidavit , state that all bill in question have been paid in full , and that there are no outstand claim , admit or disput , except as state in the affidavit . at & t may request that vendor furnish receipt , releas and lien waiver , and lien termin releas ani lien . at & t reserv the right to pay ani undisput bill directli to such person to whom it is owe and offset the amount ( plu ani other amount permit under thi section ) pursuant to section 3.22 against ani amount payabl to vendor . ( b ) to the extent permit by applic state law , vendor agre that no mechan ’ s lien or other claim or claim in the natur of a lien or charg shall be file or maintain by vendor or by ani claimant claim through vendor against the real estat own by , leas by , licens to , or otherwis use or occupi by at & t , or against ani structur payment or mainten fee , and that such right to file ani such lien is herebi expressli waiv by vendor . vendor shall not serv or file ani notic or document , or take ani other action , which proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 would be a prerequisit for file a claim for ani lien . further , vendor shall includ the follow languag in ani of it contract or permit subcontract with person perform the work or furnish materi or servic : “ subcontractor agre that no mechan ’ s lien or other claim or claim in the natur of a lien or charg for materi , labor , servic or equip in connect with the servic shall be file or maintain by subcontractor or by ani claimant claim through subcontractor against real estat own by , leas by , licens to or otherwis use or occupi by vendor or at & t or against ani amount due to or come due from at & t to the gener contractor and that ani such right to file such lien , claim or charg is expressli waived. ” in the event that ani lien describ in thi section 4.16 ( b ) is file by vendor or it subcontractor and vendor doe not remov such lien within sixti ( 60 ) calendar day of written notif by at & t , at & t will have the right , but not the oblig , to pay such sum or take such action as it deem necessari to have such lien remov or discharg , and vendor shall indemnifi , defend and save at & t harmless from and against all result loss , includ attorney ’ fee . 4.17 notif of injuri or damag . vendor shall promptli notifi at & t of ani injuri , death , loss or damag to person , anim , or properti which is in ani way relat to the work perform under thi agreement , even though such occurr wa not caus or contribut to by vendor , it employe , or it agent . 4.18 protect of properti . vendor shall immedi report to at & t ’ s repres ani hazard or unusu condit or damag to ani properti caus or observ by vendor or vendor ’ s agent on or about the properti where the work is be perform . vendor agre to make reason effort to watch for ani type of unsatisfactori or unsaf plant condit in need of correct and report such to at & t ’ s repres . 4.19 releas void . neither parti shall requir waiver or releas by ani person or repres of the other parti for visit to it premis , and no such releas or waiver shall be plead by either parti in ani action or proceed . 4.20 remov and manag of use batteri . upon the effect date of thi agreement and thereaft vendor shall compli with the requir set forth in at & t ’ s appendix ba - remov and manag of use batteri ( “ rmub ” ) avail at http : //www.attsuppliers.com/misc/appendix-ba- removal-and-management-of-used- batteries.pdf and incorpor herein by refer . vendor further agre to compli with the term and condit of the rmub . vendor agre to cooper fulli with at & t , includ complet checklist , survey , or similar document , to ensur that ani manag , shipment , smelt , recycl , and/or dispos of use batteri by vendor and it subcontractor on behalf of at & t compli with the standard and requir set forth in the rmub . note that the rmub includ at & t ’ s requir that all lead acid proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 batteri use in the unit state may not be export outsid of the unit state for recycl , smelt , or other disposit . 4.21 resourc recoveri center . vendor and ani subcontractor it util to perform the servic will accur and complet fill out and sign ani necessari ship document on behalf of at & t or as an author agent of at & t prior to transport hazard wast , hazard materi , or univers wast off-sit for dispos . prior to leav ani at & t facil with such hazard wast , hazard materi , or univers wast for dispos off-sit , vendor shall sign and date ani requir ship document on behalf of at & t and provid a copi of the sign ship document to the respons at & t employe . vendor shall subsequ fax a copi of the final ship document ( with signatur ) to the at & t rrc for retent in the project file ( if applic ) and mail the origin gener copi to the rrc not more than fifteen ( 15 ) day after pick-up . document shall be mail to the appropri address as detail below : outsid of california : at & t servic inc. , attn : environ , health & safeti ( eh & s ) , resourc recoveri center ( rcc ) , one at & t way , room 2c140 , bedminst , nj 07921 -- phone : ( 800 ) 566- 9347 ( prompt 4 ) -- fax : ( 512 ) 646-3596 california : at & t servic inc. , attn : environ , health & safeti ( eh & s ) , resourc recoveri center ( rcc ) , p.o . box 5095 , room 3e000 , san ramon , ca 94583-0995 -- phone : ( 800 ) 566-9347 ( prompt 4 ) – fax : ( 925 ) 973-0584 . 4.22 safeti manag ( a ) vendor is respons for the safe perform of all servic provid hereund , and shall maintain a safeti program appropri to the servic be perform which compli with all law and ani requir applic to the servic . vendor shall have at least support membership statu ( as defin by nate ) with the nation associ of tower erector ( “ nate ” ) , or a successor organ approv by at & t , and shall be activ engag in implement best practic , safeti requir and train as advoc by the nate organ or such successor organ . further , vendor , it applic subcontractor and their respect tower crew are requir to be certifi by a train provid recogn by nate or such successor . addit , vendor shall ensur that all tower worker have compet climber certif as defin by osha . ( b ) at & t doe not undertak to provid vendor , it subcontractor or their employe or repres with a safe place to work . vendor is respons for provid such a safe place to work and shall not be reliev of it duti with regard to the safe perform of the servic by reason of ani conduct , act or omiss of ani inspector , employe or repres of at & t or it landlord or custom . vendor shall take all reason measur and precaut at all time to prevent ani bodili injuri ( includ death ) of it personnel , it subcontractor ’ personnel , and ani person who is on or near the premis where such work is be perform . vendor further agre to perform all work and furnish tool and equip that compli with known safeti regul , practic , and precaut , includ , but not limit to , regul under the occup safeti and health act of 1970 , as amend , or regul of ani feder , state or local author . vendor shall compli with the feder proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 commun commiss ( “ fcc ” ) regul that cover radio frequenc ( “ rf ” ) radiat safeti , includ ansi c95.1-1982 adopt by the fcc in 1986 , and 47 cfr 1.1310 rf maximum permiss exposur limit . vendor shall oper under an rf safeti program , and worker must be fulli awar and abl to exercis control over their exposur to rf field . vendor shall establish a safeti organ to implement safeti manag role and respons , which includ train content and descript , commun , inspect and audit , standard and criteria , and frequenc and time of aforement aspect of the safeti program . vendor shall develop a system to record and report tower crew personnel certif , osha , epa and other feder , state and local requir inform for environment and public health and safeti . vendor shall maintain staff necessari to provid function oversight and perform audit to ensur complianc at the nation , region , and market level . vendor shall provid a “ recoveri plan ” within thirti ( 30 ) day of experienc a work-rel or osha report “ major incid ” ( hospital/death ) . such plan shall identifi what specif failur contribut to the incid and what practic have been or will be implement to ensur that the incid doe not recur . in the event of conflict between the requir of thi subsect and ani vendor requir impos on it subcontractor , the stricter health and safeti requir of the two shall prevail . 4.23 technic support . vendor will provid , at no addit cost to at & t , full and complet technic assist to at & t for the materi and servic provis under thi agreement , includ ongo technic support and field servic and assist , and telephon assist to assist with instal , oper , mainten and problem resolut as set forth in the term of the mainten addendum . the avail or perform of thi technic support will not be constru as alter or affect vendor ’ s oblig as set forth in the “ warranti ” section or as provid elsewher in thi agreement . field servic and technic support , includ emerg support ( servic affect ) , will be avail on call twenty-four ( 24 ) hour a day . vendor will provid to at & t , and keep current , an escal document that includ name , titl and telephon number , includ after-hour telephon number , of vendor personnel respons for provid technic support to at & t . vendor will maintain a streamlin escal process to speed resolut of report problem . 4.24 testimoni . matter relat to work under thi agreement may be at issu befor variou government bodi . vendor agre to have appropri member of it compani will to testifi at appropri time at no addit cost , regard ani aspect of the work , unless otherwis mutual agre upon by the parti . 4.25 at & t data and at & t deriv data ( big data ) ( a ) definit . for purpos of thi section : ( i ) “ at & t data ” mean ani data or inform ( i ) of at & t or it custom , that is disclos or provid to vendor by , or otherwis obtain by vendor from , at & t or ani of it custom , includ custom inform and custom proprietari network inform ( as that term is defin in section 222 of the commun act of 1934 , as amend , 47 u.s.c . § 222 ) , as well as data and inform with respect to the busi , custom , proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 oper , network , system , facil , product , rate , regulatori complianc , competitor , consum market , asset , expenditur , merger , acquisit , divestitur , bill , collect , revenu and financ of at & t; and ( ii ) not suppli by at & t or ani of it custom but creat , gener , collect or harvest by vendor either ( a ) in further of thi agreement or ( b ) as a result of vendor ’ s have access to at & t infrastructur , system , data , hardwar , softwar or process ( for exampl , through data process input and output , servic level measur , or ascertain of network and system inform ) . ( ii ) “ at & t deriv data ” mean ani data or inform that is a result of ani modif , adapt , revis , translat , abridg , condens , compil , evalu , expans or other recast or process of the at & t data , for exampl , as a result of vendor ’ s observ , analysi , or visual of at & t data aris out of the perform of vendor ’ s oblig hereund . ( b ) ownership of at & t data and at & t deriv data . ( i ) at & t data is the properti of at & t . to the extent need to perfect at & t ’ s ownership in at & t data , vendor herebi assign all right , titl and interest in at & t data to at & t . no transfer of titl in at & t data to vendor is impli or shall occur under thi agreement . at & t data shall not be ( a ) util by vendor for ani purpos other than as requir to fulfil it oblig under thi agreement , ( b ) sold , assign , leas , commerci exploit or otherwis provid to or access by third parti , whether by or on behalf of vendor , ( c ) withheld from at & t by vendor , or ( d ) use by vendor to assert ani lien or other right against or to it . vendor shall promptli notifi at & t if vendor believ that ani use of at & t data by vendor contempl under thi agreement or to be undertaken as part of the perform of thi agreement is inconsist with the preced sentenc . ( ii ) at & t shall own all right , titl and interest in and to the at & t deriv data . to the extent need to perfect at & t ’ s ownership in at & t deriv data , vendor herebi assign all right , titl and interest in at & t deriv data to at & t . at & t grant to vendor a licens to access , use , and copi the at & t deriv data , with no right to grant sublicens , sole for the perform of vendor ’ s oblig dure the term of thi agreement and sole in complianc with at & t ’ s privaci polici , includ oblig relat to custom inform . for the avoid of doubt , vendor shall not creat or develop at & t deriv data after the expir or termin of thi agreement . ( iii ) vendor shall promptli deliv at & t data and at & t deriv data to at & t at no cost to at & t , and in the format , on the media and in the time prescrib by at & t ( i ) at ani time at at & t ’ s request , ( ii ) at the expir or termin of thi agreement and the complet of ani request termin assist servic or ( iii ) with respect to particular at & t data or at & t deriv data , at such earlier date that such data is no longer requir by vendor to perform the servic . thereaft , vendor shall return or destroy , as direct by at & t , all copi of the at & t data and at & t deriv data in vendor ’ s possess or under vendor ’ s control within ten ( 10 ) busi day and deliv to at & t written certif of such return or destruct sign by an offic of vendor . proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 ( iv ) the provis of thi section shall appli to all at & t data and at & t deriv data , regardless of whether such data wa first disclos or otherwis provid to , or creat , develop , modifi , recast or process by , vendor befor , on or after the effect date of thi agreement , and shall surviv the expir or termin of thi agreement . vendor shall secur at & t data and at & t deriv data pursuant to the provis applic to at & t inform under the section titl “ at & t supplier inform secur requir ( sisr ) . ” vendor ’ s oblig to return at & t data and at & t deriv data upon at & t ’ s request shall not appli to such data which , at the time of at & t ’ s request for return , is no longer retain by or on behalf of vendor . 4.26 busi continu plan . vendor shall maintain and upon at & t ’ s request , promptli furnish to at & t supplier ’ s busi continu plan that compli with the requir set forth in appendix f - busi continu plan requir ( bcpr ) avail at http : //attsuppliers.com/downloads/business-continuity- plan-requirements-bcpr.pdf , and incorpor herein by refer , which may be chang from time to time by at & t . 4.27 chang in law . if at & t becom awar of ani chang in law or propos chang in law , or there occur a chang in law , that ha or reason would be expect to have an advers impact on the aggreg cost or aggreg benefit of transact contempl by thi agreement to at & t ( includ without limit by caus at & t to incur tax , cost , loss or expens as a result of or in connect with the transact contempl by thi agreement that are increment to those that would have been incur by at & t in the absenc of such chang in law ) , then at & t may , as promptli as reason practic , inform the vendor in write of the chang in law or anticip chang in law and the impact or expect impact to at & t ( a “ chang in law notic ” ) . within fifteen ( 15 ) day after at & t ’ s deliveri of a chang in law notic , vendor and at & t shall meet in good faith to formul an action plan to mitig , minim or elimin the impact of such chang in law on at & t , which , upon the parti ’ mutual agreement , may includ restructur the transact contempl by thi agreement , and/or adjust ( s ) to price , fee and cost or materi or servic hereund . 4.28 foss ( a ) for purpos of thi section , “ foss ” mean ani and all freewar , open sourc softwar or sharewar use or includ in , or combin by or on behalf of vendor with , the deliver or otherwis provid by or on behalf of vendor under thi agreement; and a “ foss disclosur ” mean a complet , current , and accur list of all foss , which identifi for each foss compon : ( i ) the compon name; ( ii ) it version or releas number; ( iii ) it web site url of origin; ( iv ) the applic softwar licens and it version number; ( v ) the url where vendor identifi or set forth the applic softwar license; ( vi ) a brief ( e.g. , one- line ) descript of the purpos of the component; and ( vii ) how the compon is link within the deliver or as otherwis provid . a foss disclosur may be provid in the form of a web site made access to at & t where vendor post the forego inform . ( b ) upon at & t ’ s request vendor shall promptli , but in ani event within thirti ( 30 ) day of such request , furnish to at & t a foss disclosur that is complet , current and accur when proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 furnish . neither respons nor non-respons by at & t concern the receipt or non-receipt of ani foss disclosur or ani refer to foss in the agreement shall be deem as accept , approv or acquiesc by at & t that vendor ’ s use of the foss compli with the legal requir of applic foss licens ( s ) , or is suitabl for the intent and purpos furnish hereund . after receiv ani foss disclosur , at & t may , upon written notic to vendor , ask vendor to use altern foss ( or other altern softwar ) , if reason warrant to avert a risk that the right of at & t or it third-parti contractor in ani proprietari softwar may be compromis . in that event , if vendor can not or will not use such altern foss , then at & t may immedi termin the relev purchas or fund commit under thi agreement , without further cost , expens or liabil to at & t . ( c ) vendor repres and warrant to at & t : ( i ) that vendor ha satisfi all it oblig to ani third parti with respect to all foss and the applic foss licens ( includ , for exampl , ani oblig to make publicli avail the foss sourc code for modif to such foss ) ; ( ii ) that the foss , in the form provid to at & t , is suitabl for the intent and purpos furnish hereunder; ( iii ) that use of the foss in such form for such intent and purpos in no manner creat ani ad oblig on the part of at & t ( includ , for exampl , the payment of ani addit moni ) , or diminish , condit or elimin ani of the right , titl , or interest that vendor grant at & t in or to ani deliver or that vendor may otherwis provid at & t under thi agreement; and ( iv ) that use of the foss in such form for such intent and purpos , includ , but not limit to , at & t ’ s use or combin of the foss , in the form provid to at & t , with ani proprietari softwar of at & t or at & t ’ s third-parti contractor , doe not subject at & t to ani oblig of disclosur or distribut to ani third parti or to the public of ani such proprietari softwar , or otherwis make such proprietari softwar subject to the term of ani foss licens or impair at & t ’ s or it third-parti contractor ’ right , titl , or interest in or to such proprietari softwar . ( d ) in the event that at & t notifi vendor or vendor becom awar of vendor ’ s noncompli with ani foss licens term , then in either case , vendor shall use all reason effort promptli to cure such noncompli so as to elimin risk of public disclosur of proprietari softwar and prevent disrupt of ani at & t busi activ . vendor shall promptli notifi at & t of all action taken by vendor to cure such noncompli . should at & t receiv notic from ani third parti alleg act or omiss which , notwithstand at & t ’ s use of the foss for the intent and purpos furnish hereund , constitut noncompli with ani foss licens term , then promptli upon at & t ’ s notic to vendor of such alleg , vendor shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless at & t against such alleg in accord with vendor ’ s oblig to do so as set forth elsewher in thi agreement , in a manner that preserv ani proprietari softwar of at & t or it third-parti contractor from ani public disclosur oblig or ani other foss licens noncompli alleg . 5.1 execut of agreement 5.1 transmiss of origin signatur and execut multipl counterpart . origin signatur transmit and receiv via facsimil or other electron transmiss of a proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 scan document ( e.g. , pdf or similar format ) are true and valid signatur for all purpos hereund and shall bind the parti to the same extent as that of origin signatur . thi agreement may be execut in multipl counterpart , each of which shall be deem to constitut an origin but all of which togeth shall constitut onli one document . [ signatur page follow ] proprietari and confidenti thi agreement and inform contain therein is not for use or disclosur outsid of at & t , it affili , and third parti repres , and vendor except under written agreement by the contract parti . sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019 in wit whereof , the parti have caus thi agreement to be execut as of the date the last parti sign . commnet wireless , llc at & t mobil llc by at & t servic , inc. , it author repres by : /s/ joseph moravec by : /s/ susan a. johnson print name : joseph moravec print name : susan a. johnson titl : presid titl : evp , global connect & suppli chain date : juli 31 , 2019 date : juli 31 , 2019 sourc : atn intern , inc. , 10-q , 11/8/2019