execut version amend n° 01 to the global mainten agreement ref . ds/c-3957/14 issu 7 date march 9th , 2015 between azul linha aérea brasileira s/a and avion de transport region , g.i.e . azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version tabl of content : claus . definit 2. amend 3. effect date and durat 4. confidenti 5. govern law - arbitr 6. miscellan azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version confidenti treatment request thi amend ( hereinaft refer to as the “ amend ” ) is enter into on januari 6th , 2016. between : azul linha aérea brasileira s/a , a compani incorpor under the law of brazil , the regist offic of which is locat at avenida marco penteado de ulhôa rodrigu , 939 - edif . castello branco offic park - torr jatobá - 9° andar - cep 06460-040 - alphavil industri - barueri - são paulo - brazil , identifi under cadastro nacion de pessoa juridica ( cnpj ) number 09.296.295/0001-60 . hereaft refer to as the “ compani ” or “ azul ” , on the one part , and : avion de transport region , g.i.e. , a french groupement d ’ intérêt économiqu establish under articl l.251-1 to l251-23 of the french commerci code , whose regist offic is at 1 allé pierr nadot , 31712 blagnac , franc identifi under corpor and trade regist of toulous number 323 932 236 , hereaft refer to as the “ repair ’ or “ atr ” , on the other part . hereinaft individu refer to as the “ parti ” or collect as the “ parti ” recit : wherea the repair and the compani enter into a global mainten agreement as referenc here abov ( as amend and supplement from time to time , hereaft refer to as the “ gma ” ) for the purpos of provid the compani with servic for the mainten of the aircraft; and , wherea in consider of modif of the oper , the repair and the compani agre to amend the gma in order to updat the number of [ ] requir for the invoicing; and , wherea the parti wish to amend certain provis of the gma upon the term and condit set out below . now therefor , it is herebi agre as follow : [ ] confidenti materi redact and file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version confidenti treatment request 1. definit unless otherwis defin , capitalis term , singular or plural , use in thi amend , shall have the same mean ascrib thereto in the gma . 2. amend the follow claus , sentenc or word of the gma are amend as follow : 2.1 claus 12 – invoic and payment term ( i ) claus 12.1 ( ii ) of the gma shall be cancel and substitut as follow : [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] ( ii ) ani other provis of claus 12 shall remain in full forc and effect . 2.2 exhibit 14 – price condit ( i ) claus 3.2 of the exhibit 14 of the gma shall be cancel and substitut as follow : “ 3.2 technic condit for price adjust the price set out in thi exhibit 14 shall be modifi everi [ ] at the occas of the invoic reconcili pursuant to claus 11 ( “ reconcili ” ) if the standard oper of the [ ] confidenti materi redact and file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version confidenti treatment request aircraft , analyz at the time of the adjust ( all calcul are made with figur correspond to [ ] , chang by more or less [ ] with respect to the estim valu of the same paramet , consid at the time of commenc of the term . as from the date thi agreement enter into forc , the parti agre to take into account the follow basic oper paramet ( the “ standard oper ” ) as a refer for the abov calcul : ( i ) [ ] - [ ] ( ii ) [ ] - [ ] ( ii ) ani other provis of the exhibit 14 shall remain in full forc and effect . 3. effect date and durat thi amend shall enter into forc on the date of it signatur by both parti and , unless otherwis agre upon in write by the parti through a subsequ amend to the gma , shall remain in forc for the term of the referenc gma . 4. confidenti 4.1 confidenti oblig unless otherwis provid in thi amend , ani confidenti inform releas by either of the parti ( the “ disclos parti ” ) to the other parti ( the “ receiv parti ” ) shall not be releas in whole or in part to ani third parti . in particular , the receiv parti undertak : - to keep the confidenti inform strictli confidenti , not to deliv , disclos or publish it to ani third parti includ subsidiari compani and compani have an interest in it capit , except as otherwis agre in write by the disclos party; - to use the confidenti inform sole for the purpos of thi amend and except as otherwis expressli agre in write by the disclos parti , not to use the same or permit it use for ani other purpose; - to disclos the confidenti inform onli to those of it direct employe have a need to know such confidenti inform in order to make permit use thereof , after have beforehand clearli inform such employe of the strictli confidenti natur of the confidenti inform and caus them to observ said condit of confidenti . the receiv parti shall be respons for the correct perform of said oblig of confidenti by it employe and shall keep up to date the list of it personnel , to whom confidenti inform is commun , which list shall be made avail to the disclos parti at it request; - not to duplic the confidenti inform nor to copi or reproduc the same beyond the purpos of the amendment; - not to disclos confidenti inform to ani third parti , unless such third parti is act at the instruct of the receiv parti and such disclosur is reason necessari to accomplish the purpos of the amend , provid howev , that prior to ani such disclosur both of the follow condit are satisfi : [ ] confidenti materi redact and file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version ( i ) each of such third parti , shall have sign an acknowledg to keep such confidenti inform as strictli confidential; and , ( ii ) the receiv parti shall have obtain written prior approv of the disclos parti of such propos disclosur , which approv may be not unreason withheld or delay . - promptli notifi the disclos parti if a disclosur of confidenti inform is requir by a govern entiti or by law and to use all reason effort to assist the disclos parti in limit such disclosur to the extent permit by law; - upon discoveri of ani disclosur of confidenti inform , regardless of whether such discoveri is intent or inadvert , the receiv parti shall promptli notifi the disclos parti and take all reason action ( i ) to retriev the disclos confidenti inform , ( ii ) to destroy ani unauthor copi thereof and ( iii ) to stop further disclosur . 4.2 non applic of confidenti oblig the oblig of receiv parti with respect to confidenti inform as set forth in thi claus 4.1 abov shall not be applic to inform which : ( a ) upon the sign date wa part of the public domain or becam part of the public domain after the disclosur , other than by a violat of the amend or ani other non-disclosur amend or the applic law of ani jurisdiction; or ( b ) wa alreadi law known by the receiv parti , as evidenc by written record bear an unquestion date , prior the sign date by the disclos parti and wa unrestricted; or ( c ) wa law disclos to the receiv parti subsequ to the signatur of the amend by a third parti which had not receiv the same directli or indirectli from the disclos parti and that such disclosur doe not violat ani non-disclosur amend . 4.3 permit disclosur of confidenti inform notwithstand ani provis to the contrari in the amend , the receiv parti shall be entitl to disclos confidenti inform if requir to do so : ( a ) by order of a court or govern agenc of compet jurisdiction; or ( b ) by ani applic law , provid , howev , that prior to make such disclosur , the receiv parti shall if possibl advis the disclos parti of the circumst requir such disclosur in order to afford the disclos parti suffici advanc notic to permit to rais ani object that it may deem appropri . 4.4 disclos parti ’ s proprietari right ani confidenti inform shall remain the properti of the disclos parti . the amend shall not be constru as grant or confer to the receiv parti , either expressli or by implic , ani licens or proprietari interest in or to ani confidenti inform nor ani right of use beyond the purpos of thi amend . the repair , it affili and/or it subcontractor as applic shall remain the exclus owner of ani intellectu properti right relat to the servic includ : design of the lru , main element , job card , task card , oper manual or industri process , as relev . no titl to or other ownership interest in azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version confidenti treatment request the confidenti inform is transfer except as specif state in the amend , and the receiv parti herebi expressli disclaim ani such right or interest . the receiv parti herebi acknowledg and recognis that confidenti inform is protect by copyright law and relat intern treati provis , as the case may be . 4.5 for the sake of clariti , and for the purpos of thi claus 4 and thi amend , ani of the receiv parti ’ s affili and their subcontractor shall not be consid as third parti and shall be entitl to have access to ani confidenti inform disclos by the disclos parti in connect with thi amend . 4.6 thi claus 4 shall surviv termin or expiri of thi amend for a period of five ( 5 ) year follow such end date . 5. govern law - arbitr 5.1 govern law : pursuant to and in accord with section 5-1401 of the new york gener oblig law , the parti hereto agre that thi amend in all respect , and ani claim or caus of action base upon or aris out of thi amend , or ani deal between the parti relat to the subject matter of thi amend or the transact contempl herebi or the company/repair relationship be establish , shall be govern by , and constru in accord with , the law of the state of new york , u.s.a. as appli to contract to be perform wholli within the state of new york ( exclus of section 7-101 of the new york gener oblig law which is inapplic to thi amend ) . 5.2 arbitr : in the event of a disput aris out of or relat to thi amend , includ without limit disput regard the exist , valid or termin of thi amend ( a “ disput ” ) , either parti may notifi such disput to the other through servic of a written notic ( the “ notic of disput ” ) . the parti shall make their reason endeavour to settl the disput amic by a committe compos of one ( 1 ) manag repres of each parti ( the “ repres ” ) . such committe shall be creat by the parti within [ ] from the date of receipt of the notic of disput . 5.2.1 subject to sub-claus 5.2.5 below and in the event the repres ( i ) fail to creat such committe or ( ii ) do not agre on an amic settlement within [ ] from the date the committe refer to in thi sub-claus 5.2 ha been creat or such longer period as may be agre upon in write by the repres ( the “ amic settlement period ” ) , the disput shall be exclus and final settl under the rule and concili of arbitr of the intern chamber of commerc ( the “ icc ” ) by an arbitr tribun compos of three ( 3 ) arbitrators; each parti shall then appoint one ( 1 ) arbitr within [ ] from the last day of the amic settlement period and the third arbitr , who will act as presid , will be appoint by the other two ( 2 ) arbitr . in case the two ( 2 ) arbitr appoint by the parti do not agre on thi choic with [ ] from the date the last arbitr is appoint , the third arbitr will be appoint by the icc court . 5.2.2 the arbitr , and ani proceed , and meet incident to or relat to the arbitr process , shall take place in new york , u.s.a , and the languag to be use in the arbitr proceed shall be english; arbitr award shall be final and bind upon the parti . 5.2.3 the arbitr shall be kept confidenti and the exist of the proceed and ani element of it shall not be disclos to ani third parti . ani inform relat to and/or document gener for the purpos of or produc in the arbitr , includ ani award , shall remain confidenti [ ] confidenti materi redact and file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version between the parti , the arbitr and ani other person involv in the arbitr proceed , except to the extent that disclosur may be requir pursuant to ani order of court or other compet author or tribun , or to protect or pursu a legal right or to enforc or challeng an award in bona fide legal proceed befor a state court or other judici author . 5.2.4 dure ani period of negoti or arbitr , the parti shall continu to meet their respect oblig in accord with the provis of the amend . 5.2.5 notwithstand ani provis of thi claus 5.2 the parti may , at ani time , seek and decid to settl a disput either through direct negoti or in accord with the icc rule in respect of the altern disput resolut . 5.3 judgment upon ani award may be enter in ani court have jurisdict or applic may be made to the court for a judici recognit of the award or an order of enforc , as the case may be . 5.4 recours to jurisdict is expressli exclud except as provid for in the icc rule of concili and arbitr concern conservatori and interim measur . 6. miscellan 6.1 thi amend contain the entir agreement between the parti regard the subject-matt and shall supersed ani previou understand , commit and/or represent whatsoev oral or written . 6.2 in case of ani inconsist between the term of the gma and thi amend regard the subject-matt , the latter shall prevail . to the extent not inconsist with thi amend , all term and condit of the gma shall remain valid and bind . 6.3 thi amend shall not be vari or modifi except by a written document duli sign by duli author repres of both parti . azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017 execut version in wit whereof , the duli author repres of the parti hereto have agre to execut thi amend in two ( 2 ) origin copi in the english languag . on behalf of : /s/ renato covelo on behalf of : azul linha aérea brasileira s/a ( the compani ) avion de transport region ( the repair ) sign by : renato covelo sign by : m. castoriwa function : attorney in fact function : vp commerci date : decemb 18th , 2015 date : januari 6th , 2016 azul – atr amend n° 1 global mainten agreement /9 sourc : azul sa , f-1/a , 3/3/2017