exhibit 2.6 final version form of manufactur and suppli agreement by and between pfizer inc. and upjohn inc. date as of [ ● ] sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 tabl of content . definit 2. suppli of product 2.1 agreement to suppli 2.2 use of facil , equip , mold and tool 2.3 capac 2.4 forecast and purchas order 2.5 failur to suppli 2.6 delivery; risk of loss 2.7 procur of materi 2.8 product sampl 2.9 storag 2.10 transit support 3. price; payment; price adjustments; tax 3.1 price 3.2 price adjust 3.3 cost improv 3.4 price review and audit procedur 3.5 invoic and payment 3.6 tax 3.7 no duplic payment 4. manufactur standard and qualiti assur 4.1 qualiti agreement 4.2 manufactur standard 4.3 manufactur chang 4.4 pest control 4.5 legal and regulatori file and request 4.6 qualiti test and check 4.7 respons for non-compli product 4.8 reject of non-compli product 4.9 dispos of reject and non-compli product 4.10 mainten and retent of record 4.11 govern inspect , seizur and recal 4.12 inspect 4.13 segreg of restrict compound 4.14 packag materi 5. coven 5.1 mutual coven 5.2 manufactur coven 5.3 manufactur ’ s social respons -ii- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 tabl of content ( continu ) .4 notic of materi event 5.5 disclaim of warranti 6. environment coven 6.1 complianc with environment law 6.2 permit , licens and author 6.3 gener of hazard wast 6.4 environment sustain inform 6.5 environment and health and safeti review 7. term; termin 7.1 term of agreement 7.2 term of facil addendum 7.3 termin for caus 7.4 termin for disposit of facil 7.5 termin in event of insolv 7.6 termin for breach of anti-briberi represent 7.7 termin for conveni by custom 7.8 effect of termin or expir 7.9 unus materi 7.10 return of materi , tool and equip 8. intellectu properti 8.1 custom ’ s intellectu properti 8.2 improv and develop 8.3 ownership of other properti 8.4 limit right to use 9. joint advisori committe 9.1 format and role 9.2 membership; chair 9.3 meet 9.4 area of respons 9.5 advisori role; no decision-mak author 10. indemnification; limit of liabil 10.1 indemnif of custom 10.2 indemnif of manufactur 10.3 indemnif procedur 10.4 limit on liabil 10.5 indemnif oblig net of insur proce and other amount 10.6 addit matter -iii- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 tabl of content ( continu ) . insur 11.1 requir to maintain 11.2 amount and limit 12. customer-suppli materials; buy-sel materials; transit 12.1 supply; rejection; transit 12.2 titl and risk of loss 12.3 reimburs for loss of customer-suppli materi 13. confidenti 14. suppli chain secur 14.1 suppli chain represent 14.2 c-tpat 15. record and audit 15.1 record 15.2 audit 16. notic 17. miscellan 17.1 negoti of disput 17.2 public 17.3 govern law and venu 17.4 relationship of the parti 17.5 assignment; bind effect 17.6 forc majeur 17.7 sever 17.8 non-waiver; remedi 17.9 further document 17.10 form 17.11 headings; interpret 17.12 rule of construct 17.13 counterpart 17.14 amend 17.15 entir agreement attach a form of facil addendum attach b qualiti agreement attach c monthli inventori report attach d anti-briberi and anti-corrupt principl attach e polici attach f exampl product materi adjust calcul attach g exampl price calcul of volum chang price adjust -iv- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 manufactur and suppli agreement thi manufactur and suppli agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) , date as of [ ● ] ( the “ effect date ” ) , is by and between pfizer inc. , a delawar corpor ( hereinaft “ manufactur ” ) , and upjohn inc. , a delawar corpor ( hereinaft “ custom ” ) . manufactur and custom may be refer to herein individu as a “ parti ” or collect as the “ parti ” . w i t n e s s e t h : wherea , pfizer inc. ( “ pluto ” ) and upjohn inc. ( “ spinco ” ) have enter into a separ and distribut agreement , date as of juli 29 , 2019 ( as amend , modifi or supplement from time to time in accord with it term , the “ separ agreement ” ) , pursuant to which pluto and spinco have agre to separ the spinco busi from the pluto busi so that , as of the distribut date , the spinco busi shall be held by member of the spinco group and the pluto busi is held by member of the pluto group ( the “ separ ” ) ; wherea , after the separ , spinco shall becom a standalon publicli trade compani , pursuant to the term of the separ agreement and a busi combin agreement , date as of juli 29 , 2019 ( the “ busi combin agreement ” ) , by and among pluto , spinco , mylan n.v. , a public compani with limit liabil incorpor under the law of the netherland , and certain of their affiliates; and wherea , in connect with the separ , the parti are enter into thi agreement , pursuant to which custom desir to procur from manufactur , and manufactur desir to suppli or caus one of it affili to suppli to custom , product for sale by custom or it affili in the territori dure the term , upon the term and subject to the condit set forth herein . now , therefor , in consider of these premis and the coven and agreement set forth herein , and intend to be legal bound therebi , the parti herebi agre as follow : 1. definit . as use in thi agreement , the follow capit term shall have the mean set forth below . capit term not otherwis defin in thi agreement shall have the mean ascrib to such term in the separ agreement . 1.1 “ account method ” mean u.s. gener accept account principl ( gaap ) or , if otherwis agre by the parti , an altern account method use in the ordinari cours of busi . 1.2 “ act ” mean the u.s. feder food , drug , and cosmet act , as amend . 1.3 “ action ” mean ani demand , action , claim , disput , suit , countersuit , arbitr , inquiri , subpoena , proceed or investig of ani natur ( whether crimin , civil , legisl , administr , regulatori , prosecutori or otherwis ) by or befor ani feder , state , local , foreign or intern government author or ani arbitr or mediat tribun . sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.4 “ addit quantiti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.4 ( c ) . 1.5 “ affect product ” shall have the mean set forth in section 10.4 ( a ) . 1.6 “ affili ( s ) ” mean , when use with respect to a specifi person , a person that control , is control by , or is under common control with such specifi person . as use herein , “ control ” ( includ , with correl mean , “ control by ” and “ under common control with ” ) , when use with respect to ani specifi person shall mean the possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag and polici of such person , whether through the ownership of vote secur or other interest , by contract , agreement , oblig , indentur , instrument , leas , promis , arrang , releas , warranti , commit , undertak or otherwis . it is expressli agre that , from and after the effect date , sole for purpos of thi agreement ( a ) each member of the spinco group shall be deem to not be an affili of ani member of the pluto group and ( b ) each member of the pluto group shall be deem to not be an affili of ani member of the spinco group . 1.7 “ agreement ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.8 “ api ” mean activ pharmaceut ingredi . 1.9 “ batch size ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.4 ( e ) ( ii ) . 1.10 “ bind forecast period ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.4 ( b ) . 1.11 “ bulk drug product ” mean product that ha been manufactur into a final pharmaceut product follow a specif formul and set of specif , includ drug substanc ( e.g. , tablet or granul ) for administr to human but ha not been packag for use or for commerci . 1.12 “ busi combin agreement ” shall have the mean set forth in the recit . 1.13 “ busi day ” mean ( a ) ani day other than a saturday , sunday or a day on which bank institut are author or oblig by law to be close in new york , new york or ( b ) with respect to those activ specif to a facil , ani day other than ani day on which bank locat in the citi and countri in which the facil is locat are author or oblig to be close . 1.14 “ buy-sel materi ” mean the materi that custom sell to manufactur for use in manufactur product for custom under the term of thi agreement and as set forth in the applic facil addendum . for the avoid of doubt , buy-sel materi are distinguish from and exclus of both product materi and customer-suppli materi . -2- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.15 “ conflict miner ” shall have the mean set forth in section 5.3 ( c ) . 1.16 “ convers cost markup ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.5 ( e ) . 1.17 “ convers cost ” mean , with respect to a given product , ( a ) direct and indirect labor cost , ( b ) equip cost , includ depreci , ( c ) laboratori and qualiti control cost at the applic facil , includ product test and on-go stabil studi , ( d ) qualiti assur cost , ( e ) gener site and manufactur support cost for resourc that support the manufactur of the applic product ( includ util , wareh , consum , mainten , engin , safeti , human resourc , financ , inform technolog , plant manag and other similar activ , capit improv in the form of depreci , an alloc of cost for abov site servic provid to the applic facil for resourc that support the manufactur of the applic product and an allow for inventori loss , in each case , at the facility-level ) , ( f ) cost paid to third parti manufactur for the manufactur and suppli of such product ( or compon thereof ) , ( g ) all cost associ with the perform of manufactur ’ s oblig under section 4.6 , includ all activ , test and check set forth therein , and ( h ) cost paid to third parti contractor for servic provid in connect with the manufactur and suppli of such product , in each case associ with such product . 1.18 “ cpp ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.5 ( a ) . 1.19 “ c-tpat ” mean the customs-trad partnership against terror program of the u.s. bureau of custom and border protect . 1.20 “ c-tpat benefit ” mean the expect benefit afford to import that have join c-tpat relat to substanti fewer of their import be inspect and , henc , fewer suppli chain delay . 1.21 “ current good manufactur practic ” or “ cgmp ” mean all applic standard and applic law ( as defin below ) relat to manufactur practic for product ( includ ingredi , test , storag , handl , intermedi , bulk and finish product ) promulg by the fda or ani other applic government author ( includ , without limit , eu or member state level ) have jurisdict , includ , but not limit to , standard in the form of applic law , guidelin , advisori opinion and complianc polici guid and current interpret of the applic author or agenc thereof ( as applic to pharmaceut and biolog product and ingredi ) , as the same may be updat , supplement or amend from time to time . 1.22 “ custom ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.23 “ custom indemnifi parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 10.1 ( a ) . 1.24 “ customer-own improv and develop ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.2 ( b ) . -3- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.25 “ custom properti ” mean all intellectu properti , togeth with all materi , data , write and other properti in ani form whatsoev , which is ( a ) own or control by custom or it affili as of and follow the effect date and ( b ) provid to manufactur by or on behalf of custom or it personnel under thi agreement . 1.26 “ customer-suppli materi ” mean the materi suppli by custom to manufactur under the term of thi agreement and as set forth in the applic facil addendum . for the avoid of doubt , customer-suppli materi are distinguish from and exclus of both product materi and buy-sel materi . 1.27 “ deliveri ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.6 ( a ) . 1.28 “ develop ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.2 ( a ) . 1.29 “ effect date ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.30 “ environment law ” mean ani law relat to ( a ) human or occup health and safety; ( b ) pollut or protect of the environ ( includ ambient air , indoor air , water vapor , surfac water , groundwat , wetland , drink water suppli , land surfac or subsurfac strata , biota and other natur resourc ) ; or ( c ) exposur to , or use , gener , manufactur , process , manag , treatment , recycl , storag , dispos , emiss , discharg , transport , distribut , label , presenc , possess , handl , releas or threaten releas of , ani hazard or toxic materi , substanc or wast and ani law relat to recordkeep , notif , disclosur , registr and report requir respect hazard or toxic materi , substanc or wast . 1.31 “ environment liabil ” mean ani liabil aris under environment law . 1.32 “ exclus purchas requir ” mean , on a product sku-by-product sku and country-bi countri basi within the applic territori , ( a ) in the first two ( 2 ) year of the initi term , one hundr percent ( 100 ) of custom ’ s total requir for such product sku and ( b ) in the third ( 3rd ) year of the initi term , fifti percent ( 50 ) of custom ’ s total requir for such product sku; provid , howev , that ( x ) such quantiti of product reason procur by custom to qualifi a back-up supplier for such product shall be exclud from the exclus purchas requir , and ( y ) for the avoid of doubt , custom may commerci such quantiti of product procur under ( x ) abov without violat the applic exclus purchas requir or relat provis in section 2.1 ( e ) . 1.33 “ exclus purchas requir suspens period ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.5 ( b ) . -4- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.34 “ exclus period ” mean the three ( 3 ) year period immedi follow the effect date , as such period may be earlier termin pursuant to thi agreement . 1.35 “ extens period ” shall have the mean ( a ) with respect to thi agreement , as set forth in section 7.1 and ( b ) with respect to a facil addendum , as set forth in section 7.2 . 1.36 “ facil ” mean , with respect to a given product , manufactur ’ s manufactur facil locat at the address set forth in the applic facil addendum for such product and such other facil permit pursuant to thi agreement and ani applic facil addendum to be use by manufactur in the manufactur , packag or storag of ( a ) such product or ( b ) materi util in the manufactur or storag of such product hereund . 1.37 “ facil addendum ” mean a document execut by the parti or their respect affili for one or more product to be manufactur in a facil pursuant to thi agreement , which shall be substanti in the form of attach a to thi agreement . 1.38 “ facil convers cost ” mean , with respect to a given facil and fiscal year , the sum of all product convers cost for product manufactur for custom or the applic affili of custom at such facil dure such fiscal year . 1.39 “ facil convers cost adjust fiscal year ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( b ) ( i ) . 1.40 “ facil convers cost baselin fiscal year ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( b ) ( i ) . 1.41 “ facil convers cost threshold ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( b ) ( i ) . 1.42 “ facil disposit ” shall have the mean set forth in section 7.4 . 1.43 “ facil actual product materi cost ” mean , with respect to a given facil and fiscal year , the sum of all actual cost of product materi for product manufactur for custom or the applic affili of custom at such facil dure such fiscal year . 1.44 “ facil estim product materi cost ” mean , with respect to a given facil and fiscal year , the sum of all estim cost , as determin in good faith by manufactur and notifi to custom prior to the begin of such fiscal year , of product materi for product manufactur for custom or the applic affili of custom at such facil dure such fiscal year . 1.45 “ famili rel ( s ) ” mean a parent , spous , child or sibl ( includ ani such relationship form by marriag ) . -5- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.46 “ fda ” mean the u.s. food and drug administr or ani successor agenc . 1.47 “ finish product ” mean product that ha been packag for commerci and distribut to patient incorpor bulk drug product . 1.48 “ firm order ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.4 ( b ) . 1.49 “ fiscal year ” mean each twelve-month fiscal period commenc on januari 1 with respect to facil locat in the unit state and decemb 1 for all other facil , in each case , dure the term . 1.50 “ forc majeur event ” shall have the mean set forth in section 17.6 . 1.51 “ forecast ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.4 ( b ) . 1.52 “ form ” shall have the mean set forth in section 17.10 . 1.53 “ global trade control law ” mean all applic econom sanction , export and import control law , regul and order . 1.54 “ govern ” mean all level and subdivis of u.s. and non-u.s. govern ( i.e. , local , region or nation and administr , legisl or execut ) . 1.55 “ govern offici ” mean ( a ) ani elect or appoint government offici ( e.g. , a member of a ministri of health ) , ( b ) ani employe or person act for or on behalf of a government offici , agenc or enterpris perform a government function , ( c ) ani candid for public offic , polit parti offic , employe or person act for or on behalf of a polit parti or candid for public offic or ( d ) ani person otherwis categor as a govern offici under local law . as use in thi definit , “ govern ” is meant to includ all level and subdivis of u.s. and non-u.s. govern ( i.e. , local , region or nation and administr , legisl or execut ) . 1.56 “ government author ” mean ani nation or govern , ani state , municip or other polit subdivis thereof , and ani entiti , bodi , agenc , commiss , depart , board , bureau , court , tribun or other instrument , whether feder , state , local , domest , foreign or multin , exercis execut , legisl , judici , tax , regulatori , administr or other similar function of , or pertain to , govern and ani execut offici thereof . 1.57 “ hazard materi ” mean ( a ) ani petroleum or petroleum product , radioact materi , toxic mold , radon , asbesto or asbestos- contain materi in ani form , lead-bas paint , urea formaldehyd foam insul or polychlorin biphenyls; and ( b ) ani chemic , materi , substanc , compound , mixtur , product or byproduct , biolog agent , live or genet modifi materi , pollut , contamin or wast that are now or hereaft becom defin , regul or character as or includ in the definit of “ hazard substanc , ” “ hazard wast , ” “ hazard materi , ” “ extrem hazard wast , ” “ restrict hazard wast , ” “ special wast , ” “ toxic substanc , ” “ pollut , ” “ contamin , ” “ toxic , ” “ danger , ” “ corros , ” “ flammabl , ” “ reactiv , ” “ radioact , ” or word of similar import , under ani environment law . -6- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.58 “ improv ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.2 ( a ) . 1.59 “ increment ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.4 ( e ) ( ii ) . 1.60 “ indemnifi parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 10.3 ( a ) . 1.61 “ indemnite ” shall have the mean set forth in section 10.3 ( a ) . 1.62 “ indemn payment ” shall have the mean set forth in section 10.5 ( a ) . 1.63 “ in-flight or share volum product ” mean those product identifi as such in a facil addendum . 1.64 “ initi price ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( a ) . 1.65 “ initi price term ” mean , with respect to a product set forth in a facil addendum , the period of time begin on the effect date and end on the last day of the first full fiscal year of the term of such facil addendum . 1.66 “ initi term ” shall have the mean ( a ) with respect to thi agreement , set forth in section 7.1 and ( b ) with respect to a facil addendum , set forth in section 7.2 . 1.67 “ insolv parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 7.5 . 1.68 “ insur proce ” mean those moni ( a ) receiv by an insur from an insur carrier; ( b ) paid by an insur carrier on behalf of the insured; or ( c ) receiv ( includ by way of setoff ) from ani person in the natur of insur , contribut or indemnif in respect of ani liabil , in each of case ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) , net of ani applic premium adjust ( includ reserv or retent and retrospect rate premium adjust ) and net of ani cost or expens incur in the collect thereof . 1.69 “ intellectu properti ” mean all intellectu properti right throughout the world , includ : ( a ) patent and patent applic and all relat provision , division , continu , continuations-in-part , reissu , reexamin , extens and substitut of ani of the foregoing; ( b ) trademark , servic mark , name , corpor name , trade name , domain name , social media name , tag or handl , logo , slogan , trade dress , design right , and other similar design of sourc or origin , togeth with the goodwil symbol by ani of the forego , whether or not regist or appli for registr , includ common law trademark rights; ( c ) copyright and copyright subject matter , whether or not regist or appli for registration; ( d ) technic , scientif , regulatori and other inform , design , idea , invent ( whether patent or unpatent and whether or not reduc to practic ) , research and develop , discoveri , result , -7- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 creation , improv , know-how , techniqu and data ( includ biolog , chemic , pharmacolog , toxicolog , pharmaceut , physic and analyt , safeti , qualiti control , manufactur and preclin and clinic data ) , technolog , algorithm , procedur , plan , process , practic , method , trade secret , instruct , formula , formul , composit , specif , and market , price , distribut , cost and sale inform , tool , materi , apparatu , creation , improv , work of authorship in ani media , confidenti , proprietari or nonpubl inform , and other similar materi , and all record , graph , draw , report , analys and other write , and other tangibl embodi of the forego in ani form whether or not list herein , in each case , other than software; ( e ) software; and ( f ) applic , registr and common law right for the forego . 1.70 “ jac chair ” shall have the mean set forth in section 9.2 ( b ) . 1.71 “ jac meet ” shall have the mean set forth in section 9.3 ( a ) . 1.72 “ jac member ” shall have the mean set forth in section 9.2 ( a ) . 1.73 “ joint advisori committe ” or “ jac ” shall have the mean set forth in section 9.1 . 1.74 “ late payment date ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.5 . 1.75 “ latent defect ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.8 ( a ) . 1.76 “ law ” mean ani u.s. and non-u.s. feder , nation , intern , multin , supran , state , provinci , local or similar law ( includ common law and privaci and data protect law ) , statut , ordin , regul , rule , code , order , treati ( includ ani tax treati on incom or capit ) , bind judici or administr interpret or other requir or rule of law or legal process , in each case , enact , promulg , issu , enter or otherwis put into effect by a government author or ani rule or requir of ani secur exchang . 1.77 “ loss ” mean ani and all damag , loss , defici , liabil , tax , oblig , penalti , judgment , settlement , claim , payment , fine , charg , interest , cost and expens , whether or not result from third-parti claim , includ the cost and expens of ani and all action and demand , assess , judgment , settlement and compromis relat thereto and the reason cost and expens of attorney ’ , account ’ , consult ’ and other profession ’ fee and expens incur in the investig or defens thereof or the enforc of right hereund . 1.78 “ make to order product ” mean all product that are identifi as “ make to order product ” in the applic facil addendum . 1.79 “ manufactur ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . -8- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.80 “ manufactur indemnifi parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 10.2 ( a ) . 1.81 “ manufacturer-own improv and develop ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.2 ( c ) . 1.82 “ manufactur third parti supplier ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.7 ( a ) . 1.83 “ manufactur chang ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.3 ( a ) . 1.84 “ minimum order quantiti ” shall have the mean set forth in the applic facil addendum with respect to each product . 1.85 “ non-compli buy-sel materi ” mean ani buy-sel materi that , as of or prior to it deliveri by or on behalf of custom or it affili to manufactur or it affili or designe pursuant to thi agreement , doe not compli in all materi respect with , or ha not been use , handl or store in all materi respect in accord with , the specif for such buy-sel materi , all applic law , cgmp , the qualiti agreement , thi agreement or the applic facil addendum . 1.86 “ non-compli customer-suppli materi ” mean ani customer-suppli materi that , as of or prior to it deliveri by or on behalf of custom or it affili to manufactur or it affili or designe pursuant to thi agreement , doe not compli in all materi respect with , or ha not been use , handl or store in all materi respect in accord with , the specif for such customer-suppli materi , all applic law , cgmp , the qualiti agreement , thi agreement or the applic facil addendum . 1.87 “ non-compli product ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.7 . 1.88 “ parti ” or “ parti ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.89 “ person ” mean an individu , a gener or limit partnership , a corpor , a trust , a joint ventur , an unincorpor organ , a limit liabil entiti , ani other entiti and ani government author . 1.90 “ personnel ” mean , with respect to a parti , such parti ’ s affili , contractor and agent togeth with such parti ’ s and it affili ’ , contractor ’ and agent ’ respect individu employe , contractor and other agent . 1.91 “ pluto ” shall have the mean set forth in the recit . 1.92 “ price ” mean , with respect to a product : ( a ) dure the initi price term , the initi price of such product; and -9- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( b ) after the initi price term , the adjust price for such product , as calcul on a fiscal year basi , in accord with section 3.2 . 1.93 “ product ” mean a product specifi in the applic facil addendum which , for the avoid of doubt , includ all applic sku of such product , in each case , as the same may be amend from time to time by the mutual written agreement of the parti . 1.94 “ product convers cost ” mean , with respect to a given product , the total unit of such product anticip to be ship or actual ship , as applic , dure a given fiscal year ( determin in a manner consist with manufactur ’ s customari practic ) multipli by the per-unit convers cost for such product for such fiscal year . 1.95 “ product materi ” mean all raw materi ( includ , without limit , activ pharmaceut ingredi and excipi ) , label or packag materi and compon need for the manufactur and suppli of a given product . for the avoid of doubt , product materi are distinguish from and exclus of both buy-sel materi and customer-suppli materi . 1.96 “ product sku ” mean the specif stock keep unit ( sku ) number for a given product suppli for sale in a given countri or region in the applic territori , in each case , as such sku number may be updat from time to time . 1.97 “ purchas order ” mean a written or electron order form submit by custom in accord with the term of thi agreement to manufactur author the manufactur and suppli of a given product . 1.98 “ qualiti agreement ” mean those supplement qualiti provis set forth in ani qualiti agreement between manufactur and custom relat to a facil , as the same may be amend or modifi from time to time by mutual written agreement of the parti . the form of qualiti agreement for each facil is attach hereto as attach b . 1.99 “ recal ” mean a “ recal ” , “ correct ” or “ market withdraw ” and shall includ ani post-sal warn or mail of inform . 1.100 “ receiv site ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.10 ( a ) . 1.101 “ record retent period ” shall have the mean set forth in section 15.1 . 1.102 “ record ” mean ani book , document , account procedur and practic and other data , regardless of type or form , of all matter relat to manufactur ’ s perform of it oblig under thi agreement that enabl manufactur to demonstr complianc with such oblig , includ , without limit , manufactur ’ s complianc with applic law . -10- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.103 “ regulatori approv ” mean the permit , approv , consent , registr , licens , author or certif of a government author necessari for the manufactur , distribut , use , promot and sale of a product for one or more indic in a countri or other regulatori jurisdict , includ approv of new drug applic and biolog licens applic ( each as defin by applic law ) in the unit state and market author ( as such term is defin by applic law ) in the european union . 1.104 “ releas ” mean ani releas , spill , emiss , leak , dump , pump , inject , pour , deposit , dispos , discharg , dispers , leach or migrat into or through the indoor or outdoor environ ( includ ambient air , surfac water , groundwat , land surfac or subsurfac strata , soil and sediment ) or into , through or within ani properti , build , structur , fixtur or equip . 1.105 “ restrict market ” mean , as applic and as may be updat from time to time , in each case , under global trade control law , the crimean peninsula , cuba , the donbass region , iran , north korea , and syria . 1.106 “ restrict parti ” mean ani : ( a ) individu or entiti place on list maintain by an applic government author , includ those establish under the act , the list of exclud individu / entiti publish by the u.s. health and human servic offic of inspector gener , the regul administ by the u.s. depart of the treasuri offic of foreign asset control , the u.s. depart of commerc bureau of industri and secur , or similar list of restrict parti maintain by the government author of the countri that have jurisdict over the activ conduct under thi agreement; ( b ) individu or entiti suspend or debar from contract with the u.s. government; or ( c ) ani entiti in the aggreg own or control , directli or indirectli , fifti percent ( 50 ) or greater by one or more such individu or entiti describ in claus ( a ) . 1.107 “ separ ” shall have the mean set forth in the recit . 1.108 “ separ agreement ” shall have the mean set forth in the recit . 1.109 “ serial ” mean the assign of a uniqu identif code on a given product unit or product unit of sale at the primari , secondari and/or tertiari level for the purpos assur authent and/or track and trace of the movement of a given product through the entir suppli chain . 1.110 “ servic tax ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.6 ( b ) . 1.111 “ specif ” mean the specif for the manufactur , process , packag , label , test and test procedur , ship , storag and suppli of a given product , includ all formula , know-how , raw materi requir , analyt procedur and standard of qualiti control , qualiti assur and sanit , set forth with respect to such product in the applic regulatori approv ( s ) and provid by custom to manufactur . -11- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 1.112 “ spinco ” shall have the mean set forth in the recit . 1.113 “ standard cost ” mean , with respect to a given product in a given fiscal year , an amount equal to : ( a ) the cost of product materi ( includ the cost of activ ingredi , intermedi , semi-finish materi , excipi and primari and secondari packag ) associ with such product ( “ standard product materi cost ” ) ; and ( b ) the convers cost for such product ( “ standard convers cost ” ) , in each case of claus ( a ) and ( b ) , calcul in accord with manufactur ’ s account polici in effect as of the effect date and appli consist across manufactur ’ s entir manufactur oper for the full applic facil . depreci will be base on origin acquisit cost of fix asset , and not impact by fair valu account for busi transact . 1.114 “ technic support ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.10 ( a ) . 1.115 “ term ” shall have the mean ( a ) with respect to thi agreement , as set forth in section 7.1 and ( b ) with respect to a facil addendum , as set forth in section 7.2 . 1.116 “ territori ” mean , with respect to a given product , the countri set forth in the applic facil addendum for such product . 1.117 “ third parti ” mean a person other than manufactur , custom or their respect affili . 1.118 “ third-parti claim ” shall have the mean set forth in section 10.3 ( a ) . 1.119 “ trigger event ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.5 ( a ) . 1.120 “ vat ” mean ( a ) ani tax impos in complianc with the council direct of 28 novemb 2006 on the common system of valu ad tax ( ec direct 2006/112 ) ; and ( b ) ani other tax of a similar natur , howev denomin , to the tax refer to in claus ( a ) abov , whether impos in a member state of the european union in substitut for , or levi in addit to , the tax refer to in claus ( a ) abov , or impos elsewher ( includ good and servic tax , but exclud transfer tax , stamp duti and other similar tax ) . 1.121 “ vmr product ” mean all product that are identifi as “ vmr product ” in the applic facil addendum . 1.122 “ wast ” mean all wast that aris from the manufactur , handl or storag of product hereund , or which is otherwis produc through the implement of thi agreement , includ hazard materi . -12- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 2. suppli of product . 2.1 agreement to suppli . ( a ) affili and facil addenda . either the entiti design abov as custom or ani affili of custom and either the entiti design abov as manufactur or ani affili of manufactur may enter into facil addenda under thi agreement . the entiti that execut a facil addendum are also deem to be “ custom ” and “ manufactur ” ( respect ) for all purpos of the facil addendum and thi agreement ( with respect to the applic facil addendum ) . ( b ) suppli pursuant to facil addenda . dure the term of each facil addendum , manufactur shall manufactur and suppli product to custom for the territori applic to such product on the term and subject to the condit of thi agreement and the applic facil addendum . the term of thi agreement shall be incorpor by refer into each facil addendum that may be execut by the parti or , as describ in section 2.1 ( a ) , their respect affili . dure the term of thi agreement , custom may request that manufactur manufactur and suppli to custom clinic trial materi , and the parti shall negoti in good faith the term and condit of such manufactur and suppli arrang appli the term and condit of thi agreement to the extent mutual agreeabl . ( c ) hierarchi of terms; effect of amend . in the event of a conflict between the term of ani facil addendum and the term of thi agreement , the term of thi agreement shall govern and control , except to the extent that the applic facil addendum expressli and specif state an intent to supersed a specif section of thi agreement on a specif matter . ani amend to the term of thi agreement contain in a facil addendum shall be effect sole with respect to such facil addendum , and not with respect to thi agreement or ani other facil addendum . ani amend to the term of thi agreement shall be effect with respect to all facil addenda . except to the extent otherwis expressli state in thi agreement , in the event of a conflict between the term of thi agreement and the term of the separ agreement , the term of the separ agreement shall govern and control . ( d ) use of subcontractor . subject to section 2.2 ( a ) , manufactur shall manufactur and suppli product itself or through it affili , in each case , at the applic facil ( and such other facil as may be specifi in the applic facil addendum with respect to applic product ) . with respect to those third-parti contractor , subcontractor or servic provid use by manufactur or it affili in the manufactur or suppli of a given product immedi prior to the effect date , manufactur may engag such third-parti contractor , subcontractor or -13- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 servic provid to perform the same activ for such product under thi agreement without first obtain custom ’ s prior written consent . for the avoid of doubt , the use of ani third-parti contractor , subcontractor or servic provid other than in the manner expressli permit pursuant to thi section 2.1 ( d ) must be approv in advanc in write by custom , such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . manufactur shall be liabl for all action and omiss of it contractor , subcontractor and servic provid , and ani breach of the term and condit of thi agreement by such contractor , subcontractor or servic provid shall be deem a breach of the term and condit by manufactur under thi agreement . for the avoid of doubt , as of the effect date , as between manufactur and custom , manufactur will be sole respons for maintain and establish relationship with the third-parti contractor , subcontractor or servic provid use in the manufactur or suppli of product ( other than the manufactur or suppli of buy-sel materi or customer-suppli materi ) . ( e ) exclus . ( i ) custom exclus . dure the exclus period , on a product sku-by-product sku and country-by-countri basi within the applic territori , custom shall purchas from manufactur , in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement , at least the exclus purchas requir of it requir for such product sku in such country; provid , howev , that in-flight or share volum product shall be exclud from the exclus requir set forth in thi section 2.1 ( e ) ( i ) . follow the exclus period ( and dure the exclus period , with respect to product sku quantiti in excess of the exclus purchas requir in accord with the preced sentenc ) , noth in thi agreement shall prevent custom or ani of it affili from manufactur product for itself , or have product manufactur by a third parti , includ in amount in addit to the purchas order for product issu to manufactur in accord with thi agreement . for clariti and notwithstand anyth contain herein , noth in thi section 2.1 ( e ) ( i ) ( a ) is intend to be inconsist with section 2.4 ( e ) ( i ) or to otherwis indic that custom is subject to ani requir to purchas product under thi agreement or ( b ) is intend to prevent custom from qualifi a back-up supplier for ani product dure the exclus period . -14- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( ii ) upon request by manufactur , which manufactur may make from time to time dure the term but not more than onc dure ani quarter of a fiscal year , custom shall provid to manufactur within thirti ( 30 ) day of such request a certif attest to custom ’ s complianc with it exclus purchas requir oblig pursuant to section 2.1 ( e ) ( i ) and sign by a repres of custom with a titl of vice presid or more senior . 2.2 use of facil , equip , mold and tool . ( a ) facil . for each product , manufactur shall perform all manufactur activ and all storag activ at the facil set forth in the facil addendum applic to such product . manufactur may use ani other facil for the manufactur and storag of product if ( i ) such facil ha been approv for such manufactur by all applic government author and ( ii ) manufactur obtain custom ’ s prior written consent with respect to the use of such other facil as set forth in section 4.3 ( a ) ( such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay ) . the parti shall agre to either execut a new facil addendum or amend an exist facil addendum in order to includ such facil . manufactur shall notifi custom of it intent to use ani altern facil as soon as reason practic . ( b ) purchas and instal of equip , dedic chang part and tool . subject to thi section 2.2 ( b ) , manufactur shall be respons for ( i ) purchas , instal and valid at the facil all new equip , dedic chang part and tooling; ( ii ) modif to exist equip , dedic chang part and tool necessari for the manufactur , packag , label and deliveri of product hereunder; and ( iii ) mainten of all such equip , dedic chang part and tool , and all cost and expens associ therewith; provid that in no event shall manufactur be requir to purchas ani new equip , instal ani equip purchas or request by custom or add ( or , for clariti , alloc or dedic ) ani addit manufactur or storag capac in connect with custom ’ s request for addit capac for manufactur or for other activ to be carri out by manufactur hereund not otherwis expressli provid for hereund or in an applic facil addendum . if custom make such a request for addit equip or capac , then the parti shall promptli meet and discuss custom ’ s request in good faith , includ an appropri alloc of cost between the parti with respect thereto . 2.3 capac . subject to section 2.2 ( b ) , manufactur shall devot adequ manufactur capac to be capabl of manufactur and suppli product to custom in accord with the provis of thi agreement and the facil addenda . manufactur shall promptli notifi custom if manufactur reason believ it exist capac and demand thereon would prevent it from meet custom ’ s anticip product requir as set forth in ani forecast that conform to the requir set forth in section 2.4 . -15- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 2.4 forecast and purchas order . ( a ) vmr product forecast and purchas order . with respect to the vmr product , the process and mechan by which forecast are prepar and purchas order are issu shall be as set forth in the applic facil addenda and the remaind of thi section 2.4 shall not appli with respect to such vmr product as applic . ( b ) make to order product forecast . except as otherwis set forth in a facil addendum , in each calendar month dure the term of a facil addendum , custom shall provid to manufactur a roll product sku-level forecast of it estim requir of make to order product for the eighteen ( 18 ) -month period commenc with the month in which such forecast is provid ( each , a “ forecast ” ) . in the event custom deliv a forecast where the alloc of product requir over the time period of the forecast are not consist with histor trend , at manufactur ’ s request , the parti will meet to discuss the forecast in good faith in the context of previou alloc of product requir . such forecast repres custom ’ s reason estim of the quantiti of product it will requir dure the applic period cover by each such forecast . except as otherwis set forth in a facil addendum , each forecast shall be a non-bind forecast and for inform purpos onli , except that : ( i ) the portion of such forecast cover the first three ( 3 ) calendar month reflect therein ( the “ bind forecast period ” ) shall be bind and shall constitut a firm order for the quantiti of each product specifi therein ( each , a “ firm order ” ) , ( ii ) each of month four ( 4 ) through six ( 6 ) of a given forecast may not differ by more than twenty-f percent ( 25 ) ( whether posit or neg ) from the quantiti of such product set forth in those month in the previou forecast , and ( iii ) each of month seven ( 7 ) through twelv ( 12 ) of a given forecast may not differ by more than fifti percent ( 50 ) ( whether posit or neg ) from the quantiti of such product set forth in those month in the previou forecast . for the avoid of doubt , ( 1 ) thi subsect ( b ) appli to forecast for api and bulk drug product and ( 2 ) the forecast with respect to finish product shall appli to the roll-up level of the bulk drug product that is incorpor into the finish product . ( c ) make to order purchas order . manufactur shall provid product to custom pursuant to purchas order issu by custom to manufactur , which purchas order will be issu on a product sku-by-product sku basi , not to exceed one ( 1 ) purchas order per product sku per calendar month unless otherwis agre between the parti in advanc in write . no verbal commun or e-mail shall be constru to mean a commit to purchas product . custom shall be requir to order -16- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 pursuant to a purchas order at least the amount of product set forth in the firm order for such product in the applic calendar month . manufactur shall provid to custom such quantiti of product as may be order by custom pursuant to such purchas order , up to one hundr ten percent ( 110 ) of the quantiti set forth in the most recent forecast for the applic period . in the event that custom order quantiti of product abov one hundr ten percent ( 110 ) of the quantiti set forth in the most recent forecast for the applic period ( such quantiti abov one hundr ten percent ( 110 ) refer to as “ addit quantiti ” ) , manufactur shall use it commerci reason effort , but shall not be oblig , to suppli such addit quantiti . for purpos of thi paragraph , the most recent forecast for ani given month shall mean the forecast submit by custom in the month prior to the month in which the applic purchas order is issu . all purchas order shall specifi the quantiti and descript of product order , the applic facil where such product will be deliv , the requir deliveri date ( subject to the provis of section 2.4 ( d ) ) , and the manner of deliveri ( includ the carrier to be use ) . ( d ) deliveri date . unless expressli set forth to the contrari in a facil addendum , custom will issu purchas order for product no later than a period equal to the bind forecast period prior to the requir deliveri date . by way of exampl onli , if the bind forecast period is the first three ( 3 ) month of a forecast with respect to a product , then custom will issu purchas order for such product no later than three ( 3 ) month prior to the requir deliveri date . ( e ) no minimum purchas obligation; minimum order quantiti . ( i ) no oblig . without limit custom ’ s oblig under section 2.1 ( e ) , 2.4 ( b ) , 2.4 ( c ) , 2.4 ( d ) or 2.4 ( e ) ( ii ) , manufactur herebi acknowledg and agre that custom is not otherwis oblig to purchas ani minimum or specif quantiti , volum or dollar amount of product under ani facil addendum unless expressli set forth in the applic facil addendum . ( ii ) minimum order quantiti . notwithstand section 2.4 ( e ) ( i ) , custom acknowledg and agre that ( a ) each purchas order custom place hereund for product that is either api or bulk drug product shall be equal to , or a whole multipl of , the batch size for such applic product as set forth in the applic facil addendum and ( b ) each purchas order that custom place hereund for product that is finish product shall be equal to or greater than the minimum order quantiti for such applic product as set forth in the applic facil addendum; provid that , where custom place purchas order under ( b ) abov that exceed the applic minimum order quantiti , custom shall -17- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 place such purchas order for such excess quantiti in increment abov the minimum order quantiti as specifi in the applic facil addendum . as use herein , “ batch size ” mean the product quantiti for a given run of a product sku and “ increment ” mean the quantiti step chang abov the applic minimum order quantiti , in each case , as specifi in the applic facil addendum . ( f ) accept and reject of order . within ten ( 10 ) busi day of receipt of a purchas order , manufactur may reject such purchas order by written notic to custom onli on the basi that it is inconsist with the term of thi agreement , includ a purchas order contain ( i ) a deliveri schedul that is inconsist with section 2.4 ( d ) , ( ii ) a product quantiti that is inconsist with section 2.4 ( e ) ( ii ) , ( iii ) a product quantiti that is less than the firm order for the applic period or ( iv ) subject to section 2.4 ( c ) , a product quantiti that is more than one hundr ten percent ( 110 ) of the forecast for the applic period . manufactur shall be deem to have accept custom ’ s purchas order for product in the event it either ( a ) indic it accept of custom ’ s purchas order in write or ( b ) doe not indic it reject of a purchas order within ten ( 10 ) busi day of receipt pursuant to thi section 2.4 ( f ) . ( g ) chang to purchas order . purchas order , onc submit to manufactur , may be amend onli by mutual written agreement of the parties; provid that manufactur shall exercis it commerci reason effort to compli with propos amend to purchas order that custom may request after send a purchas order to manufactur . ( h ) cancel . in the event that custom cancel all or part of a purchas order ( provid that a cancel shall be deem to have occur to the extent that custom fail to issu a purchas order with respect to the full amount of product contempl by ani portion of a forecast with respect to the bind forecast period ) and such cancel is not due to manufactur ’ s breach of thi agreement or ani facil addendum , manufactur will use good faith effort to realloc capac and mitig ani result cost of such cancel and , unless otherwis set forth with respect to the relev cancel product under the applic facil addendum , custom will be charg for one hundr percent ( 100 ) of ani and all non-cancel third-parti cost actual and reason incur by manufactur in accord with thi agreement prior to cancel for materi or servic relat to the cancel portion of the purchas order for which reason accept document is submit by manufactur to custom . -18- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( i ) conflict . in the event of ani conflict between the provis of thi agreement and ani custom purchas order , manufactur ’ s accept form or manufactur ’ s invoic form or ani similar such form , the provis of thi agreement shall govern and control . ( j ) product inventori as of effect date . promptli follow the effect date , manufactur shall provid custom with a product inventori report organ by facil , lot number , remain shelf life , and such other data point with respect to such product inventori as custom may request . for the avoid of doubt , ( i ) manufactur shall be entitl to fill purchas order with such inventori that compli with the term and condit of thi agreement , includ section 5.2 , and ( ii ) the parti shall meet to discuss in good faith the disposit of all such product inventori that doe not meet the criteria set forth in ( i ) abov . 2.5 failur to suppli . ( a ) capac alloc . in the event that manufactur fail to manufactur and deliv product in accord with accept purchas order or applic specif , manufactur shall notifi custom promptli , includ detail of the reason for the failur and manufactur ’ s estim timelin of when the failur will be correct . manufactur shall be sole respons for undertak commerci reason measur to minim ani shortag of product deliv to custom as a result of such manufactur issu . if manufactur fail to manufactur and deliv product in accord with accept purchas order or applic specif by the deliveri date specifi in the applic purchas order ( s ) in accord with section 2.4 ( d ) , other than due to a forc majeur event , ( i ) for a period of two ( 2 ) or more month past such deliveri date four ( 4 ) or more time in ani roll twelv ( 12 ) month period , or ( ii ) for a period of four ( 4 ) or more month past such deliveri date on one occas ( each of ( i ) and ( ii ) , a “ trigger event ” ) , then manufactur shall use it best effort to alloc on a quarterli basi it manufactur capac and product materi to the manufactur and suppli of product for custom on a ratabl basi base on the use of each dure the twelv ( 12 ) -month period immedi preced such trigger event ( or either ( 1 ) the term of the applic facil addendum , if the term is less than twelv ( 12 ) month , or ( 2 ) such other period set forth in the applic facil addendum ) ; provid that ( a ) if custom ’ s minimum order quantiti for the applic product ( s ) exce it ratabl alloc of manufactur capac or product materi ( as applic ) for the applic quarter , custom shall continu to accru it alloc of capac until such quarter when custom ’ s alloc of capac is equal to or greater than it accru alloc of capac and ( b ) thi section 2.5 ( a ) shall not appli to the extent that custom fail to time provid adequ customer-suppli materi or buy-sel materi to manufactur in accord with section 12. for the avoid of doubt , manufactur shall notifi custom promptli in write of ani anticip trigger event when manufactur ha reason to believ that such trigger event is like to occur and provid such inform with respect to such anticip trigger event as custom may reason request . -19- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( b ) suspens of the exclus purchas requir . in the event of a trigger event , custom ’ s exclus purchas requir with respect to each and everi product that is the subject of the trigger event shall be temporarili suspend until such time as manufactur notifi custom that manufactur is abl to resum the manufactur and suppli of the subject product ( s ) on the term and condit of thi agreement ( such period refer to as the “ exclus purchas requir suspens period ” ) ; provid that , ( i ) dure such exclus purchas requir suspens period , custom shall use commerci reason effort to limit it order for the subject product ( s ) to the quantiti specifi in the last forecast that preced the trigger event for the applic period ( s ) and promptli notifi manufactur in the event and to the extent that custom ’ s order exceed such quantiti specifi in such forecast and ( ii ) custom shall be entitl to take deliveri of product ( s ) order dure the exclus purchas requir suspens period even if such deliveri is schedul for or actual occur subsequ to the exclus purchas requir suspens period . ( c ) modif of the exclus purchas requir . upon the expir of the exclus purchas requir suspens period , custom shall use commerci reason effort to resum order from manufactur , on a product-by-product basi , the subject product ( s ) in accord with custom ’ s exclus purchas requir dure the exclus period . ( d ) busi continu . manufactur shall maintain a written busi continu plan to be abl to assur suppli of product to custom in the event of a disrupt to suppli from the primari locat or facil of manufactur , includ ani disrupt result from a forc majeur event and make such plan avail from time to time upon custom ’ s request . ( e ) remedi . custom shall have the right to termin thi agreement on an affect product-by-affect product basi immedi upon written notic to manufactur in the event a trigger event ( under claus ( ii ) thereof ) continu for more than one hundr and eighti ( 180 ) day . custom shall also have the right to cancel order for ani quantiti of product affect by ani trigger event effect upon notic to manufactur , and custom shall have no further oblig to purchas ani such cancel quantiti of product . in the event a trigger event occur dure the exclus period , manufactur shall , at manufactur ’ s cost and expens , provid such assist as is reason request by custom to assist ani altern manufactur in meet custom ’ s requir for the product until manufactur ha remedi the caus of such trigger event and is -20- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 abl to suppli product to custom in it request quantiti . such assist shall includ provid , subject in all case to section 2.10 ( h ) , technic support in respect of the affect product ( s ) . in the event of a trigger event , manufactur shall be liabl for ani actual amount that custom is contractu requir to pay to ani third-parti custom of custom that result from custom ’ s inabl to suppli the affect product to such third-parti custom as a direct result of such trigger event; provid that ( 1 ) custom shall provid to manufactur appropri evid of such amount ( includ invoic from the applic custom ) and the applic contractu requir ( redact , in each case , of inform pertain to price and other commerci term that are not directli relat to the claim amount ) , it be understood and agre that , upon request , manufactur will enter into customari confidenti arrang prior to such inform be share and ( 2 ) manufactur shall not be liabl for ani such amount in the aggreg in ani fiscal year in excess of the aggreg convers cost markup dure such fiscal year with respect to all product manufactur at the facil that is the subject of the applic trigger event . “ convers cost markup ” mean , for a product for ani fiscal year , ten percent ( 10 ) of the product of ( a ) manufactur ’ s standard convers cost for such product for such fiscal year and ( b ) the quantiti of such product order by custom for deliveri dure such fiscal year . the right of custom set forth in thi paragraph are in addit to ani other right set forth in thi agreement . 2.6 delivery; risk of loss . ( a ) deliveri . unless otherwis set forth in the applic facil addendum , manufactur shall deliv product to custom fca ( incoterm 2010 ) at the applic facil , and all purchas order will be deem to have been complet when the quantiti of product made avail to custom at the applic facil is between nineti percent ( 90 ) and one hundr and ten percent ( 110 ) of the quantiti of product set forth in ani accept purchas order ( each such event , a “ deliveri ” ) . deliveri shall occur by or within the deliveri date ( s ) set forth in the applic purchas order or such other date as may be agre to in write by the parti from time to time . without limit custom ’ s right and remedi under section 4.8 , manufactur acknowledg and agre that , unless such earli deliveri wa agre upon by the parti in write , manufactur shall provid custom with such data as custom may reason request from time to time for measur of key perform indic ( kpi ) . ( b ) certif of complianc . manufactur shall includ certif of complianc and certif of analysi with all deliveri of product or prior to deliveri upon reason request of custom . -21- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( c ) titl . unless otherwis set forth in the applic facil addendum , titl to product and risk of loss or damag shall pass to custom upon deliveri to custom pursuant to section 2.6 ( a ) . 2.7 procur of materi . ( a ) manufactur shall order and maintain suffici quantiti of all product materi , includ safeti stock as requir by the applic facil addendum , to enabl manufactur to manufactur and deliv product in accord with it deliveri oblig under thi agreement and the applic facil addendum . with respect to those third parti supplier of product materi use by manufactur or it affili in the ordinari cours in the manufactur or suppli of a given product immedi prior to the effect date ( “ manufactur third parti supplier ” ) , manufactur shall be permit to purchas sole the same product materi from such manufactur third parti supplier in connect with it activ under thi agreement without first obtain custom ’ s prior written consent . ani other third-parti supplier for product materi ( or procur of a differ product materi from ani third-parti supplier ) must be approv in advanc in write by custom ( such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay ) . for the avoid of doubt , as of the effect date , as between manufactur and custom , manufactur will be sole respons for maintain and establish relationship with the third-parti supplier of product materi . the cost of all such product materi shall be includ in the price of the applic product . ( b ) unless otherwis set forth in the applic facil addendum for a specif product , custom shall have no liabil for excess or obsolet product materi purchas by manufactur , ( x ) except as set forth in section 2.4 ( h ) or section 7.9 or ( y ) unless the excess or obsolesc is caus by a chang to the specif for such product materi or the specif of a given product in accord with thi agreement after such product materi have been purchas by manufactur base upon a firm order or accept purchas order ) . ( c ) custom understand and acknowledg that ( i ) certain product materi have a limit shelf-lif , are long lead time item , and are subject to minimum order quantiti specifi by the applic supplier and ( ii ) manufactur will reli on the firm order and forecast to order product materi requir to meet the firm order ( plu safeti stock for certain product materi of a product as reason determin by manufactur ) . in addit , custom understand that , to ensur an orderli suppli of the product materi , manufactur may elect to purchas the product materi in suffici volum to meet the product requir for product dure part or all of the forecast periods; provid , howev , that custom shall not have ani liabil with respect to ani purchas by manufactur or ani of it affili of label or packag materi ( includ label , carton and leaflet ) in excess of the amount requir to meet the firm order applic at such time plu the amount of applic product forecast to be order in month four ( 4 ) through six ( 6 ) of the forecast applic at such time . -22- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( d ) manufactur must review with custom ani assess made ( or relat action propos to be taken ) by manufactur relat to reject or destruct of ani customer-suppli materi , buy-sel materi , product , or product materi intend for custom ’ s product to discuss viabil for commerci use . 2.8 product sampl . if repres lot sampl of product batch of product are request by custom in order to satisfi it oblig under applic law , includ ani regulatori requir , or to ani government author , then manufactur shall provid custom ( or ani such third parti as custom shall design ) with repres lot sampl of each product batch of product promptli upon custom ’ s request . custom shall be entitl to review , upon reason prior written notic , all manufactur record relat to such sampl , includ all analyt procedur and clean valid relat to the equip use in connect with the manufactur of the sampl . such product sampl shall be deliv to custom ( or such third parti as custom shall design ) in accord with the provis set forth in section 2.6 ( a ) and at the price as determin in accord with the term of section 3. custom shall pay for such sampl when invoic in accord with section 3.5 . 2.9 storag . manufactur will store product , buy-sel materi , product materi , and customer-suppli materi in accord with the requir of the qualiti agreement . with respect to those third-parti warehous use by manufactur or it affili in the ordinari cours for the storag of a given product , buy-sel materi , product materi , or customer-suppli materi immedi prior to the effect date , manufactur may engag such third-parti warehous to perform the sole same activ for such product , buy- sell materi , product materi , and customer-suppli materi under thi agreement without first obtain custom ’ s prior written consent . the use of ani third parti warehous for the storag of ani product , buy-sel materi , product materi , or customer- suppli materi other than in the manner expressli permit pursuant to thi section 2.9 must be approv in advanc in write by custom , such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . manufactur shall obtain the right for custom to audit , at custom ’ s expens , ani such third-parti warehous upon reason prior advanc written notic and dure normal busi hour . manufactur ha no oblig to store product more than fifteen ( 15 ) busi day follow the request deliveri date for such product; provid that ( a ) manufactur shall be oblig to store product for such longer -23- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 period as may be reason necessari for custom to arrang transport for such product in the event that manufactur experi delay in the manufactur , releas , or suppli of a particular product that result in the deliveri of a quantiti of product that exce histor or forecast quantiti of product for the applic period and; ( b ) with respect to ani product that custom reason believ should not be releas by manufactur , manufactur shall store such product until the parti ’ definit resolut pursuant to thi agreement and the qualiti agreement as to whether such product should be releas . at the expir of the applic time frame in the preced sentenc , notwithstand ani provis of thi section 2.9 to the contrari , manufactur may transport and store the subject product at a third-parti warehous at custom ’ s expens . 2.10 transit support . ( a ) on a product-by-product basi , custom may elect , upon written notic to manufactur , for manufactur to provid custom with reason technic support , as more fulli set forth in thi section 2.10 , to transfer product of a given product or product to a custom facil or a facil of an altern sourc of suppli as design by custom ( such support , “ technic support ” and such facil , the “ receiv site ” ) . custom may make such elect for technic support at ani time dure the term ( includ in the event of a trigger event under section 2.5 ( a ) or in advanc of ani expir of thi agreement ) or promptli after the termin or expir of thi agreement but in no event more than nineti ( 90 ) day follow the effect date of such termin or expir . such reason technic support shall consist of : ( i ) suppli of a technic packag to facilit the transfer of all relev manufactur inform for such product ( s ) to the receiv site , includ formul descript , manufactur instruct , specif , method , data requir for applic regulatori submiss and facil qualif , and materi supplier inform , as applic , except for ani inform that is subject to confidenti oblig owe to a third party; provid that the technic packag will not includ ani manufactur inform , includ formul descript , manufactur instruct , specif , method and materi supplier inform , that is gener avail to or known by the public , can be obtain on reason term from third parti or is alreadi avail or be util by custom or it affili at one of custom ’ s or it affili ’ s facilities; ( ii ) host site visit to the manufactur ’ s facil by custom to observ product of the applic product or product , in each case , at a mutual agre date and subject to confidenti procedur or requir as may be request or implement by manufacturer; provid that the request for each such visit shall be made so as to allow for suffici advanc prepar time and can be accommod in the request timefram without interrupt to manufactur ’ s routin product or operations; -24- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( iii ) perform of high-level consult and answer reason queri for custom through the transfer process; and ( iv ) provis of reason product sampl requir under applic law for transfer activ . ( b ) custom shall be respons for identifi and request ani and all technic support that is requir from manufactur to assur such technolog transfer is success . ( c ) the parti shall reason cooper and mutual agre to facilit the provis of ani addit reason technic support with respect to the applic product or product to custom , includ assist through the transfer process , manufactur personnel visit to the receiv site and train and troubleshoot dure the receiv site ’ s first product run of the applic product or product , in each case , as and to the extent reason agre by manufactur in each instanc ( and subject to section 2.10 ( d ) , 2.10 ( e ) and 2.10 ( f ) ) . ( d ) the parti will work togeth in good faith to plan for upcom and ongo technic support need and to accommod such plan in order to maintain ongo busi continu . in addit , manufactur shall have no oblig to hire or retain ani individu or make ani capit expenditur in connect with technic support , and manufactur ’ s oblig to provid technic support is conting upon the continu employ by manufactur of those individu capabl of provid such technic support . manufactur may termin it oblig to provid ani technic support with respect to the applic product under thi agreement if custom or ani of it affili hire ani manufactur personnel involv in provid technic support to custom hereund ( without limit ani applic non-solicit oblig of custom pursuant to the busi combin agreement ) . ( e ) custom shall be sole respons for ani and all regulatori or other government author requir , activ and relat cost and expens that aris in conjunct with ani technic support , technolog transfer of product or product of each product to or at the receiv site . these activ may also includ , but are not limit to , creation of addit data or technic inform , analyt method modif or other work of a technic natur requir to support regulatori queri or contemporari standard and guidelin driven by the manufactur transfer ( subject to section 8.2 ) . -25- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( f ) subject to section 2.5 ( e ) , custom is respons for , and shall promptli reimburs manufactur for , ani and all reason out-of- pocket cost and expens incur by or on behalf of manufactur in connect with ani technic support provid to custom under thi agreement , includ employe cost to be charg at a rate that reason approxim the cost of provid the technic support , without ani intent to caus manufactur to make profit or incur loss . ( g ) with respect to each product for which manufactur provid technic support under thi agreement , manufactur shall provid to custom ani analyt materi and method in manufactur ’ s possess or control that are requir in connect with disclosur to ani applic government author to qualifi the applic product materi , buy-sel materi , or customer- suppli materi for such product or such product itself for releas test to meet the then-curr applic market author , in each case , subject to section 13 . ( h ) noth in thi agreement shall requir manufactur to provid more than 75 hour per calendar year per product in connect with ani technic support . notwithstand anyth to the contrari herein , except as expressli provid in section 2.10 ( g ) , manufactur shall have no oblig to disclos , licens or otherwis provid confidenti or proprietari inform of manufactur , it affili or ani third parti in connect with thi agreement or ani technic support or technolog transfer therein . 3. price; payment; price adjustments; tax . 3.1 price . ( a ) initi price . on a fiscal year-by-fisc year basi , custom shall purchas each product from manufactur at the price for such product for such fiscal year , as determin in accord with the term of thi section 3. the price for each product dure the initi price term ( such price , the “ initi price ” for such product ) is set forth in the facil addendum for such product . follow the initi price term , the price of such product may be adjust onli as set forth in section 3.1 ( b ) and section 3.2 . ( b ) price in extens period . in the event that custom elect to extend the initi term of the agreement or of a facil addendum , the price for each applic product in ani extens period shall be one hundr percent ( 100 ) of manufactur ’ s standard product materi cost plu one hundr and ten percent ( 110 ) of manufactur ’ s standard convers cost of such product , each for the initi fiscal year of the first extens period with respect to such product . dure each extens period , the price of such product may be adjust as set forth in section 3.2; provid that the initi fiscal year of the first extens period shall oper as the facil convers cost baselin fiscal year ( as defin below ) . -26- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( c ) subject to the limit and condit set forth in thi agreement , it is the intent of the parti that the price of each product reflect one hundr percent ( 100 ) of manufactur ’ s standard product materi cost plu one hundr and ten percent ( 110 ) of manufactur ’ s standard convers cost of such product . the price for each product will be set forth in the currenc specifi in the applic facil addendum . ( d ) chang to the standard cost methodolog . manufactur shall have the right to chang the standard cost methodolog onc per fiscal year; provid that ani chang shall be consist with the account method and appli across all product manufactur at the applic facil . if manufactur elect to chang the standard cost methodolog , manufactur shall calcul both ( i ) the revis standard cost use the methodolog effect dure the then-curr fiscal year of the term of the applic facil addendum and ( ii ) the percentag chang in standard cost caus by the chang in methodolog rel to the former methodolog . if such standard cost methodolog chang result in an increas of facil convers cost for product manufactur for custom of more than two percent ( 2 ) , then manufactur shall revert to the former methodolog for purpos of the calcul of price dure such fiscal year . 3.2 price adjust . ( a ) product materi adjust . ( i ) on a facility-by-facil basi , with respect to each full fiscal year of the term of the applic facil addendum , the price of each product manufactur at the applic facil will be updat to reflect one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the full estim amount of the increas or decreas in the cost of product materi for each such product . ( ii ) in each fiscal year of the term of thi agreement , manufactur shall submit a report to custom by no later than the end of the first quarter of such fiscal year set out the facil actual product materi cost with respect to each facil for the prior fiscal year . in the event that the facil actual product materi cost differ from the facil estim product materi cost , when adjust to reflect actual volum , then manufactur shall issu either ( a ) an invoic to custom for ani amount owe by custom to manufactur or ( b ) a credit memo for amount owe by manufactur to custom reflect the differ between the price as invoic and an adjust price for such fiscal year; -27- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 provid , howev , that ani such adjust made in accord with the forego shall be subject in all case to the provis of section 3.2 ( e ) . custom shall pay all undisput amount due in the currenc specifi in the applic facil addendum within sixti ( 60 ) calendar day from the date of the invoic . if custom disput all or ani portion of an invoic , it shall be requir to pay onli the amount not in disput , and in such event custom shall notifi manufactur of the amount and natur of the disput . payment by custom of ani amount reflect in ani invoic shall not result in a waiver of ani of custom ’ s right under thi agreement . ( b ) convers cost adjust . ( i ) subject to the remaind of thi section 3.2 ( b ) , on a facility-by-facil basi , if the facil convers cost of a facil dure ani fiscal year follow the first full fiscal year of the term of the applic facil addendum ( such fiscal year , a “ facil convers cost adjust fiscal year ” ) are estim to be ( a ) less than seventy-f percent ( 75 ) of the facil convers cost for the facil convers cost baselin fiscal year ( as defin below ) or ( b ) greater than one hundr and twenty-f percent ( 125 ) of the facil convers cost for the facil convers cost baselin fiscal year ( claus ( a ) and ( b ) refer to collect as the “ facil convers cost threshold ” ) , when adjust to reflect a constant volum between the facil convers cost adjust fiscal year and the facil convers cost baselin fiscal year , then the price for such product will be updat begin with such facil convers cost adjust fiscal year to reflect one hundr and ten percent ( 110 ) of the increas or decreas in facil convers cost . an exampl calcul of the forego price adjust is attach hereto as attach g. subject to the last sentenc of section 3.1 ( b ) , the “ facil convers cost baselin fiscal year ” shall be , as of the effect date , 2019 budget volum and cost as summar in the applic facil addenda; provid that in each instanc in which the price is adjust in accord with the immedi preced sentenc of thi section 3.2 ( b ) ( i ) , the facil convers cost baselin fiscal year shall be the applic facil convers cost adjust fiscal year . ( ii ) in the event that price is adjust as a result of a chang to facil convers cost under section 3.2 ( b ) ( i ) , the facil convers cost threshold for all remain fiscal year in the initi term ( or extens period as appropri ) will be reduc such that if facil convers cost of a facil dure ani facil convers cost adjust fiscal year are estim to be ( a ) less -28- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 than eighti percent ( 80 ) of the facil convers cost for the facil convers cost baselin fiscal year or ( b ) greater than one hundr and twenti percent ( 120 ) of the facil convers cost for the facil convers cost baselin fiscal year , then the price for such product will be updat begin with such facil convers cost adjust fiscal year to reflect the full estim amount of the increas or decreas in convers cost . ( iii ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 3.2 ( b ) , manufactur shall not have the abil to adjust the price to reflect actual volum for product in a facil to the extent that custom ha reduc it demand for one or more product in such facil due to manufactur ’ s breach of or other failur to suppli under thi agreement or the applic facil addendum . ( iv ) in each fiscal year follow the first full fiscal year of the term of thi agreement , manufactur shall submit a report to custom by no later than the end of the first quarter of such fiscal year set out the actual volum of product for each facil for the prior fiscal year . in the event that the actual facil convers cost demonstr that the then applic facil convers cost threshold ha been exceed , and manufactur had not previous adjust the applic price in accord with thi section 3.2 ( b ) to account for such adjust , then manufactur shall either issu ( a ) an invoic to custom for ani amount owe by custom to manufactur or ( b ) a credit memo for amount owe by manufactur to custom reflect the differ between the price as invoic and the adjust price for such fiscal year; provid , howev , that ani such adjust made in accord with the forego shall be subject in all case to the provis of section 3.2 ( b ) ( iii ) . for clariti , ani amount owe by custom to manufactur or owe by manufactur to custom shall be one hundr and ten percent ( 110 ) of manufactur ’ s convers cost , reduc by a 20 allow for variabl cost . custom shall pay all undisput amount due in the currenc specifi in the applic facil addendum within sixti ( 60 ) calendar day from the date of the invoic . if custom disput all or ani portion of an invoic , it shall be requir to pay onli the amount not in disput , and in such event custom shall notifi manufactur of the amount and natur of the disput . payment by custom of ani amount reflect in ani invoic shall not result in a waiver of ani of custom ’ s right under thi agreement . ( c ) notwithstand the abov , the price for buy-sel materi will be updat annual in each year follow the first fiscal year to reflect one hundr percent ( 100 ) of the full estim amount of the cost of buy-sel materi to manufactur . custom may not chang the price of buy-sel -29- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 materi dure ani fiscal year . upon ani notif by custom to manufactur of ani reduct in the price of buy-sel materi for the upcom fiscal year , manufactur shall submit to custom an inventori of such buy-sel materi on hand and a calcul of the posit differ between the aggreg price for such buy-sel materi appli the price for the current fiscal year and the aggreg price for such buy-sel materi appli the price for the upcom fiscal year . custom shall promptli and in no event later than sixti ( 60 ) day issu to manufactur a credit memo in the amount of such posit differ reflect in manufactur ’ s notic . ( d ) the increas or decreas describ in thi section 3.2 shall be determin by manufactur in a manner consist with the account methodolog use by manufactur as of the effect date and shall be base on the applic forecast provid by custom in juli of the applic fiscal year and appli consist across manufactur ’ s entir manufactur oper for the full facil . ( e ) manufactur shall notifi custom of ani estim expect chang to price for the upcom fiscal year by no later than june 1 of the then-curr fiscal year and shall notifi custom of ani actual chang to price for the upcom fiscal year by no later than octob 30 of the then-curr fiscal year . between june 1 and octob 30 , the parti will engag in ongo discuss to ensur that ani final chang to price for the applic fiscal year conform to the term and condit of thi agreement . manufactur will promptli respond to custom ’ s inquiri regard ani propos chang to the price of product and provid reason document to custom support the estim or actual chang in such price . ani actual , adjust price of each product shall becom effect on the first day of the first month of such upcom fiscal year . ( f ) ani disput relat to chang in price for a given product will be resolv pursuant to section 3.4 . 3.3 cost improv . at custom ’ s reason request , manufactur and custom agre to discuss in good faith the implement of possibl cost reduct opportun with the object to reduc the net price of product . without limit the gener of the forego , manufactur shall use commerci reason effort to reduc the price of product materi . -30- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 3.4 price review and audit procedur . ( a ) manufactur shall maintain complet and accur record that fairli reflect the relev cost and calcul use to determin the price of each product and shall retain such record for a period of not less than three ( 3 ) year after the applic product wa manufactur and deliv hereund . with respect to a price chang under section 3.2 for ani product in an upcom fiscal year , if custom request such a review in write within thirti ( 30 ) day follow notic to custom of such chang , then : ( i ) the parti shall reason discuss and attempt to resolv ani disagr with respect thereto and ( ii ) if such disagr is not resolv within thirti ( 30 ) day follow commenc of such discuss , custom shall have the right , no more than one ( 1 ) time per fiscal year each for the subject of ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) below and on no less than thirti ( 30 ) day ’ notic to manufactur , to appoint a reput and intern recogn independ third-parti audit firm reason accept to manufactur ( and which agre to be bound by manufactur ’ s customari confidenti agreement ) to audit such relev record , dure normal busi hour and on a confidenti basi , to verifi that , either ( 1 ) the chang in the relev product ’ price for an applic facil for the upcom fiscal year , as applic , or ( 2 ) the true-up determin with respect to ( x ) the estim and actual facil convers cost of a facil with respect to ani fiscal year or ( y ) the facil estim product materi cost and the facil actual product materi cost with respect to ani fiscal year , wa accur and equit calcul by manufactur in accord with thi agreement; provid that custom shall be deem to have waiv it right for such a review if custom doe not make such request within thirti ( 30 ) day follow deliveri of manufactur ’ s notic to custom of such increas . for the avoid of doubt , ani such audit initi by custom in accord with claus ( ii ) abov shall includ in the scope of audit all of the product manufactur at the applic facil , and not be limit in scope to the discret product ( s ) in question . subject to section 3.4 ( b ) ( 2 ) , custom shall bear all cost and expens of conduct such an audit , and such account firm shall work on an hourli or flat fee basi without a conting fee or other perform or bonu fee . such account firm shall , as promptli as practic , provid in write ( i ) a detail report of such audit to manufactur and ( ii ) a separ report limit to the price for the subject product in the relev fiscal year as calcul by such account firm in accord with thi agreement to manufactur and custom . the price for the product dure a fiscal year , as calcul by such account firm , absent ani manifest error , shall be bind upon the parti with respect to such increas or requir payment , as applicable; provid that , within fifteen ( 15 ) day of receipt of the audit report , manufactur shall have the right to disput such price or calcul thereof by submit written notic to custom and the account firm accompani by inform support manufactur ’ s posit . within thirti ( 30 ) day of receipt of manufactur ’ s notic of disput , the account firm shall issu it final find with respect to the price for the relev product in the relev fiscal year and such decis , absent manifest error , shall be bind upon the parti . -31- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( b ) if , as a result of ani audit by custom pursuant to section 3.4 ( a ) , the aggreg price calcul by the account firm with respect to all product manufactur at the applic facil for a fiscal year is : ( i ) less than ninety-f percent ( 95 ) of the aggreg price for all such product establish by manufactur pursuant to section 3.2 for such product dure such fiscal year , then , if custom ha made payment to manufactur for such product at the higher price establish by manufactur dure such fiscal year , manufactur shall refund to custom the overpay made by customer; or ( ii ) more than one hundr and five percent ( 105 ) of the aggreg price for all such product establish by manufactur pursuant to section 3.2 for such product dure such fiscal year , then , if custom ha made payment to manufactur for such product at the lower price establish by manufactur for such period , custom shall promptli pay manufactur for the amount of the underpay that should have been paid by customer; in each case of claus ( i ) and ( ii ) , ( 1 ) such payment to be made within sixti ( 60 ) day of the owe parti ’ s receipt of the relev detail report and final price pursuant to section 3.4 ( a ) and ( 2 ) manufactur shall be respons for payment of the applic account firm ’ s reason and actual fee in connect with such audit . 3.5 invoic and payment . manufactur shall submit invoic to custom upon deliveri of product . all invoic for product will be in function currenc unless otherwis specifi in the applic facil addendum , and all undisput payment hereund shall be in full and be made without ani withhold , offset or ani other deduct . manufactur shall includ the follow inform on all invoic : ( a ) the applic purchas order number and bill address; ( b ) the quantiti of product deliv ( and where applic , the type , descript or part number , if ani ) ; ( c ) the requir deliveri date specifi in the applic purchas order; ( d ) the actual date of delivery; ( e ) the price; ( f ) ani applic tax , transport charg or other charg provid for in the applic purchas order; ( g ) the applic invoic number; and ( h ) the deliveri facil , unless otherwis specifi in the facil addendum . subject to custom ’ s right under section 4.8 to reject non-compli product or product that is not otherwis deliv in accord with the term of and condit of thi agreement , manufactur shall invoic custom for product upon deliveri of the applic product in accord with section 2.6 ( a ) . custom shall be oblig to pay onli for actual quantiti of -32- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 product deliv . unless otherwis set forth in the applic facil addendum with respect to a particular product or product , custom shall pay all undisput amount due in the currenc specifi in the applic facil addendum within sixti ( 60 ) calendar day from the date of the invoic . if custom disput all or ani portion of an invoic , it shall be requir to pay onli the amount not in disput , and in such event custom shall notifi manufactur of the amount and natur of the disput . payment by custom of ani amount reflect in ani invoic shall not result in a waiver of ani of custom ’ s right under thi agreement . if ani payment requir to be made under thi agreement is not made within twenti ( 20 ) day of the applic date when such payment is due ( the “ late payment date ” ) , interest shall accru on such past due amount from the late payment date until the date payment is actual made at a quarterli rate equal to the lesser of ( i ) the three-month u.s. dollar libor ( reuter page libor01 ) on the late payment date ( or the next busi day if such late payment date is not a busi day ) , and ( ii ) the maximum rate permit by applic law . time for ani payment hereund shall be of the essenc . 3.6 tax . ( a ) all sum payabl under thi agreement are exclus of ani amount in respect of vat . if ani action of one parti ( the “ supplier ” ) under thi agreement constitut , for vat purpos , the make of a suppli to anoth parti ( or a member of that parti ’ s group ) ( the “ recipi ” ) and vat is or becom chargeabl on that suppli , the recipi shall pay to the supplier , in addit to ani amount otherwis payabl under thi agreement by the recipi , a sum equal to the amount of the vat chargeabl on that suppli against deliveri to the recipi of a valid vat invoic issu in accord with the law and regul of the applic jurisdict . ( b ) without duplic of amount cover by section 3.6 ( a ) , custom ( or the applic affili ) shall be respons for all vat , sale , good and servic , use , gross receipt , transfer , consumpt and other similar tax ( exclud , for clariti , tax impos on net incom , profit and gain and franchis tax ) , togeth with interest , penalti and addit thereto ( “ servic tax ” ) , impos by applic tax author on the direct sale of product to custom or ani of it affili or ani payment hereunder; provid that such servic tax are shown on a valid invoic . if manufactur or ani of it affili is requir to pay ani part of such servic tax , manufactur shall provid custom with evid that such servic tax have been paid , and custom ( or it applic affili ) shall reimburs manufactur for such servic tax . manufactur shall , upon the reason request of custom , promptli revis ani invoic to the extent such invoic wa erron item or categor . each parti shall , and shall caus it affili to , use commerci reason effort to ( i ) minim the amount of ani servic tax impos on the provis of servic hereund , includ by avail itself of ani avail exempt from or reduct to ani such -33- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 servic tax , and ( ii ) cooper with the other parti in provid ani inform or document that may be reason necessari to minim such servic tax or obtain such exempt or reduct . if at ani time manufactur ( or ani of it affili ) receiv a refund ( or credit or offset in lieu of a refund ) of ani servic tax born by custom ( or ani of it affili ) , then manufactur or it affili receiv such refund or util such credit or offset shall promptli pay over the amount of such refund , credit or offset ( net of all reason relat out-of-pocket cost , expens and tax incur in respect thereof ) to custom or it applic affili , it be understood that custom and it applic affili shall be liabl for ( x ) ani subsequ disallow of such refund , credit or offset and ani relat interest , penalti or addit thereto and ( y ) ani reason out-of- pocket cost and expens relat to such disallow . ( c ) the parti and their affili shall reason cooper to determin whether ani tax withhold appli to ani amount paid under thi agreement and , if so , shall further reason cooper in ( i ) minim the amount of ani such withhold tax , includ by avail itself of ani avail exempt from or reduct to ani such withhold tax , ( ii ) provid ani inform or document that may be reason necessari to minim such withhold tax or obtain such exempt ( includ , without limit , pursuant to ani applic doubl taxat or similar treati ) or ( iii ) receiv a refund of such withhold tax or claim a tax credit therefor . if ani such withhold is requir by applic law , the pay parti ( or it applic affili ) shall properli and time withhold and remit such tax to the applic tax author and use reason effort to provid the other parti with a copi of ani receipt ( where it is common practic for the applic tax author to provid such a receipt ) or other document confirm such payment , and such withheld amount shall be treat for all purpos of thi agreement as have been paid to the receiv parti ( or it applic affili ) . the pay parti ( or it applic affili ) shall not be requir to “ gross up ” ani amount invoic to the pay parti to account for , or otherwis compens the receiv parti ( or it applic affili ) for , ani tax that are requir to be withheld under applic law . ( d ) where a parti or ani member of it group is requir by thi agreement to reimburs or indemnifi the other parti or ani member of it group for ani cost or expens , the reimburs or indemnifi parti ( or the applic member of it group ) shall reimburs or indemnifi the other parti ( or the applic member of it group ) for the full amount of the cost or expens , inclus of ani amount in respect of vat impos on that amount to the extent properli reflect on a valid invoic , except to the extent that the reimburs or indemnifi parti reason determin that it ( or such member of it group ) , or a member of the same group as it ( or such member of it group ) for vat purpos , is entitl to credit for or repay of that vat from ani relev tax author . -34- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( e ) for purpos of thi agreement , and except as otherwis specif provid in thi agreement , tax matter shall be exclus govern by the tax matter agreement , and in the event of ani inconsist between the tax matter agreement and thi agreement with respect to tax matter , the tax matter agreement shall control . 3.7 no duplic payment . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , no parti ( or affili thereof ) shall enjoy a duplic right , entitl , oblig , or recoveri with respect to ani matter aris out of the same fact and circumst . 4. manufactur standard and qualiti assur . 4.1 qualiti agreement . on a facility-by-facil and product-by-product basi , the parti will compli with the requir and provis set forth in the qualiti agreement applic to the applic facil and product , the form of which ha been attach hereto as attach b and , through such attach , made a part hereof . in the event of a conflict between the term of the applic qualiti agreement and the term of thi agreement , the term of the qualiti agreement shall govern and control for all qualiti and regulatori complianc matter and the term of thi agreement shall govern and control for all other matter . 4.2 manufactur standard . manufactur shall manufactur and suppli each product ( includ dispos of all wast and other materi ) in accord with all applic specif , applic law , requir under the applic qualiti agreement , and thi agreement . 4.3 manufactur chang . ( a ) discretionari chang . subject to section 4.3 ( b ) , in the event that either parti desir to chang , revis , modifi or otherwis alter the specif , manufactur process , product materi , buy-sel materi , customer-suppli materi , or facil with respect to a given product in ani manner ( each , a “ manufactur chang ” ) , the parti desir the manufactur chang shall notifi the other parti in write of the propos manufactur chang and the parti will promptli meet to discuss , in good faith , the feasibl of implement such manufactur chang and the alloc of cost between the parti for such manufactur change; provid that the request manufactur chang will not be implement unless and until the parti mutual agre in write to implement such manufactur chang . unless otherwis agre upon by the parti , the parti request the manufactur chang will be respons for , and will bear the cost of , ani file or other action that either parti must take with the applic government author as a result of such manufactur chang . -35- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( b ) requir chang . if , at ani time , a manufactur chang is requir by a government author in a countri in which regulatori approv for a given product ha been grant , a government author in a countri in which custom seek to obtain regulatori approv for a given product , or a government author in the countri in which the facil that manufactur a given product is locat , then the parti that first ha knowledg of the requir manufactur chang shall notifi the other parti in write of such requir manufactur chang , and manufactur will review such manufactur chang with custom . manufactur will bear all cost and expens associ with implement the manufactur chang , unless such manufactur chang relat sole to a product or product manufactur for custom ( includ ani requir label chang ) , in which case custom will bear all cost and expens associ with implement such manufactur chang for such product , includ ani chang to label or packag , but onli to the extent such cost are reason and document . 4.4 pest control . manufactur shall manufactur all product , and manufactur shall store all product materi , buy-sel materi , customer-suppli materi , and all product , in a clean , dri area , free from insect and rodent , in a manner to prevent entri of foreign materi and contamin of product . manufactur ’ s pest control measur shall includ the adequ clean of the facil , control of food and drink , protect of product from the environ , monitor of fli and crawl pest and log detail find and action taken . manufactur ’ s pest control program shall be detail in a written procedur which compli with applic law , includ cgmp , and which shall be subject to review and approv by custom . if custom ha specif concern about procedur in place at ani facil , custom will present such issu in it audit find and the parti will discuss in good faith a mutual agreeabl plan for resolut of such issu . failur of manufactur to compli with thi section 4.4 shall be deem a materi breach of thi agreement . 4.5 legal and regulatori file and request . ( a ) manufactur shall reason cooper with custom in respond to all request for inform from , and in make all legal requir file with , government author in the territori have jurisdict to make such request or requir such file . manufactur shall : ( a ) obtain and compli with all licens , consent and permit requir under applic law in the territori ( and manufactur shall provid custom with a -36- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 copi of all such licens , consent and permit that are materi upon custom ’ s reason request ) ; and ( b ) compli with all applic law in the territori with respect to it manufactur and packag process , the facil or otherwis , to permit the perform of it oblig hereund . upon custom ’ s request , manufactur shall appli for and obtain certif of pharmaceut product ( “ cpp ” ) from the government author of the countri where the facil is locat , such cpp to be issu to countri where cpp accord to custom ’ s opinion are requir . manufactur shall pay all reason cost necessari to obtain such cpp and be entitl to be reimburs against invoic by custom at cost; provid that manufactur shall make good faith effort to consolid it invoic for such reimburs for cpp and submit to custom on a fiscal year quarterli basi . ( b ) in the event that custom wish to extend the territori with respect to a certain product , custom shall notifi manufactur of such request and manufactur shall consid custom ’ s request in good faith . for the avoid of doubt , in the event that the parti agre to extend the territori with respect to a certain product , ani result manufactur chang shall be treat as a discretionari manufactur chang and govern by section 4.3 ( a ) . 4.6 qualiti test and check . manufactur shall perform all bulk hold stabil , manufactur trial , valid ( includ , but not limit to , method , process and equip clean valid ) , raw materi , in-process , bulk finish product and stabil ( chemic and/or microbi ) test or check requir to assur the qualiti of a given product and ani test or check requir by the specif , the qualiti agreement , applic facil addendum or applic law . with respect to ani product manufactur prior to close or locat at a facil as of close , manufactur shall maintain , continu and complet ani and all such activ , test and check , includ , without limit , all ongo stabil test . all cost associ with the perform of manufactur ’ s oblig under thi section 4.6 ( includ with respect to ani product manufactur prior to close or locat at a facil as of close ) are includ in the price of each product and , accordingli , manufactur shall perform the forego at it cost and expens , without further reimburs from custom . manufactur shall obtain product for these test from batch of product manufactur under thi agreement , and manufactur is respons for provid all necessari technic , qualiti and oper resourc . all test and test result shall be perform , document and summar by manufactur in accord with the specif , qualiti agreement , applic facil addendum , applic law and reason qualiti assur requir provid by custom to manufactur in write . manufactur shall maintain all product record and disposit of each batch of product . -37- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 4.7 respons for non-compli product . manufactur shall not releas ani product for deliveri to custom that doe not conform to the coven set forth in section 5.2 ( e ) ( such non-conform product , “ non-compli product ” ) , without the prior written approv of custom . manufactur shall quarantin all such non-compli product and shall promptli submit to custom a report detail the natur of such non-compli and manufactur ’ s recommend disposit , includ the investig and test done . manufactur shall also provid ani addit inform regard such non-compli product as may reason be request by custom . custom shall not be requir to pay for ani non-compli product or for the destruct or other disposit thereof ( unless an investig determin that the root caus for such product be non-compli product is non-compli buy-sel materi or non-compli customer-suppli materi ) . 4.8 reject of non-compli product . ( a ) custom ’ s abil to reject . custom may reject ani non-compli product or product that is not deliv to custom in accord with thi agreement by provid written notic of such reject to manufactur within seventy-f ( 75 ) day follow custom ’ s receipt of ani deliveri of product hereunder; provid , howev , that custom may , until the expiri date for a product , provid notic of reject of ani deliveri of such product have ( i ) latent defect , ( ii ) ani defect that are not reason discover by custom through standard inspect and test of product or ( iii ) defect caus by the breach by manufactur of ani of it represent or warranti under thi agreement ( collect , “ latent defect ” ) ; provid , further , that , and notwithstand the forego , custom shall notifi manufactur within sixti ( 60 ) day after custom first becom awar of ani such latent defect . ( b ) manufactur ’ s abil to reject . manufactur may reject ani non-compli product by ( i ) provid custom with no less than sixti ( 60 ) day ’ prior written notic of manufactur ’ s intent to reject such non-compli product along with the document set forth in section 4.7 , ( ii ) meet with custom at custom ’ s request to discuss the basi for the propos reject of the subject non-compli product , and ( iii ) provid custom with notic of reject in the event that manufactur reject the subject non- compli product at the end of such sixti ( 60 ) day period ( or such other time frame as the parti may agre upon ) . ( c ) manufactur ’ s obligation; replac . manufactur shall respond to ani reject , defect notic or ani quality-rel complaint from custom pursuant to section 4.8 ( a ) in a time manner or such other time frame as may be specifi in the applic qualiti agreement . manufactur shall conduct an analysi of the caus of ani such complaint , shall report to custom on ani correct action taken and shall reason consid -38- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 custom ’ s suggest relat to such correct action or other quality-rel matter . custom shall promptli return ani product ( or portion thereof ) reject pursuant to section 4.8 ( a ) to manufactur at manufactur ’ s expens . with respect to ani non- compli product reject by custom , in addit to ani other right or remedi of custom hereund , custom may elect , in it sole discret , upon written notic to manufactur to either ( i ) have manufactur replac ani non-compli product as soon as practic at no addit charg to customer; provid that ( a ) the manufactur shall replac such non-compli product within a period of nineti ( 90 ) day begin on the date that the manufactur confirm or a third-parti laboratori determin that the subject product is a non-compli product , and ( b ) if manufactur fail to replac such non-compli product within such nineti ( 90 ) day period , then a trigger event shall be deem to have occur and the provis of section 2.5 shall apply; or ( ii ) be reimburs for the price of the non-compli product actual paid . manufactur shall reimburs custom for the cost of all customer-suppli materi use to manufactur ani non-compli product ( unless such product is a non-compli product due to ani non-compli customer-suppli materi , as applic ) . ( d ) independ test . if the parti are unabl to agre on whether product reject by custom is non-compli product , then manufactur may hire an independ third-parti laboratori , subject to custom ’ s prior written approv of such laboratori , not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay , to perform test on such reject product in accord with the specif , applic law and the qualiti agreement , which third parti laboratori shall promptli provid the result thereof to custom and manufactur . manufactur must engag such third-parti laboratori within the thirti ( 30 ) day period follow manufactur ’ s receipt of custom ’ s reject notic . if manufactur fail to engag such third-parti laboratori dure such thirti ( 30 ) day period , then manufactur will be deem to have waiv it right to engag such third-parti laboratori . the determin of such test shall be bind upon the parti for all purpos hereunder; provid that , if such test are unabl to determin whether or not such reject product is non-compli product , or if manufactur doe not engag such third-parti laboratori within the thirti ( 30 ) day period , then such product shall be deem to be non-compli product . if such test determin that the reject product is , or such product is so deem to be , non-compli product , then manufactur shall bear the cost of such test and custom ’ s remedi with respect to non-compli product as set forth in thi agreement shall appli to such non-compli product . otherwis , custom shall ( i ) bear the cost of such test and shall remain oblig to pay manufactur the price for such product in accord with section 3 and ( ii ) reimburs manufactur for ani ship charg paid by manufactur pursuant to section 4.8 ( c ) with respect to the return of such -39- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 product to manufactur . without limit the forego oblig , if custom reason request in write , then manufactur shall use commerci reason effort to re-deliv such product to custom at custom ’ s expens . for the avoid of doubt , provid that the product conform to the minimum shelf-lif date set forth in section 5.2 ( e ) ( v ) upon initi deliveri , such minimum shelf-lif date requir shall not appli to the subject product upon re-deliveri in accord with the immedi preced sentenc . ( e ) surviv . the provis of thi section 4.8 shall surviv termin or expir of thi agreement or the applic facil addendum . 4.9 dispos of reject and non-compli product . all non-compli product and product reject pursuant to thi agreement shall be remov ( if applic ) and dispos of by manufactur in accord with all applic law , and as approv in advanc by custom in write ( such dispos cost to be at manufactur ’ s expens , unless it is subsequ determin that custom wrongli reject such product pursuant to section 4.8 ) . manufactur shall make document relat to such disposit avail to custom upon custom ’ s reason request . manufactur shall not sell for salvag or for ani other purpos ani reject or non-compli product , without the prior written approv of custom . manufactur shall destroy all non-compli product prior to dispos and manufactur shall defac and render unread all word or symbol that identifi custom , includ custom ’ s trademark and logotyp that adorn ani packag contain such product , prior to dispos of such product . 4.10 mainten and retent of record . manufactur shall maintain detail record with respect to product materi , buy-sel materi , and customer-suppli materi usag and finish product product in accord with the qualiti agreement . 4.11 govern inspect , seizur and recal . ( a ) notification; initi of recal . if ( i ) manufactur determin or come to learn that a product distribut to the market contain a latent defect or ( ii ) the fda or ani other government author conduct an inspect at manufactur ’ s facil , seiz ani product , buy-sel materi , customer-suppli materi , or product materi , request a recal of ani product , buy-sel materi , customer-suppli materi , or product materi , or otherwis notifi manufactur of ani violat or potenti violat of ani applic law at the facil , or ( iii ) custom notifi manufactur of it intent to initi a recal , then , with respect to each ( ( i ) - ( iii ) ) , manufactur shall promptli notifi custom ( as applic ) and shall take such action as may be requir under the specif or qualiti -40- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 agreement . as applic , manufactur shall promptli send ani report relat to such inspect , recal , violat or potenti violat of applic law to customer; provid that manufactur may reason redact ani such report to protect it confidenti and proprietari inform that doe not relat to product . in the event that ani such government author request , but doe not seiz , a given product in connect with ani such inspect , manufactur shall , to the extent reason practic and permit by applic law ( 1 ) promptli notifi custom of such request , ( 2 ) satisfi such request onli after receiv custom ’ s approv , ( 3 ) follow ani reason procedur instruct by custom in respond to such request and ( 4 ) promptli send ani sampl of the applic product request by the government author to custom . manufactur shall give and permit full and unrestrict access to all or ani of it premis at ani time to ani author repres of ani government author or ani of it agent or advis and shall cooper fulli with ani such repres , in each case , relat to ani such inspect . manufactur shall not initi ani recal of product , except as provid in the qualiti agreement , without the prior written agreement by custom . ( b ) cost . in the event a recal result from ani breach by manufactur of thi agreement , includ recal on account of a given product contain a latent defect , in addit to ani other right or remedi avail to custom under thi agreement , manufactur shall reimburs custom for custom ’ s cost and expens associ with such recal , includ cost of materi suppli by custom ( includ customer-suppli materi ) , ship cost , administr cost associ with arrang and coordin the recal and all actual third parti cost associ with the distribut of replac product; provid that custom shall be sole respons for all , and shall reimburs manufactur for manufactur ’ s cost and expens associ with ani recal to the extent such recal doe not result from a breach by manufactur of thi agreement ( e.g. , is due to ani non- compli customer-suppli materi or non-compli buy-sel materi ) . 4.12 inspect . subject to the remaind of thi section 4.12 , no more than onc per calendar year , upon thirti ( 30 ) day ’ advanc written notic to manufactur , custom may physic inspect or audit ( consist with section 15.2 ) the facil under thi section 4.12; provid that custom will use good faith effort to choos date of inspect or audit that do not unreason interfer with the oper of manufactur ’ s business; provid , further , that custom shall consid in good faith ani altern date of inspect or audit propos by manufactur within five ( 5 ) day of manufactur ’ s receipt of such notic ( it be understood that noth in thi section 4.12 shall requir custom to accept ani such propos altern date of inspect or audit ) . notwithstand the limit set forth in the -41- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 forego sentenc , custom may more frequent conduct “ for caus ” physic inspect or audit of a facil with five ( 5 ) day ’ advanc written notic to manufactur if custom ha reason caus to believ that an inspect or audit of such facil is warrant becaus manufactur ’ s activ with respect to such facil are in breach of thi agreement , applic law , the qualiti agreement or the applic facil addendum . ani such inspect or audit shall includ access to relev record ( subject to the term of section 15.2 ) and personnel and be present dure , as applic , start-up manufactur oper , valid , clean , sampl , laboratori test , warehous receiv and storag , pack out and ship . manufactur shall provid technic assist and direct to custom and it repres at the facil . subject to the term and condit set forth herein , custom may conduct , at it own expens , period qualiti audit , to ensur manufactur ’ s complianc with the term of thi agreement . manufactur shall cooper with custom ’ s repres for all of these purpos , and shall promptli correct ani defici note dure the audit . ani record or inform access or otherwis obtain by custom or it repres dure ani such inspect or audit or ani visit at ani facil shall be deem manufactur ’ s confidenti and proprietari inform and each repres of custom will be subject to non-us and other confidenti oblig substanti compar to those set forth herein for custom . 4.13 segreg of restrict compound . unless otherwis set forth in a facil addendum with respect to a product , manufactur shall not manufactur a product use facil or equip share with the follow class of product without prior consult and agreement with custom : ( a ) steroid , hormon , or otherwis highli activ or toxic product that carri a likelihood of a seriou advers effect ( e.g. , carcinogenicity; anaphylaxis; reproduct and/or development toxicity; seriou target organ toxic ) follow a potenti product cross-contamin or carry-ov scenario , particularli at low exposur concentr ( i.e. , with refer to an accept daili exposur ( ade ) valu or permit daili exposur ( pde ) valu < 10 µg/day ) ; ( b ) immunosuppressor where the ade or pde valu < 10 µg/day; ( c ) live or infecti biolog agents; ( d ) live or attenu vaccines; ( e ) biotherapeut where the ade or pde valu < 10 µg/day and suffici deactiv can not be demonstrated; ( f ) product exclus for anim use; ( g ) non-medicin products; or ( h ) radiopharmaceut . manufactur shall not manufactur ani highli sensit product , includ beta-lactam antibiot , as well as certain non-beta-lactam antibiot , or otherwis highli sensit product that can elicit an immedi hypersensit reaction ( type i hypersensitivity; immunoglobulin e-medi ) in the same facil as a product . -42- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 4.14 packag materi . unless otherwis provid in the applic facil addendum , custom shall determin and be respons for the text ( includ ani logo or other graphic ) for all packag materi use in connect with product . manufactur shall assur that all packag materi are accur and consist with custom ’ s specif for such text or graphic , includ such matter as placement , size and color . manufactur shall promptli notifi custom of ani error or defici in such provid packag materi . 5. coven . 5.1 mutual coven . each parti herebi coven to the other parti that it will perform it activ under thi agreement in full complianc with all applic global trade control law , includ as follow : ( a ) unless a licens or other author is first obtain , the issuanc of which is not guarante , neither parti will knowingli transfer to the other parti ani good , softwar , technolog or servic that are ( 1 ) control at a level other than ear99 under the u.s. export administr regulations; ( 2 ) control under the u.s. intern traffic in arm regulations; ( 3 ) specif identifi as an e.u . dual use item; or ( 4 ) on an applic export control list of a foreign country; ( b ) prior to engag in ani activ in a restrict market , involv individu ordinarili resid in a restrict market or includ compani , organ , or government author from or locat in a restrict market in each case in connect with thi agreement , each parti must first notifi the other parti ( which notic , notwithstand section 17 , shall be address to ( a ) pluto at gtcpfizer.com and ( b ) spinco at [ ● ] ) , who will review and , if compliant with global trade control law , approv ( subject to ani appropri condit ) such activ ( such approv not to be unreason withheld or delay ) , within five ( 5 ) busi day of such notification; provid that ( 1 ) to the extent relat to u.s. sanction or export control , such notif and approv shall not be requir if the activ contempl would be permiss for u.s. person subject to u.s. sanction ( includ without limit under a u.s. depart of the treasuri offic of foreign asset control gener licens ) , and ( 2 ) onc notif is made and approv is grant with respect to a specif counterparti in a restrict market , further notif and approv will not be requir for futur transact or activ with the same counterparti ( unless there is a chang in circumst , process or intermedi parti , includ , but not limit to , carrier , or otherwis a chang to global trade control law relev to that restrict market or counterparti ) ; provid that , notwithstand the forego , neither parti shall undertak ani of the activ describ in thi claus ( 2 ) without the prior written approv of the other party; and -43- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( c ) notwithstand anyth set forth in section 4.14 to the contrari , for the purpos of ani and all packag and ship of ani good , softwar , technolog or servic pursuant to the activ contempl under thi agreement , manufactur will determin : ( i ) a classif under relev import and export laws; ( ii ) the countri of origin; and ( iii ) a valu for customs; provid , howev , that the parti act as the import of record ( ior ) or export of record ( eor ) shall have the right to request a review of ani determin contempl by claus ( i ) , ( ii ) or ( iii ) above; provid , further , that if the ior or eor ( as applic ) disagre with such determin , then such parti shall maintain the right to refus to export or import the applic good , softwar , technolog or servic . 5.2 manufactur coven . manufactur herebi coven to custom that : ( a ) the facil and all equip , tool and mold util in the manufactur and suppli of product hereund by or on behalf of manufactur shall , dure the term of thi agreement , be maintain in good oper condit and shall be maintain and oper in accord with all applic law . the manufactur and storag oper , procedur and process util in manufactur and suppli of product hereund ( includ the facil ) shall be in full complianc with all applic law , includ cgmp and health and safeti law . ( b ) manufactur shall perform all of it oblig under thi agreement in complianc with the applic law in the territori . manufactur is in complianc and shall continu to compli , and shall caus it personnel to compli , with all applic law , includ law requir serialization; provid that , with respect to complianc with law requir serial , custom shall reimburs manufactur for all invest made or cost incur by manufactur in connect with ani serial requir specif to a given product or product ( which , for clariti , shall not includ serial requir applic to both product and other product produc by manufactur in the facil ) , but onli to the extent such cost are reason and document and are direct specif with respect to a product or product . manufactur ha and shall continu to have , and shall caus it personnel to have , all profession licens , consent , author , permit , and certif , and shall have and shall caus it personnel to have complet all registr and made such notif as requir by applic law for it perform of the servic under thi agreement . ( c ) manufactur shall hold dure the term of thi agreement all licens , permit and similar author requir by ani government author in the territori for manufactur to perform it oblig under thi agreement . -44- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( d ) manufactur shall have good titl to all product suppli to custom pursuant to thi agreement and shall pass such titl to custom ( or it designe ) free and clear of ani secur interest , lien , or other encumbr . ( e ) product furnish by manufactur to custom under thi agreement : ( i ) shall be manufactur , packag , label , handl , store and deliv in accord with , shall be of the qualiti specifi in , and shall conform upon deliveri to custom ( or it designe ) to , the specifications; ( ii ) shall be manufactur , packag , label , handl , store and deliv in complianc with all applic law includ , without limit , cgmp , and in accord with the qualiti agreement , thi agreement and the applic facil addendum; ( iii ) shall not contain ani product materi that ha not been use , handl or store by or on behalf of manufactur in accord with the specif , all applic law , the qualiti agreement , thi agreement and the applic facil addendum; ( iv ) shall not be adulter or misbrand within the mean of section 501 and 502 , respect , of the act or ani other applic law; and ( v ) shall , at the time deliv , have at least a remain shelf-lif as specifi in the applic facil addendum . notwithstand the forego claus ( i ) through ( v ) of thi section 5.2 ( e ) or anyth els contain in thi agreement or ani facil addendum or qualiti agreement , manufactur shall have no liabil under thi agreement ( includ under section 4.11 ( b ) or section 10.1 ) or ani facil addendum or qualiti agreement for ani non-compli product which is non-compli due to ani non-compli customer-suppli materi or non-compli buy-sel materi . ( f ) manufactur ha not and will not directli or indirectli offer or pay , or author such offer or payment , of ani money or anyth of valu or improperli or corruptli seek to influenc ani govern offici or ani other person in order to gain an improp busi advantag , and , ha not accept , and will not accept in the futur , such a payment . manufactur will compli with the anti-briberi and anti-corrupt principl set forth in attach d. ( g ) manufactur shall ensur that it and it personnel compli with the standard polici , regul and direct list on attach e and incorpor herein . -45- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 5.3 manufactur ’ s social respons . ( a ) manufactur coven that it shall not , dure the term of thi agreement ( i ) use involuntari or underag labor ( defin in accord with applic law ) at the facil where it perform under thi agreement will occur or ( ii ) maintain unsaf or unhealthi condit in ani dormitori or lodg that it provid for it employe . manufactur agre that dure the term of thi agreement , it shall promptli correct unsaf or unhealthi condit in ani dormitori or lodg that it provid for it employe . ( b ) manufactur coven that it will perform it oblig under thi agreement in a manner consist with all of the pharmaceut industri principl for respons suppli chain manag , as codifi as of the effect date at http : //www.pharmaceuticalsupplychain.org . ( c ) manufactur shall not use , and shall not allow to be use , ani ( i ) cassiterit , columbite-tantalit , gold , wolframit , or the deriv tantalum , tin or tungsten that origin in the democrat republ of congo or an adjoin countri or ( ii ) ani other miner or it deriv determin by the secretari of state to be financ conflict pursuant to section 13 ( p ) of the secur exchang act of 1934 ( ( i ) - ( ii ) collect , “ conflict miner ” ) , in the product of ani product . notwithstand the forego , if manufactur use , or determin that it ha use , a conflict miner in the product of ani product , manufactur shall immedi notifi custom , which notic shall contain a written descript of the use of the conflict miner , includ , without limit , whether the conflict miner appear in ani amount in the applic product ( includ trace amount ) and a valid and verifi certif of origin of the conflict miner use . manufactur must be abl to demonstr that it undertook a reason countri of origin inquiri and due dilig process in connect with it prepar and deliveri of the certif of origin . ( d ) manufactur will provid custom with period access , upon reason notic , to ani of it facil where it is perform under thi agreement , to it employe and record and to ani associ dormitori or lodg that manufactur provid to it employe , to permit custom to determin manufactur ’ s complianc with thi section 5.3. custom may exercis it inspect right under thi section 5.3 ( d ) upon receipt of ani inform that would suggest to a reason person that manufactur is not fulfil it oblig under thi section 5.3 . 5.4 notic of materi event . manufactur will promptli notifi custom of ani actual or anticip event of which manufactur is awar that have or would be reason expect to have a materi effect on ani product or on it abil to manufactur or suppli ani product in accord with the provis set forth herein , includ ani labor difficulti , strike , shortag in materi , plant close , interrupt in activ and the like . -46- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 5.5 disclaim of warranti . except as expressli provid in thi agreement , neither parti make nor receiv ani warranti of ani kind , express , impli , statutori or otherwis , includ warranti of merchant , suitabl or fit for a particular purpos , titl and non-infring of ani firmwar , softwar or hardwar provid or use hereund , and ani represent or warranti aris from cours of deal , cours of perform or trade usag , and all such represent and warranti are herebi expressli disclaim . 6. environment coven . 6.1 complianc with environment law . ( a ) manufactur shall perform all of it oblig herein in complianc with all environment law and all licens , registr , notif , certif , approv , author or permit requir under environment law . ( b ) manufactur shall be sole respons for all environment liabil aris from it perform of thi agreement . 6.2 permit , licens and author . ( a ) manufactur shall be sole respons for obtain , and shall obtain in a time manner , and maintain in good stand , all licens , registr , notif , certif , approv , author or permit requir under environment law , whether de novo document or modif to exist document , which are necessari to perform the servic hereund , and shall bear all cost and expens associ therewith . ( b ) manufactur shall provid copi of all materi item referenc in section 6.2 ( a ) to custom upon request by custom and shall oper in complianc therewith . ( c ) manufactur shall provid custom with reason prompt verbal notic , confirm in write within twenty-four ( 24 ) hour , in the event of ani major incid , which shall includ ani event , occurr , or circumst , includ ani government or privat action , which materi impact or could materi impact manufactur ’ s abil to fulfil it oblig under thi agreement . these includ , but are not limit to : ( i ) materi revoc or modif of ani of the document describ in section 6.2 ( a ) , -47- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( ii ) ani action by government author that may reason lead to the materi revoc or modif of manufactur ’ s requir permit , licens , or author , as list abov , ( iii ) ani third parti claim against the manag or ownership of the facil that could reason materi impact manufactur ’ s oblig under thi agreement , ( iv ) ani fire , explos , signific accid , or catastroph releas of hazard materi , or signific “ near miss ” incid , ( v ) ani signific non-compli with environment law and ( vi ) ani environment condit or oper practic that may reason be believ to present a signific threat to human health , safeti or the environ . ( d ) notwithstand the requir note abov , each parti , whether custom or manufactur , is requir to creat and maintain : ( i ) requir licens , permit and agreement , includ those necessari to affect import , export , and activ cover by econom sanction regul , includ annual agreement for activ involv restrict markets; ( ii ) polici , procedur , control , and system to support complianc with global trade control laws; and ( iii ) agreement with custom broker , freight forward , financi institut , and other third parti , as necessari . 6.3 gener of hazard wast . without limit other legal applic requir , manufactur shall prepar , execut and maintain , as the gener of wast , all registr , notic , ship document and manifest requir under applic environment law and in accord therewith . manufactur shall util onli reput and law wast transport and dispos vendor , and shall not knowingli util ani such vendor whose oper endang human health or the environ . 6.4 environment sustain inform . manufactur will disclos to custom , on an annual basi , it result with respect to ani effort to reduc greenhous ga emiss , water consumpt or the gener of wast associ with the perform of thi agreement , to the extent manufactur otherwis prepar such result . 6.5 environment and health and safeti review . ( a ) manufactur coven that it will , to the manufactur ’ s knowledg , complet and accur disclos to custom all materi environment and health and safeti inform regard it product ( includ an oblig to supplement thi inform , as necessari ) dure the term of thi agreement , as reason request by custom . -48- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( b ) manufactur shall permit custom ( at custom ’ s expens ) to conduct reason annual review of the environment and health and safeti practic and perform of the facil with respect to the product where manufactur ’ s perform under thi agreement is occurring; provid that such review shall not includ ani invas sampl at such facil and shall not unreason interfer with manufactur ’ s oper of such facil . in connect with such review , manufactur shall reason assist in the complet of an environment health and safeti survey of manufactur or the schedul of an environment health and safeti audit of the facil , as applic , in each case with respect to the product . custom shall share it find ( includ ani defici ) with manufactur as soon as practic , manufactur shall have the sole right to report ani such defici to third parti and manufactur shall use commerci reason effort to correct , at no expens to custom , such defici in it environment and health and safeti manag practic with respect to the product that are not in complianc with applic law or creat signific risk to human health or the environ . manufactur acknowledg that such review conduct by custom are for the benefit of custom only; they are not a substitut for manufactur ’ s own environment and health and safeti manag oblig under thi agreement and accordingli , manufactur may not reli upon them . 7. term; termin . 7.1 term of agreement . unless otherwis provid in the applic facil addendum , thi agreement ( a ) shall commenc on the effect date and shall continu for a period of four ( 4 ) year from such date ( the “ initi term ” of thi agreement ) , unless sooner termin pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 , 7.6 or 7.7 , and ( b ) may be extend for up to three ( 3 ) addit period of twelv ( 12 ) month ( each , an “ extens period ” ) by written notic given by custom to manufactur not less than twelv ( 12 ) month prior to the expir of the initi term or the applic extens period , as the case may be . the initi term and all extens period shall be refer to collect as the “ term ” of thi agreement . for the avoid of doubt , the term of thi agreement shall continu until all facil addenda hereund expir or otherwis termin , unless thi agreement or such facil addenda are sooner termin pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 , 7.6 or 7.7 . -49- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 7.2 term of facil addendum . unless otherwis provid in the applic facil addendum , each facil addendum shall commenc on the effect date and shall continu for a period of four ( 4 ) year from such date ( the “ initi term ” of the facil addendum ) , unless extend or termin pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 , 7.6 or 7.7. a facil addendum may be extend for up to three ( 3 ) addit period of twelv ( 12 ) month ( each , an “ extens period ” ) by written notic given by custom to manufactur not less than twelv ( 12 ) month prior to the expir of the initi term or the applic extens period , as the case may be . the initi term and all extens period shall be refer to collect as the “ term ” of the facil addendum . 7.3 termin for caus . ( a ) either parti may termin thi agreement and the applic facil addendum , on a product-by-product basi , with respect to a particular product , upon written notic to the other parti in the event of a materi breach by the other parti of ani term of thi agreement or facil addendum with respect to such product , which breach remain uncur for nineti ( 90 ) calendar day follow written notic to such breach parti of such materi breach . ( b ) either parti may termin thi agreement and the applic facil addendum , on a facil addendum-by-facil addendum basi , with respect to a particular facil , upon written notic to the other parti in the event of a materi breach by the other parti of ani term of thi agreement or facil addendum with respect to such facil , which breach remain uncur for nineti ( 90 ) calendar day follow written notic to such breach parti of such materi breach . ( c ) for clariti , in the event that multipl product are manufactur by or on behalf of manufactur under thi agreement in the same facil , a materi breach by manufactur of thi agreement or facil addendum that is an act or omiss specif to one or more product in a facil , but not all product in such facil , shall give rise to an abil of custom to termin thi agreement sole with respect to the affect product ( s ) under section 7.3 ( a ) but shall not give rise to an abil of custom to termin the relev facil addendum under section 7.3 ( b ) . 7.4 termin for disposit of facil . in the event that manufactur or ani of it affili , directli or indirectli , sell , assign , leas , convey , transfer or otherwis dispos of ani facil ( a “ facil disposit ” ) , then manufactur shall immedi notifi custom of such event and custom shall be entitl for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the receipt of such notic to termin ani facil addendum with respect to such facil for caus immedi upon written notic to manufactur and , in the event custom decid not to termin the facil addendum for caus , custom shall be entitl for a period of two ( 2 ) year ( or such longer period in order to obtain approv for manufactur from all applic government author ) after -50- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 receipt of such notic to receiv technic support at manufactur ’ s sole cost to enabl custom to orderli transfer product of affect product or product to a custom facil or an altern facil as design by customer; provid that manufactur shall notifi custom of ani propos or plan facil disposit by manufactur or ani of it affili as soon as reason practic and in ani event no later than the date that is three ( 3 ) month prior to the effect date of such facil disposit . 7.5 termin in event of insolv . in the event that a parti hereto ( a ) becom insolv , or institut or ha institut against it a petit for bankruptci or is adjud bankrupt , ( b ) execut a bill of sale , deed of trust , or a gener assign for the benefit of creditor , ( c ) is dissolv or liquid or ( d ) ha a receiv appoint for the benefit of it creditor , or ha a receiv appoint on account of insolv ( in the case of claus ( a ) – ( d ) , such parti shall be refer to as the “ insolv parti ” ) , then the insolv parti shall immedi notifi the other parti of such event and such other parti shall be entitl to ( i ) termin thi agreement or ani and all facil addenda for caus immedi upon written notic to the insolv parti or ( ii ) request that the insolv parti or it successor provid adequ assur of continu and futur perform in form and substanc accept to such other parti , which shall be provid by the insolv parti within ten ( 10 ) calendar day of such request , and the other parti may termin thi agreement and ani or all facil addenda for caus immedi upon written notic to the insolv parti in the event that the insolv parti fail to provid such assur accept to the other parti within such ten ( 10 ) day period . 7.6 termin for breach of anti-briberi represent . custom may termin thi agreement and ani and all facil addenda effect immedi upon notic to manufactur , if manufactur ( a ) breach ani of the represent and warranti set forth in section 5.2 ( f ) or ( b ) custom learn ( i ) that improp payment are be or have been made or offer to ani govern offici or ani other person by manufactur or those act on behalf of manufactur with respect to ani oblig perform hereund or ( ii ) that manufactur or those act on behalf of manufactur with respect to the perform of ani oblig hereund ha accept ani payment , item , or benefit , regardless of valu , as an improp induc to award , obtain or retain busi or otherwis gain or grant an improp busi advantag from or to ani other person or entiti . further , in the event of such termin , manufactur shall not be entitl to ani further payment , regardless of ani activ undertaken or agreement with addit third parti enter into by manufactur prior to such termin , and manufactur shall be liabl for damag or remedi as provid by thi agreement , at law or in equiti . -51- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 7.7 termin for conveni by custom . ( a ) thi agreement and/or ani or all facil addendum ( unless otherwis specifi in the applic facil addendum ) may be termin on a product-by-product basi by custom immedi upon written notic to manufactur , if custom can not continu to distribut , use , market or sell such product suppli under thi agreement or the relev facil addendum without violat ani then-curr law . ( b ) thi agreement and/or ani or all facil addenda shall be deem to be termin by custom on a product-by-product basi without ani further action of either custom or manufactur in the event that custom fail to order a product dure ani roll eighteen ( 18 ) month period; provid that thi subsect ( b ) shall not appli with respect to api as product . 7.8 effect of termin or expir . ( a ) the termin or expir of thi agreement ( whether in it entireti or with respect to ani product or facil ) or ani facil addendum for ani reason shall not releas ani parti hereto of ani liabil which at the time of termin or expir had alreadi accru to the other parti in respect to ani act or omiss prior thereto . ( b ) upon termin of thi agreement by custom in whole or in part or upon the termin of ani facil addendum , in each case , pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , and on a terminated-product-by-terminated-product basi , at custom ’ s option and pursuant to custom ’ s instruct , manufactur shall provid custom with suffici inventori of such termin product to ensur busi continu accord to then-curr term and price ( subject to section 3 ) until the earlier of : ( i ) custom ’ s identif of , and secur of regulatori approv for , anoth supplier of such termin product or ( ii ) unless otherwis set forth in the applic facil addendum as the “ inventori tail period ” for such product , a time period that reflect custom ’ s reason need of such product as mutual agre upon by the parti in good faith . manufactur shall take such further action , at manufactur ’ s expens , that custom may reason request to minim delay and expens aris from termin or expir of thi agreement . for the avoid of doubt , manufactur ’ s oblig to suppli product pursuant to thi section 7.8 ( b ) shall be subject to and govern by the term of thi agreement , includ term pertain to forecast and purchas order and payment term . ( c ) upon custom ’ s request at ani time dure the term , manufactur shall promptli notifi custom of ani materi contract , licens , permit , and other materi document , in each case , that are specif to , and are use sole in connect with , a product or facil addendum and provid copi or access thereto subject to ani restrict on the provis of copi -52- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 or access . upon termin or expir of thi agreement in whole or in part or ani facil addendum , if request by custom within nineti ( 90 ) day immedi follow the effect date of such expir or termin of thi agreement and pursuant to custom ’ s reason request and instruct , manufactur shall use commerci reason effort to , as applic , make assign or partial assign of such materi contract , licens , permit , and other materi document , as applic , in each case subject to ani restrict on assign , or as may otherwis be set forth in ani contract relat thereto . custom shall reimburs manufactur for all out-of-pocket cost reason incur by manufactur in activ conduct pursuant to thi section 7.8 ( c ) , unless thi agreement ha been termin by custom pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , in which case manufactur shall bear all such reason expens . ( d ) the termin or expir of thi agreement shall not affect the surviv and continu valid of section 2.10 ( transit support ) ( with respect to manufactur ’ s oblig and to the extent technic support ha been request prior to , or within nineti ( 90 ) day follow , the effect date of termin or expir ) , section 3.5 ( invoic and payment ) , section 4.1 , 4.5 , 4.6 , 4.8 , 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 and 4.13 ( manufactur standard and qualiti assur ) , section 5 ( coven ) , section 6 ( environment coven ) , section 7.8 ( effect of termin or expir ) , section 7.9 ( unus materi ) , section 7.10 ( return of materi , tool and equip ) , section 8 ( intellectu properti ) , section 10 ( indemnification; limit of liabil ) , section 11 ( insur ) , section 13 ( confidenti ) , section 15 ( record and audit ) , section 16 ( notic ) , section 17 ( miscellan ) , or of ani other provis which is expressli intend to continu in forc after such termin or expir . 7.9 unus materi . in the event of the expir of thi agreement or termin of thi agreement in whole or in part ( includ the termin of ani facil addendum ) by custom in accord with section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , custom may , at it option within nineti ( 90 ) day immedi follow the effect date of the expir or termin of thi agreement , purchas ani work in process and/or product materi that manufactur ha purchas exclus for custom in accord with thi agreement for the product of ani termin product . custom shall pay manufactur ’ s direct cost for work in process , and manufactur ’ s purchas price from it supplier for product materi . in the event of the termin of thi agreement by custom in accord with section 7.7 or the termin of thi agreement by manufactur in accord with section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , custom shall purchas at cost all product materi purchas in accord with custom ’ s purchas order and on reason relianc upon custom ’ s forecast; provid that manufactur use it reason commerci effort to exhaust exist stock of such product materi prior to the date of -53- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 termin . in the event of the termin or expir of thi agreement for ani other reason , custom shall have no oblig to purchas ani product materi . ani product materi that are not purchas or requir to be purchas by custom pursuant to thi section 7.9 shall be dispos of or destroy in accord with custom ’ s instruct , which cost shall be born by manufactur . 7.10 return of materi , tool and equip . ( a ) upon termin or expir of thi agreement in whole or in part or , with respect to ani product , facil or ani facil addendum for ani reason whatsoev , at custom ’ s request , manufactur shall , as promptli as practic given relev circumst , deliv to custom in accord with custom ’ s reason instruct all specif ( and copi thereof ) , artwork , label , bottl , all premium and packag materi purchas by custom and all product materi , buy-sel materi , customer-suppli materi , and equip , mold , tablet press tool or proprietari materi in manufactur ’ s possess and control that dure the term had , pursuant to thi agreement or a facil addendum , either ( i ) been provid by custom to manufactur , or ( ii ) purchas by manufactur ( and reimburs by custom ) , in each case , that are use and held for use exclus for the manufactur for custom of product or product impact by such termin or expiration; provid that manufactur shall not be so requir to deliv ani materi , tool or equip that are fixtur or fit or ani item the remov of which from the facil use good faith dilig effort would be reason like to disrupt in ani materi respect , or caus damag to , the facil or it oper or ani materi , tool or equip own , leas or otherwis control by manufactur or ani of it affili or ani materi expens . at custom ’ s request , manufactur shall , as promptli as reason practic given relev circumst and in accord with custom ’ s reason instruct , remov all such equip , mold and tablet press tool from the facil and make such equip , mold and tool avail for pickup at the facil by a carrier design by custom . all deliveri , remov and transport cost reason incur in connect with thi section 7.10 ( a ) shall be born by custom , except in the event custom termin thi agreement pursuant to section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , in which case all such reason cost shall be born by manufactur . ( b ) ani product quarantin at the time of expir or termin of thi agreement shall be dispos of or destroy by manufactur in accord with custom ’ s instruct and at custom ’ s cost; provid that , to the extent ( i ) such quarantin is the result of manufactur ’ s gross neglig , fraud , will misconduct or breach of thi agreement or ( ii ) thi agreement is termin in whole or in part with respect to such product ( includ the termin of the applic facil addendum ) by custom in accord with section 7.3 , 7.4 , 7.5 or 7.6 , then manufactur shall be respons for all cost incur by manufactur in connect with dispos and destroy such quarantin product . -54- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 8. intellectu properti . 8.1 custom ’ s intellectu properti . custom herebi grant to manufactur a non-exclus licens dure the term to use ani custom properti and customer-own improv and develop sole in connect with manufactur perform it oblig under thi agreement or the facil addendum in accord with the term hereof or thereof , as applic . manufactur shall not acquir ani other right , titl or interest in or to the custom properti or customer-own improv and develop as a result of it perform hereund , and ani and all goodwil aris from manufactur ’ s use of ani custom properti or customer-own improv and develop shall inur to the sole and exclus benefit of custom . 8.2 improv and develop . ( a ) each parti acknowledg and agre that improv or modif to custom properti may be made by or on behalf of manufactur ( “ improv ” ) , and creativ idea , proprietari inform , develop , or invent may be develop under or in connect with thi agreement by or on behalf of manufactur ( “ develop ” ) , in each case either alon or in concert with custom or third parti . ( b ) manufactur acknowledg and agre that , as between the parti , ani improv or develop that are specif to and otherwis sole relat to , the manufactur , process or packag of product ( such improv and develop , collect , “ customer-own improv and develop ” ) shall be the exclus properti of custom , and custom shall own all right , titl and interest in and to such customer-own improv and develop . manufactur agre to and herebi doe irrevoc transfer , assign and convey , and shall caus it personnel to irrevoc transfer , assign and convey , all right , titl and interest in and to each of the customer-own improv and develop to custom free and clear of ani encumbr , and manufactur agre to execut , and shall caus it subcontractor and personnel to execut , all document necessari to do so . all such assign shall includ exist or prospect intellectu properti right therein in ani countri . -55- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( c ) custom acknowledg and agre that , as between the parti , all improv and develop made by or on behalf of manufactur in the conduct of activ under thi agreement or a facil addendum other than customer-own improv and develop ( such improv and develop , collect , “ manufacturer-own improv and develop ” ) shall be the exclus properti of manufactur , and manufactur shall own all right , titl and interest in and to such manufacturer- own improv and develop . custom agre to and herebi doe irrevoc transfer , assign and convey , and shall caus it personnel to irrevoc transfer , assign and convey , all right , titl and interest in and to each of the manufacturer-own improv and develop to manufactur free and clear of ani encumbr , and custom agre to execut , and shall caus it personnel and subcontractor to execut , all document necessari to do so . all such assign shall includ exist or prospect intellectu properti right therein in ani countri . 8.3 ownership of other properti . unless otherwis agre by the parti or specifi in the separ agreement , custom is the sole owner of ani and all tool , specif , blueprint and design directli own and suppli or paid for by custom ( i.e. , not ani materi that are includ in the price of product ) , and manufactur shall not use , transfer , loan or public ani of the abov , except as necessari for it perform under thi agreement . 8.4 limit right to use . subject to the provis of section 8.1 , noth set forth in thi agreement shall be constru to grant to manufactur ani titl , right or interest in or to ani intellectu properti control by custom or ani of it affili . use by manufactur of ani such intellectu properti shall be limit exclus to it perform of thi agreement . 9. joint advisori committe . 9.1 format and role . the parti shall , as soon as practic but not later than within nineti ( 90 ) day after the effect date , form a joint advisori committe ( the “ joint advisori committe ” or “ jac ” ) . the jac will provid a forum for the good faith discuss of major matter relat to thi agreement , includ in particular ( but not limit to ) matter of commerci perform , suppli , overal perform , capit invest and busi plan ( strategi and manag ) , and the transit to customer-suppli materi arrang contempl by section 12.1 ( f ) , but also ani other item , matter or activ , includ with respect to ani facil . -56- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 9.2 membership; chair . ( a ) membership . the jac shall consist of up to five ( 5 ) repres appoint by each parti in write , or such other number of repres as the parti may agre in write from time to time ( each , a “ jac member ” ) . either parti may invit ani person that is not a jac member ( includ consult and advisor of a parti ) to particip in meet of the jac , without a right to particip in the discuss of the jac , so long as ( i ) such person is under an appropri oblig of confidenti , ( ii ) the invit parti provid at least three ( 3 ) busi day ’ prior notic to the other parti identifi such person and ( iii ) the non- invit parti doe not reason object to such person particip in the discuss of the jac prior to such meet . ( b ) jac chair . the jac shall be co-chair by one jac member of each parti ( each , a “ jac chair ” ) , to be elect by the respect parti when name it jac member . the jac chair shall cooper in good faith to : ( i ) notifi the jac member of each parti of each jac meet , which notic shall be provid at least thirti ( 30 ) calendar day in advanc of such meet ( to the extent practic ) with respect to the ordinari quarterli jac meetings; ( ii ) collect and organ agenda item for each jac meet , and circul such agenda to all jac member at least two ( 2 ) busi day prior to each meet date; provid , howev , that ani jac member shall be free to propos addit topic to be includ on such agenda , either prior to or in the cours of ani jac meeting; ( iii ) presid at jac meetings; and ( iv ) prepar the written minut of each jac meet and circul such minut for review and approv by the jac member of each parti , and identifi action item to be carri out . 9.3 meet . ( a ) ordinari jac meet . dure the term of thi agreement , the jac shall meet on a quarterli basi or as otherwis determin in write by the parti , and such meet may be conduct in person , by videoconfer or by telephon confer ( each such meet , a “ jac meet ” ) . in-person meet of the jac will altern between appropri venu of each parti , as reason determin by the parti . the parti shall each bear all expens of their respect repres relat to their particip on the jac . the member of the jac also may conven or be poll or consult from time to time by mean of telecommun , video or telephon confer , electron mail or correspond , as deem necessari or appropri . ( b ) addit jac meet . either parti may call an addit meet of the jac at ani time upon twenti ( 20 ) busi day ’ prior written notic if such parti reason determin that there is a need for discuss at the level of a jac meet on top of the ordinari quarterli jac meet , and reason specifi such ground in it notic to the other parti . -57- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( c ) provis of inform . upon the request of the jac chair or at least four ( 4 ) member of the jac , each parti will provid written materi and inform relat to matter within the purview of the jac in advanc of a jac meet . in addit , the jac shall be inform by each parti in good faith about ani matter or issu within the purview of the jac which a parti should reason deem to be of high import for the other parti . 9.4 area of respons . subject to the term of thi agreement , the jac shall act as a forum to discuss in good faith in particular the follow major item , matter and area of interest : ( a ) overse , review and coordin the activ of the parti under thi agreement; ( b ) each facil ’ s overal perform under thi agreement; and ( c ) ani other major matter , role , oblig and respons under thi agreement , to the extent ani parti reason provid such matter to the jac for discuss . 9.5 advisori role; no decision-mak author . ( a ) advisori role . the jac and it member shall onli have an advisori role and shall discuss in good faith and provid to the parti it opinion on the matter in it purview . the parti agre to reason take into account the opinion and view express by the jac and it member for perform their respect oblig under thi agreement . ( b ) no decision-mak author . the jac shall have no decision-mak author over the matter in it purview unless the parti mutual decid in write to deleg the decision-mak author on such specif item or matter to the jac . moreov , it shall not be within the author of the jac to ( i ) directli impos on either parti or it affili ani addit oblig ( s ) or a resolut on the parti with respect to ani disput regard the exist or extent/amount of ani oblig , includ payment oblig , under thi agreement , or to ( ii ) amend , modifi or waiv complianc with thi agreement . 10. indemnification; limit of liabil . 10.1 indemnif of custom . ( a ) subject to the provis of thi section 10 and , for clariti , without limit anyth in the separ agreement or ani other ancillari agreement , manufactur shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless custom , it affili and it and their respect director , offic , manag , member , employe and agent , and each of the heir , executor , successor and assign of ani of the forego ( each , a “ custom indemnifi parti ” ) from and against ani and all loss of such custom -58- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 indemnifi parti to the extent relat to , aris out of or result from ani action of a third parti aris out of or result from ani of the follow item ( without duplic ) : ( i ) ani breach by manufactur or it personnel of thi agreement or ani facil addendum; ( ii ) ani injuri or death of ani person due to ani breach by manufactur or it personnel of thi agreement or ani facil addendum; ( iii ) the infring or misappropri of a third parti ’ s intellectu properti by the use or practic by manufactur or it affili of ani product manufactur process that ha been chang ( includ as to the facil in which such manufactur process take place ) on or follow the effect date without the written approv of custom to make such change; ( iv ) manufactur ’ s suppli of non-compli product under thi agreement; or ( v ) the gross neglig , fraud or will misconduct of manufactur or it personnel in connect with the perform or non-perform of thi agreement . ( b ) notwithstand the forego , manufactur shall not be liabl for loss describ in section 10.1 ( a ) to the extent such loss are : ( i ) caus by the gross neglig , fraud or will misconduct of a custom indemnifi parti in connect with the perform or non-perform of thi agreement; ( ii ) caus by the breach of ani of the term of thi agreement or a facil addendum by a custom indemnifi parti , includ in connect with the perform or non-perform of thi agreement or ( iii ) subject to custom ’ s indemnif oblig pursuant to section 10.2 . 10.2 indemnif of manufactur . ( a ) subject to the provis of thi section 10 and , for clariti , without limit anyth in the separ agreement or ani ancillari agreement , custom shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless manufactur , it affili and it and their respect director , offic , manag , member , employe and agent , and each of the heir , executor , successor and assign of ani of the forego ( each , a “ manufactur indemnifi parti ” ) from and against ani and all loss of such manufactur indemnifi parti to the extent relat to , aris out of or result from ani action of a third parti aris out of or result from ani of the follow item ( without duplic ) : ( i ) ani breach by custom or it personnel of thi agreement or ani facil addendum; ( ii ) the gross neglig , fraud or will misconduct of custom or it personnel in connect with the perform or non-perform of thi agreement; ( iii ) the infring or misappropri of a third parti ’ s intellectu properti by the use or practic by manufactur or it affili in perform of thi agreement of ani product manufactur process that ha been chang with the written approv of custom to make such change; ( iv ) custom ’ s suppli of non-compli customer-suppli materi or non-compli buy- sell materi under thi agreement; or ( v ) the use , sale , offer for sale , import or other commerci of ani product ( includ ani injuri or death of ani person due to ani of the forego in thi claus ( v ) ) . -59- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( b ) notwithstand the forego , custom shall not be liabl for loss describ in section 10.2 ( a ) to the extent such loss are : ( i ) caus by the gross neglig , fraud or will misconduct of a manufactur indemnifi parti in connect with the perform or non-perform of thi agreement; ( ii ) caus by the breach of ani of the term of thi agreement or ani facil addendum by a manufactur indemnifi parti or ( iii ) are subject to manufactur ’ s indemnif oblig pursuant to section 10.1. furthermor , custom shall not be liabl for loss pursuant to section 10.2 ( a ) ( iii ) abov to the extent such infring or misappropri is caus by manufactur ’ s unauthor use or unauthor modif of ani custom properti , customer- own improv and develop , buy-sel materi or customer-suppli materi . 10.3 indemnif procedur . ( a ) if , at or follow the date of thi agreement , ani person entitl to be indemnifi under thi section 10 ( the “ indemnite ” ) shall receiv notic or otherwis learn of the assert by a person ( includ ani government author ) who is not a member of the pluto group or the spinco group of ani claim or of the commenc by ani such person of ani action with respect to which the parti from whom indemnif may be sought under thi section 10 ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) ( such claim , a “ third-parti claim ” ) , such indemnite shall give such indemnifi parti written notic thereof as promptli as practic , but in ani event within thirti ( 30 ) day ( or sooner if the natur of the third-parti claim so requir ) after becom awar of such third-parti claim . ani such notic shall describ the third-parti claim in reason detail , includ the fact and circumst give rise to such claim for indemnif , and includ copi of all notic and document ( includ court paper ) receiv by the indemnite relat to the third-parti claim . notwithstand the forego , the failur of ani indemnite to provid notic as provid in thi section 10.3 ( a ) shall not reliev an indemnifi parti of it oblig under thi section 10 , except to the extent , and onli to the extent , that such indemnifi parti is materi prejud by such failur to give notic in accord with thi section 10.3 ( a ) . ( b ) an indemnifi parti may elect ( but shall not be requir ) to defend ( and seek to settl or compromis ) , at such indemnifi parti ’ s own expens and by such indemnifi parti ’ s own counsel ( which counsel shall be reason satisfactori to the indemnite ) , ani third-parti claim; provid that the indemnifi parti shall not be entitl to defend such third-parti claim and shall pay the reason fee and expens of one separ -60- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 counsel for all indemnite if the claim for indemnif relat to or aris in connect with ani crimin action , indict or alleg or if such third-parti claim seek an injunct or equit relief against the indemnite ( and not ani indemnifi parti or ani of it affili ) . within thirti ( 30 ) day after the receipt of notic from an indemnite in accord with section 10.3 ( a ) ( or sooner , if the natur of such third-parti claim so requir ) , the indemnifi parti shall notifi the indemnite of it elect whether the indemnifi parti will assum respons for defend such third-parti claim , which elect shall specifi ani reserv or except to it defens . after notic from an indemnifi parti to an indemnite of it elect to assum the defens of a third-parti claim , such indemnite shall have the right to employ separ counsel and to particip in ( but not control ) the defens , compromis , or settlement thereof , but the fee and expens of such counsel shall be the expens of such indemnitee; provid , howev , in the event that the indemnifi parti ha elect to assum the defens of the third-parti claim but ha specifi , and continu to assert , ani reserv or except in such notic , then , in such case , the reason fee and expens of one separ counsel for all indemnite shall be born by the indemnifi party; and provid further that the indemnifi parti will pay the reason fee and expens of such separ counsel if , base on the reason opinion of legal counsel to the indemnite , a conflict or potenti conflict of interest exist between the indemnifi parti and the indemnite which make represent of both parti inappropri under applic standard of profession conduct . ( c ) if an indemnifi parti elect not to assum respons for defend a third-parti claim , or fail to notifi an indemnite of it elect as provid in section 10.3 ( b ) , then the applic indemnite may defend such third-parti claim at the cost and expens of the indemnifi parti to the extent indemnif is avail under the term of thi agreement . if an indemnifi parti elect not to assum respons for defend a third-parti claim , or fail to notifi an indemnite of it elect as provid in section 10.3 ( b ) , then , it shall not be a defens to ani oblig of the indemnifi parti to pay ani amount in respect of such third-parti claim that the indemnifi parti wa not consult in the defens thereof , that such indemnifi parti ’ s view or opinion as to the conduct of such defens were not accept or adopt , that such indemnifi parti doe not approv of the qualiti or manner of the defens thereof or , subject to section 10.3 ( d ) , that such third-parti claim wa incur by reason of a settlement rather than by a judgment or other determin of liabil . ( d ) neither parti may settl or compromis ani third-parti claim for which either parti is seek to be indemnifi hereund without the prior written consent of the other parti , which consent may not be unreason withheld , condit or delay , unless such settlement or compromis is sole for monetari damag that are fulli payabl by the settl or compromis parti , doe not involv ani admiss , find or determin of wrongdo or violat of law by the other parti and provid for a full , uncondit and irrevoc releas of the other parti from all liabil in connect with the third-parti claim . -61- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 10.4 limit on liabil . ( a ) except in the event of ( i ) third parti claim subject to a parti ’ s indemnif oblig pursuant to section 10.1 , ( ii ) third parti claim subject to a parti ’ s indemnif oblig pursuant to section 10.2 , ( iii ) the gross neglig , fraud or will misconduct of a parti or it personnel , ( iv ) a parti ’ s will breach of thi agreement , ( v ) a breach of section 13 or ( vi ) custom liabil pursuant to , and subject to the limit set forth in , section 2.5 ( e ) , neither parti ’ s aggreg liabil to the other parti ( or it personnel that are indemnite under section 10.1 or section 10.2 , as applic ) under thi agreement for the initi twelv ( 12 ) month period immedi follow the effect date , and for ani twelv ( 12 ) month period thereaft dure the term , shall exceed , on a cumul basi , the amount that is one and one half ( 11∕2 ) time the aggreg amount paid or payabl pursuant to thi agreement in the preced twelv ( 12 ) month period preced the loss date by custom to manufactur but sole with respect to the suppli hereund of product ( or product ) for which such correspond liabil aros ( the “ affect product ” ) and not ani other product ( or if , as of the time the liabil aris , thi agreement ha not been in effect for twelv ( 12 ) month , then the amount paid or payabl by custom to manufactur hereund dure the period from the effect date until such time the liabil aris , shall be annual to a full twelv ( 12 ) month but sole with respect to the suppli hereund of the affect product ( s ) and not ani other product ) . ( b ) notwithstand ani other provis of thi agreement to the contrari , except for damag or claim aris out of ( i ) a breach of section 13 of thi agreement , ( ii ) custom liabil pursuant to , and subject to the limit set forth in , section 2.5 ( e ) , ( iii ) a parti ’ s or it personnel ’ s gross neglig , fraud or will misconduct , ( iv ) a parti ’ s will breach of thi agreement , or ( v ) a parti ’ s indemnif oblig with respect to third parti claim under section 10.1 or section 10.2 , in no event shall either parti be liabl to the other parti or ani indemnifi parti hereund for ani consequenti damag , special damag , incident or indirect damag , loss of revenu or profit , diminut in valu , damag base on multipl of revenu or earn or other perform metric , loss of busi reput , punit and exemplari damag or ani similar damag aris or result from or relat to thi agreement , whether such action is base on warranti , contract , tort ( includ neglig or strict liabil ) or otherwis . -62- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 10.5 indemnif oblig net of insur proce and other amount . ( a ) the parti intend that ani loss subject to indemnif or reimburs pursuant to thi section 10 will be net of insur proce or other amount actual recov ( net of ani out-of-pocket cost or expens incur in the collect thereof ) from ani person by or on behalf of the indemnite in respect of ani indemnifi liabil . accordingli , the amount that ani indemnifi parti is requir to pay to ani indemnite will be reduc by ani insur proce or other amount actual recov ( net of ani out-of-pocket cost or expens incur in the collect thereof ) from ani person by or on behalf of such indemnite in respect of the relat loss . if an indemnite receiv a payment ( an “ indemn payment ” ) requir by thi agreement from an indemnifi parti in respect of ani loss and subsequ receiv insur proce or ani other amount in respect of the relat loss , then the indemnite will pay to the indemnifi parti an amount equal to the excess of the indemn payment receiv over the amount of the indemn payment that would have been due if the insur proce or such other amount ( net of ani out-of-pocket cost or expens incur in the collect thereof ) had been receiv , realiz or recov befor the indemn payment wa made . ( b ) an insur that would otherwis be oblig to pay ani claim shall not be reliev of the respons with respect thereto or , sole by virtu of ani provis contain in thi agreement , have ani subrog right with respect thereto , it be expressli understood and agre that no insur or ani other third parti shall be entitl to a “ wind-fal ” ( i.e. , a benefit that such insur or other third parti would not be entitl to receiv in the absenc of the indemnif provis ) by virtu of the indemnif provis hereof . each parti shall , and shall caus the member of it group to , use commerci reason effort ( take into account the probabl of success on the merit and the cost of expend such effort , includ attorney ’ fee and expens ) to collect or recov ani insur proce that may be collect or recover respect the liabil for which indemnif may be avail under thi section 10. notwithstand the forego , an indemnifi parti may not delay make ani indemnif payment requir under the term of thi agreement , or otherwis satisfi ani indemnif oblig , pend the outcom of ani action to collect or recov insur proce , and an indemnite need not attempt to collect ani insur proce prior to make a claim for indemnif or receiv ani indemn payment otherwis owe to it under thi agreement or ani ancillari agreement . -63- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 10.6 addit matter . ( a ) indemnif payment in respect of ani liabil for which an indemnite is entitl to indemnif under thi section 10 shall be paid reason promptli ( but in ani event within sixti ( 60 ) day of the final determin of the amount that the indemnite is entitl to indemnif under thi section 10 ) by the indemnifi parti to the indemnite as such liabil are incur upon demand by the indemnite , includ reason satisfactori document set forth the basi for the amount of such indemnif payment , document with respect to calcul made and consider of ani insur proce that actual reduc the amount of such liabil . ( b ) if ( i ) a parti incur ani liabil aris out of thi agreement or ani ancillari agreement; ( ii ) an adequ legal or equit remedi is not avail for ani reason against the other parti to satisfi the liabil incur by the incur party; and ( iii ) a legal or equit remedi may be avail to the other parti against a third parti for such liabil , then the other parti shall use it commerci reason effort to cooper with the incur parti , at the incur parti ’ s expens , to permit the incur parti to obtain the benefit of such legal or equit remedi against the third parti . ( c ) if payment is made by or on behalf of ani indemnifi parti to ani indemnite in connect with ani third-parti claim , such indemnifi parti shall be subrog to and shall stand in the place of such indemnite as to ani event or circumst in respect of which such indemnite may have ani right , defens or claim relat to such third-parti claim against ani claimant or plaintiff assert such third-parti claim or against ani other person . such indemnite shall cooper with such indemnifi parti in a reason manner , and at the cost and expens of such indemnifi parti , in prosecut ani subrog right , defens or claim . ( d ) in the event of an action in which the indemnifi parti is not a name defend , if either the indemnite or indemnifi parti shall so request , the parti shall endeavor to substitut the indemnifi parti for the name defend or otherwis add the indemnifi parti as parti thereto , if at all practic . if such substitut or addit can not be achiev for ani reason or is not request , the name defend shall allow the indemnifi parti to manag the action as set forth in thi section 10 , and the indemnifi parti shall fulli indemnifi the name defend against all cost of defend the action ( includ court cost , sanction impos by a court , attorney ’ fee , expert fee and all other extern expens ) , the cost of ani judgment or settlement , and the cost of ani interest or penalti relat to ani judgment or settlement with respect to such third-parti claim . -64- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 11. insur . 11.1 requir to maintain . dure the term , manufactur shall self-insur or shall provid and maintain such insur coverag , in minimum type and amount as describ below in thi section 11 . ( a ) ani and all deduct or retent for such insur polici shall be assum by , for the account of , and at manufactur ’ s sole risk . ( b ) to the extent of the liabil assum by manufactur under thi agreement , such insur polici of manufactur shall be primari and non-contribut with respect to ani other similar insur polici avail to custom or it affili . ( c ) manufactur shall furnish to custom certif of insur ( electron is accept ) , evidenc the requir insur coverag , upon execut of thi agreement and annual , thereaft . 11.2 amount and limit . the insur requir under thi section 11 shall be written for not less than ani limit of liabil specifi herein or as requir by applic law , whichev is greater . all insur carrier shall have a minimum of “ a- ” a.m. best rate . manufactur shall have the right to provid the total limit requir by ani combin of self-insur , primari and umbrella/excess coverage; said insur to includ the follow : ( a ) insur for liabil under the worker ’ compens or occup diseas law of ani state of the unit state ( or be a qualifi self-insur in those state of the unit state ) or otherwis applic with respect to person perform the servic and employ ’ s liabil insur cover all claim by or in respect to the employe of manufactur , provid : ( i ) coverag for the statutori limit of all claim under the applic state worker ’ compens act or act . if a facil addendum will result in exposur under the u.s. longshor and harbor worker ’ compens act and it amend ( work docksid or on water ) , the jone act ( involv seamen , master and crew of vessel ) or the feder employ ’ liabil act ( railroad exposur ) , coverag shall be extend to includ insur coverag mandat thereby; ( ii ) employ ’ s liabil insur with a limit of not less than 1,000,000; ( iii ) manufactur warrant that all of it employe involv in thi agreement are cover by statutori worker ’ compensation; and -65- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( iv ) where allow by applic law , custom and it affili shall be provid a waiver of subrog , except for loss due to the sole neglig of manufactur . ( b ) commerci gener liabil insur with the follow limit and forms/endors : each occurr : 2,000,000 ( i ) occurr form includ premis and oper coverag , properti damag , liabil , person injuri coverag , product and complet oper coverag , and transit . ( ii ) to the extent of manufactur ’ s indemnif oblig , custom and it affili shall be addit insur via iso form cg20101185 or it equival . ( c ) automobil and truck liabil insur : 2,000,000 combin singl limit for bodili injuri and properti damag aris out of all own , non- own and hire vehicl , includ coverag for all automot and truck equip use in the perform of thi agreement and includ the load and unload of same . ( d ) umbrella ( excess ) liabil coverag in an amount not less than 3,000,000 per occurr and in the aggreg . ( e ) if manufactur ha care , custodi or control of customer-suppli materi , manufactur shall be respons for ani loss or damag to it and provid all risk properti coverag at full replac cost for properti and at the costs-per-unit as specifi in the facil addendum for inventori . 12. customer-suppli materials; buy-sel materials; transit . 12.1 supply; rejection; transit . ( a ) custom shall at it own expens suppli manufactur with the customer-suppli materi identifi in the applic facil addendum . custom shall suppli manufactur with the buy-sel materi at a price that custom determin , subject to section 3.2 ( c ) , and commun to manufactur . at custom ’ s option , the customer-suppli materi and buy-sel materi may be deliv directli from custom ’ s third-parti vendor to manufactur at the vendor ’ s or custom ’ s expens . custom or it vendor shall suppli manufactur with a copi of the certif of analysi for the customer-suppli materi and buy-sel materi no later than deliveri of the customer-suppli materi or buy-sel materi to manufactur . custom herebi coven to manufactur that each customer-suppli materi and buy-sel materi furnish by or on behalf of custom to pp y y manufactur or it affili or designe under -66- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 thi agreement will , upon deliveri by custom to manufactur pursuant to thi agreement , compli with , and have been use , handl and store in accord with , the specif for such customer-suppli materi or buy-sel materi ( as applic ) , all applic law , the qualiti agreement , thi agreement and the applic facil addendum and otherwis have no defect . manufactur ’ s oblig to manufactur and suppli product under thi agreement are subject to and condit upon custom ’ s time deliveri of customer-suppli materi and buy-sel materi in accord with thi section 12 . ( b ) manufactur shall provid to custom a monthli roll forecast of it requir for customer-suppli materi and buy-sel materi base upon custom ’ s forecast for product , and manufactur shall issu to custom “ pro forma ” purchas order for customer-suppli materi and actual purchas order for buy-sel materi , in each case , accord to paramet includ in the applic facil addendum , includ safeti stock and lead time requir . manufactur shall be respons to receiv , sampl , store and maintain the inventori of such order customer-suppli materi and buy-sel materi at manufactur ’ s facil . ( c ) within each calendar month dure the term , manufactur will provid a monthli inventori report of customer-suppli materi substanti in the format attach as attach c to thi agreement . the parti acknowledg and agre that the manufactur ’ s time provid the referenc monthli inventori report is a critic compon of the custom ’ s customer-suppli materi manag program and further that ani such failur on the part of manufactur to time provid such monthli inventori report shall be address at the immedi follow schedul jac meet . ( d ) manufactur may reject ani non-compli buy-sel materi or non-compli customer-suppli materi by ( i ) provid custom with no less than sixti ( 60 ) day ’ prior written notic of manufactur ’ s intent to reject along with the document set forth in reason detail the basi for reject , ( ii ) meet with custom at custom ’ s request to discuss the basi for the propos reject , and ( iii ) provid custom with notic of reject in the event that manufactur reject the subject non- compli buy-sel materi or non-compli customer-suppli materi ( as applic ) at the end of such sixti ( 60 ) day period ( or such other time frame as the parti may agre upon ) . ( e ) custom shall submit invoic to manufactur upon deliveri to manufactur or it applic affili of buy-sel materi , and manufactur shall make payment with respect thereto , in accord with the invoic and payment requir set forth in section 3.5 , appli correl , and the parti shall discuss in good faith further requir with respect to the suppli of buy-sel materi . -67- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( f ) custom shall use it commerci reason effort to convert all buy-sel materi arrang to customer-suppli materi arrang as promptli as practic after the effect date; provid that custom shall provid updat with respect to such effort at each jac meet until all such buy-sel materi arrang shall have been convert to customer-suppli materi arrang . 12.2 titl and risk of loss . ( a ) titl to the customer-suppli materi suppli by custom to manufactur shall remain with customer; provid , howev , that risk of loss shall pass to manufactur at the time customer-suppli materi are deliv to the manufactur ddp ( incoterm 2010 ) at the applic facil . manufactur shall not use customer-suppli materi for ani purpos other than those relat to the manufactur of a product pursuant to thi agreement . ( b ) the risk of loss or damag to customer-suppli materi dure the possess thereof by manufactur shall be sole with manufactur . ( c ) manufactur shall insur or self-insur the customer-suppli materi and product while such is in manufactur ’ s possess at an agreed-upon valu . ( d ) the titl and risk of loss for buy-sel materi shall pass to manufactur upon deliveri to the manufactur ddp ( incoterm 2010 ) at the applic facil . 12.3 reimburs for loss of customer-suppli materi . manufactur shall reimburs custom for excess customer-suppli materi use as a result of manufactur ’ s failur to achiev the minimum averag yield or usag ( as applic ) set forth in the applic facil addendum . dure the first quarter of each fiscal year dure the term of thi agreement , manufactur will report to custom the actual yield achiev for all customer-suppli materi use dure the previou calendar year on a facility-by-facil basi . if the achiev yield is lower than the minimum averag yield specifi in the applic facil addendum on an aggreg basi for all customer- suppli materi for each applic facil addendum , then manufactur will reimburs to custom the actual cost of the excess customer-suppli materi use as set forth in the applic facil addendum . for the avoid of doubt , ( a ) reject batch and all customer-suppli materi that is , for ani reason other than a determin that such customer-suppli materi are non-conform , not incorpor into product deliv hereund , shall be includ in the annual yield calcul and ( b ) customer-suppli materi for which manufactur is respons for reimburs custom pursuant to section 4.11 ( b ) shall not be includ in the annual yield calcul . -68- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 13. confidenti . the confidenti oblig of the parti and their respect group with respect to disclosur of inform hereund shall be govern , mutati mutandi , by section 6.08 , section 6.09 and section 6.10 of the separ agreement . 14. suppli chain secur . 14.1 suppli chain represent . manufactur repres , warrant and coven to custom that : manufactur ha review it suppli chain secur procedur and that these procedur and their implement are , and shall remain dure the term of thi agreement , in accord with the import secur criteria set forth by the “ c-tpat. ” manufactur repres and warrant that it ha develop and implement , or shall develop and implement within sixti ( 60 ) calendar day of it execut of thi agreement , procedur for period review and , if necessari , improv it suppli chain secur procedur to assur complianc with c-tpat minimum secur criteria . 14.2 c-tpat . manufactur acknowledg that custom is a certifi member of c-tpat . as a c-tpat member , custom is requir to make period assess of it intern suppli chain base upon c-tpat secur criteria . manufactur agre to conduct and document an annual secur audit at each of it facil and to take all necessari correct action to ensur the continu particip of custom in c- tpat . manufactur agre to share with custom the result of such annual audit and agre to prepar and submit to custom a report on the correct action taken in respons thereto . in addit , custom may audit manufactur ’ s record and facil for the purpos of verifi that manufactur ’ s procedur are in accord with the c-tpat secur criteria , and manufactur shall provid custom with access to manufactur ’ s record and facil reason necessari for the purpos of conduct such audit . manufactur agre to notifi custom of ani event that ha result in or threaten the loss of it c-tpat benefit ( if it is a member of the c-tpat program ) or altern jeopard custom ’ s retent of it own c-tpat benefit . in an effort to secur each part of the suppli chain , manufactur agre to work in good faith to becom a member of the c-tpat program , if manufactur is organ or incorpor in the unit state , mexico or canada , or the equival suppli chain secur program criteria administ by the custom administr in manufactur ’ s home countri if manufactur is not organ or incorpor in the unit state , mexico or canada . -69- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 15. record and audit . 15.1 record . manufactur will maintain complet and accur record . ani record that are financi in natur such as , but not limit to , time sheet , bill record , invoic , payment applic , payment of consult and subcontractor and receipt relat to reimburs expens shall be maintain in accord with applic law in the jurisdict in which the applic facil is locat . manufactur shall maintain such record for a period equal to the later of ( x ) three ( 3 ) year after the expir or termin of thi agreement or the applic facil addendum , ( y ) the expir of the statut of limit for the tax period applic to such record , or ( z ) for such period as otherwis may be requir by applic law ( the “ record retent period ” ) . 15.2 audit . custom or it repres , includ it extern auditor , may audit such record of manufactur , includ all record relat to manufactur ’ s complianc with applic law , at ani time dure the term of thi agreement or applic facil addendum or the record retent period , dure normal busi hour and upon reason advanc written notic to manufactur ( but in no event more than one ( 1 ) time per year except “ for caus ” ) . manufactur shall make such record readili avail for such audit . ani record or inform access or otherwis obtain by custom or it repres in connect with ani audit ( includ ani audit pursuant to section 3.4 ) shall be deem manufactur ’ s confidenti and proprietari inform and each repres of custom will be subject to non-us and other confidenti oblig substanti compar to those set forth herein for custom . except as otherwis provid in section 3.4 , if ani financi audit reveal that manufactur ha overcharg custom , manufactur shall reimburs custom for such overcharg within thirti ( 30 ) day of manufactur ’ s receipt of the relev audit result , and in the event that ani such overcharg equal an amount equal to or greater than five percent ( 5 ) of the total amount invoic dure the period under such audit , then manufactur shall promptli reimburs custom for all reason third parti cost and expens actual incur in the conduct of such audit . if ani financi audit reveal that custom ha underpaid manufactur , custom shall reimburs manufactur for such underpay within thirti ( 30 ) day of custom ’ s receipt of the relev audit result . for clariti , if there is a conflict between section 3.4 ( a ) and thi section 15.2 with respect to the review of a price increas , section 3.4 ( a ) shall govern and control . -70- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 16. notic . all notic or other commun hereund shall be deem to have been duli given and made if in write and ( a ) when serv by person deliveri upon the parti for whom it is intended; ( b ) one ( 1 ) busi day follow the day sent by overnight courier , return receipt requested; ( c ) when sent by facsimile; provid that the facsimil is promptli confirmed; or ( d ) when sent by e-mail; provid that a copi of the same notic or other commun sent by e-mail is also sent by overnight courier , return receipt request , person deliveri , or facsimil as provid herein , on the same day as such e-mail is sent , in each case to the person at the address , facsimil number or e-mail address set forth below , or such other address , facsimil number or e-mail address as may be design in write hereaft , in the same manner , by such person : if to custom : [ insert name ] [ insert address ] attent : [ insert name/titl ] email address : [ insert e-mail address ] with copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : [ insert name ] [ insert address ] attent : [ insert name/titl ] email address : [ insert e-mail address ] if to manufactur : [ insert name ] [ insert address ] attent : [ insert name/titl ] email address : [ insert e-mail address ] with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : [ insert name ] [ insert address ] attent : [ insert name/titl ] email address : [ insert e-mail address ] either parti may , by notic to the other parti , chang the address and name applic to such parti given abov . 17. miscellan . 17.1 negoti of disput . the disput resolut procedur set forth in articl vii of the separ agreement shall appli mutati mutandi with respect to ani controversi , claim , counterclaim , disput , differ or misunderstand aris out of or relat to the interpret or applic of ani term or provis of thi agreement , a purchas order or facil addendum . further , the requir to attempt to resolv a disput in accord with thi section 17.1 doe not affect a parti ’ s right to termin thi agreement or a purchas order as provid in section 7 hereof , and neither parti shall be requir to follow these procedur prior to termin thi agreement . -71- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 17.2 public . manufactur shall not use the name , trade name , servic mark , trademark , trade dress or logo of custom ( or ani of it affili ) in public releas , advertis or ani other public , nor identifi custom as a custom , without custom ’ s prior written consent in each instanc . custom shall not use the name , trade name , servic mark , trademark , trade dress or logo of manufactur ( or ani of it affili ) in public releas , advertis or ani other public , without manufactur ’ s prior written consent in each instanc . noth in thi section 17.2 shall or is intend to limit ani parti ’ s right under the separ agreement or ani ancillari agreement . 17.3 govern law and venu . ( a ) thi agreement and all action ( whether in contract or tort ) that may be base upon , aris out of or relat to thi agreement or the negoti , execut or perform hereof or thereof shall be govern by and constru in accord with the law of the state of delawar , without regard to ani law or principl thereof that would result in the applic of the law of ani other jurisdict . the parti expressli waiv ani right they may have , now or in the futur , to demand or seek the applic of a govern law other than the law of the state of delawar . ( b ) each of the parti herebi irrevoc and uncondit submit to the exclus jurisdict of the court of chanceri of the state of delawar or , if such court shall not have jurisdict , the unit state district court for the district of delawar , and ani appel court from ani appeal thereof , in ani action aris out of or relat to thi agreement or the transact contempl herebi , and each of the parti herebi irrevoc and uncondit ( i ) agre not to commenc ani such action except in such court , ( ii ) agre that ani claim in respect of ani such action may be heard and determin in the court of chanceri of the state of delawar or , to the extent permit by law , in such other court , ( iii ) waiv , to the fullest extent it may legal and effect do so , ani object which it may now or hereaft have to the lay of venu of ani such action in the court of chanceri of the state of delawar or such other court , ( iv ) waiv , to the fullest extent permit by law , the defens of an inconveni forum to the mainten of such action in the court of chanceri of the state of delawar or such other court and ( v ) consent to servic of process in the manner provid for notic in section 16. noth in thi agreement will affect the right of ani parti to serv process in ani other manner permit by law . -72- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( c ) each parti acknowledg and agre that ani controversi which may aris under thi agreement is like to involv complic and difficult issu , and therefor it herebi irrevoc and uncondit waiv ani right it may have to a trial by juri in respect of ani action directli or indirectli aris out of or relat to thi agreement , ani of the other ancillari agreement or the transact contempl herebi or therebi ( includ the financ ) . each parti certifi and acknowledg that ( i ) no repres , agent or attorney of ani other parti ha repres , expressli or otherwis , that such other parti would not , in the event of litig , seek to enforc such waiver , ( ii ) it understand and ha consid the implic of such waiver , ( iii ) it make such waiver voluntarili and ( iv ) it ha been induc to enter into thi agreement by , among other thing , the mutual waiver and certif in thi section 17.3 ( c ) . 17.4 relationship of the parti . the relationship herebi establish between custom and manufactur is sole that of independ contractor . manufactur ha no author to act or make ani agreement or represent on behalf of custom or it affili . thi agreement is not intend to creat , and shall not be constru as creat , between manufactur and custom , the relationship of fiduciari , princip and agent , employ and employe , joint ventur , co-partn , or ani other such relationship , the exist of which is expressli deni . no employe or agent engag by manufactur shall be , or shall be deem to be , an employe or agent of custom and shall not be entitl to ani benefit that custom provid to it own employe . 17.5 assignment; bind effect . ( a ) except as otherwis provid in thi section 17.5 , neither parti shall assign thi agreement or ani right , benefit or oblig under or relat to thi agreement , in each case whether by oper of law or otherwis , without the other parti ’ s prior written consent ( not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay ) . ( b ) either parti may assign it right and oblig under thi agreement to one or more of it affili without the other parti ’ s consent; provid that such affili remain at all time dure the term an affili of such party; provid , further , that no such assign shall releas such parti from it oblig under thi agreement . -73- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 ( c ) custom may , without manufactur ’ s consent , assign the right and oblig of thi agreement ( i ) on a product-by-product basi , to a third parti in connect with a bona fide transfer , sale or divestitur of all or substanti all of it busi to which such product relat or in the event of such busi ’ s spin-off , merger or consolid with anoth compani or busi entiti or ( ii ) to ani third parti which acquir or succe to all or substanti all of the asset of the busi of custom to which thi agreement and the facil addenda relat ( includ in connect with such busi ’ s spin-off , merger or consolid with anoth compani or busi entiti ) . ( d ) subject to section 7.4 , manufactur may , without custom ’ s consent , assign the right and oblig of thi agreement ( i ) on a facility-by-facil basi , to a third parti in connect with a bona fide transfer , sale or divestitur of such facil or ( ii ) to ani third parti which acquir or succe to all or substanti all of the asset of the busi of manufactur to which thi agreement and the facil addendum relat ( includ in connect with such busi ’ s spin-off , merger or consolid with anoth compani or busi entiti ) . ( e ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , neither parti may assign thi agreement in whole or in part to a restrict parti . ( f ) in the event of a permit assign , thi agreement shall be bind upon and inur to the benefit of the parti and their respect permit successor and permit assign . ani attempt assign that contraven the term of thi agreement shall be void ab initio and of no forc or effect . notwithstand anyth contain in thi agreement , each parti herebi acknowledg and agre that the other parti may perform ani of it oblig , and exercis ani of it right , under thi agreement , ani facil addendum and qualiti agreement through ani of it affili . 17.6 forc majeur . subject to manufactur ’ s oblig under section 2.5 ( a ) , no parti shall be liabl for ani failur to perform or ani delay in perform , and no parti shall be deem to be in breach or default of it oblig set forth in thi agreement , if , to the extent and for so long as , such failur or delay is due to ani caus that are beyond it reason control and not to it act or omiss , includ , without limit , such caus as act of god , natur disast , hurrican , flood , sever storm , earthquak , civil disturb , lockout , riot , order of ani court or administr bodi , embargo , act of govern , war ( whether or not declar ) , act of terror , or other similar caus ( “ forc majeur event ” ) . for clariti , raw materi price increas , unavail of raw materi , and labor disput shall not be deem a forc majeur event . in the event of a forc majeur event , the parti prevent from or delay in perform shall promptli give notic to the -74- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 other parti and shall use commerci reason effort to avoid or minim the delay . in the event that the delay continu for a period of at least sixti ( 60 ) calendar day , the parti affect by the other parti ’ s delay may elect to ( a ) suspend perform and extend the time for perform for the durat of the forc majeur event or ( b ) cancel all or ani part of the unperform part of thi agreement or ani purchas order . 17.7 sever . if ani provis of thi agreement or the applic of ani provis thereof to ani person or circumst , is held invalid or unenforc by ani court of compet jurisdict , the other provis of thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect . the parti further agre that if ani provis contain herein is , to ani extent , held invalid or unenforc in ani respect under the law govern thi agreement , they shall take ani action necessari to render the remain provis of thi agreement valid and enforc to the fullest extent permit by law and , to the extent necessari , shall amend or otherwis modifi thi agreement to replac ani provis contain herein that is held invalid or unenforc with a valid and enforc provis give effect to the intent of the parti . 17.8 non-waiver; remedi . waiver by ani parti of ani default by the other parti of ani provis of thi agreement shall not be deem a waiver by the waiv parti of ani subsequ or other default , nor shall it prejudic the right of the other parti . no failur or delay by a parti in exercis ani right , power or privileg under thi agreement shall oper as a waiver thereof , nor shall a singl or partial exercis thereof prejudic ani other or further exercis thereof or the exercis of ani other right , power or privileg . all remedi specifi in thi agreement shall be cumul and in addit to ani other remedi provid at law or in equiti . 17.9 further document . each parti hereto agre to execut such further document and take such further step as may be reason necessari or desir to effectu the purpos of thi agreement . 17.10 form . the parti recogn that , dure the term of thi agreement , a purchas order acknowledg form or similar routin document ( collect , “ form ” ) may be use to implement or administ provis of thi agreement . the parti agre that the term of thi agreement shall govern and control in the event of ani conflict between term of thi agreement and the term of such form , and ani addit or differ term contain in such form shall not appli to thi agreement . -75- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 17.11 headings; interpret . ( a ) the caption in thi agreement are for conveni onli and shall not be consid a part of or affect the construct or interpret of ani provis of thi agreement . ( b ) the definit in section 1 shall appli equal to both the singular and plural form of the term defin . ( c ) unless the context of thi agreement otherwis requir : ( i ) ( a ) word of ani gender includ each other gender and neuter form; ( b ) word use the singular or plural number also includ the plural or singular number , respectively; ( c ) deriv form of defin term will have correl meanings; ( d ) the term “ hereof , ” “ herein , ” “ herebi , ” “ hereto , ” “ herewith , ” “ hereund ” and deriv or similar word refer to thi entir agreement; ( e ) the term “ section ” and “ attach ” refer to the specifi section or attach of thi agreement and refer to “ paragraph ” or “ claus ” shall be to separ paragraph or claus of the section or subsect in which the refer occurs; ( f ) the word “ includ , ” “ includ ” and “ includ ” shall be deem to be follow by the phrase “ without limit ” ; ( g ) the word “ or ” shall be disjunct but not exclusive; and ( h ) the word “ from ” ( when use in refer to a period of time ) mean “ from and includ ” and the word “ through ” ( when use in refer to a period of time ) mean “ through and includ ” ; ( ii ) refer to ani feder , state , local , or foreign statut or law shall ( a ) includ all rule and regul promulg thereund and ( b ) be to that statut or law as amend , modifi or supplement from time to time; and ( iii ) refer to ani person includ refer to such person ’ s successor and permit assign , and in the case of ani government author , to ani person succeed to it function and capac . ( d ) whenev thi agreement refer to a number of day , such number shall refer to calendar day unless busi day are specifi . if ani action is to be taken or given on or by a particular calendar day , and such calendar day is not a busi day , then such action may be defer until the next busi day . ( e ) the phrase “ to the extent ” shall mean the degre to which a subject or other thing extend , and such phrase shall not mean simpli “ if. ” ( f ) the term “ write , ” “ written ” and compar term refer to print , type and other mean of reproduc word ( includ electron media ) in a visibl form . ( g ) all monetari figur shall be in unit state dollar unless otherwis specifi . ( h ) all refer to “ thi agreement ” or ani “ facil addendum ” shall includ ani amend , modif or supplement thereto . -76- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 17.12 rule of construct . the languag use in thi agreement shall be deem to be the languag chosen by the parti to express their mutual intent . the parti acknowledg that each parti and it attorney ha review and particip in the draft of thi agreement and that ani rule of construct to the effect that ani ambigu are to be resolv against the draft parti , or ani similar rule oper against the drafter of an agreement , shall not be applic to the construct or interpret of thi agreement . 17.13 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in two ( 2 ) or more counterpart ( includ by electron or .pdf transmiss ) , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which togeth shall constitut one and the same instrument . deliveri of ani signatur page by facsimil , electron or .pdf transmiss shall be bind to the same extent as an origin signatur page . 17.14 amend . no provis of thi agreement shall be deem waiv , amend , supplement or modifi by ani parti , unless such waiver , amend , supplement or modif is in write and sign by the author repres of the parti against whom it is sought to enforc such waiver , amend , supplement or modif . 17.15 entir agreement . thi agreement , the separ agreement , the other ancillari agreement , includ ani relat annex , exhibit , schedul and attach , as well as ani other agreement and document refer to herein and therein , shall togeth constitut the entir agreement between the parti relat to the transact contempl herebi and supersed ani other agreement , whether written or oral , that may have been made or enter into by or among ani of the parti or ani of their respect affili relat to the transact contempl herebi . [ signatur page follow ] -77- sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020 in wit whereof , the parti hereto have caus thi agreement to be duli execut and deliv as of the date first written abov . upjohn inc. pfizer inc. by : by : name : name : titl : titl : [ signatur page to manufactur and suppli agreement ] sourc : upjohn inc , 10-12g , 1/21/2020