exhibit 10.28 product sale and market agreement thi product sale and market agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) is made thi 12th day of novemb , 2018 ( the “ effect date ” ) , by and between calm.com , inc. , a delawar corpor , have offic at 140 2nd street , 3rd floor , san francisco , california 94105 ( “ calm ” ) and xpresspa group , inc. , a delawar corpor , have offic at 780 third avenu , 12th floor , new york , new york 10017 ( “ xspa ” ) . each of calm and xspa may be refer to herein individu as a “ parti ” and collect as the “ parti ” . recit wherea , calm is the manufactur and distributor of calm brand product and servic , includ those set forth on exhibit a ( the “ product ” ) ; wherea , xspa is the owner , oper and/or franchisor of xpresspa brand store ( each a “ store ” ) throughout the unit state of america ( the “ territori ” ) ; wherea , calm desir to increas it brand exposur in the territori by collabor with xspa for the display , market , promot , offer for sale and sale of product at each store in the territory; and wherea , xspa desir to collabor with calm in connect with the display , market , promot , offer for sale and sale of product at each store in the territori in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement . now therefor , in consider of the forego and other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti agre as follow : 1. term . unless thi agreement is termin earlier in accord with the term of section ​12 , the term of thi agreement shall commenc on the effect date and shall continu until juli 31 , 2019 ( the “ initi term ” ) . follow the initi term , thi agreement shall automat renew for success term of six ( 6 ) month ( each a “ renew term ” , and togeth with the initi term , the “ term ” ) unless written notic is given by either parti no later than thirti ( 30 ) day in advanc of the expir of the initi term or the applic renew term . 2. sale of product . 2.01. xspa shall use it commerci reason effort to display , market , promot , offer for sale and sell the product set forth on exhibit a in all store throughout the territori . the product shall onli be sold by xspa at the retail price of the applic product as set forth on exhibit a ( the “ retail price ” ) . for the avoid of doubt , the retail price for the product at the store in the territori ( i ) may onli be modifi by mutual agreement of the parti , and ( ii ) doe not includ ani discount , promot or applic sale tax . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 2.02. in addit to the product , calm shall have the right to identifi up to five ( 5 ) addit product , with such product and the price thereof to be mutual agre by the parti , to be display , market , promot , offer for sale and sold in the store in the territori . such product , onc agre on by both parti and price in accord with the previou sentenc , shall be deem product set forth on exhibit a for the purpos of thi agreement . 3. exclus and right of first refus 3.01. throughout the term and for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the expir or termin of thi agreement , neither xspa nor ani of it affili shall , directli or indirectli , sell , offer for sale , market or promot ani digit medit or digit sleep product ( other than the product ) , includ onlin or in ani store in the territori , without the express prior written consent of calm . 3.02. throughout the term and for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the expir or termin of thi agreement , neither calm nor ani of it affili shall , directli or indirectli , sell , offer for sale , market or promot ani digit medit or digit sleep product in ani retail locat locat in an airport other than in collabor with xspa , without the express prior written consent of xspa . 3.03. throughout the term and for a period of six ( 6 ) month after the expir or termin of thi agreement , calm shall have a right of first refus to expand the right and oblig describ in thi agreement to ani store outsid the territori ( the “ rofr ” ) . xspa shall give prompt written notic to calm each time it offer , propos to offer , or ha receiv an offer to enter into ani agreement or arrang under which xspa or ani of it affili would sell , offer for sale , market , promot or undertak ani similar action with respect to ani medit or sleep digit product or similar product at ani store outsid the territori ( each , a “ rofr notic ” ) . calm shall have thirti ( 30 ) busi day ( the “ rofr period ” ) from receipt of a rofr notic to exercis it rofr with respect to the region and/or store describ in the rofr notic . if calm exercis it rofr within the rofr period , the parti shall enter into an amend or addendum to thi agreement to includ such addit region and/or store . if calm doe not exercis it rofr within the rofr period , xspa may enter into such agreement or arrang with respect to the applic region and/or store set forth in the rofr notic with ani third party; provid that , such agreement or arrang are on the same term offer to calm ( it be understood that in the event xspa modifi such term , xspa shall provid a new rofr notic to calm in accord with thi section ​3.02 ) . 4. market , signag and display . 4.01. with respect to each store in the territori , xspa shall use commerci reason effort to : ( a ) promptli after the effect date , ( i ) prepar notic and consent and take all other action reason necessari to obtain and maintain approv as necessari for bulkhead signag from airport regulatori author or other entiti whose approv is requir for such store and instal such bulkhead signag as soon as practic thereaft , and ( ii ) onc instal , maintain such bulkhead signag throughout the term; sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 ( b ) alloc at least the retail space for the display of the product in store as set forth on exhibit b; ( c ) caus ani and all xspa employe work in such store to wear uniform co-brand with calm ’ s and xspa ’ s mark ( as defin herein ) , includ shirt and lanyard ( such uniform , which will be jointli design by and mutual accept to the parti , the “ uniform ” ) dure normal work hours; ( d ) display calm brand market materi in such store ( which market materi shall be highli visibl beyond the leas line as determin in calm ’ s sole discret ) , includ the item set forth on exhibit c; ( e ) distribut free of charg as free gift with purchas certain calm brand gift product ( the “ gift ” ) , as mutual select by calm and xspa; ( f ) distribut free trial or discount insert for calm digit product subscript ( the “ insert ” ) to custom of such store ( it be understood that such insert shall contain a uniqu promot code enabl calm to attribut purchas to such store ) ; and ( g ) use and distribut to ani purchas of ani product sold at the store shop bag ( s ) co-brand with calm ’ s and xspa ’ s mark ( the “ shop bag ” ) . calm will collabor with xspa on the design of shop bag and such design shall be mutual agre by the parti . 4.02. calm and xspa shall jointli market their activ under thi agreement to their respect user base , includ by : ( a ) send at least two ( 2 ) email to each of their respect email market list dure the initi term that concern one or more of the product , ( b ) make at least four ( 4 ) post across each of their respect social media channel dure the initi term that concern one or more of the product and ( c ) market their activ concern one or more of the product under thi agreement on each of their respect websit throughout the term . all such email , co-brand commun and market materi are subject to the prior written approv of the parti . 5. store oper . 5.01. with respect to ani and all store own or oper by xspa , as between calm and xspa , xspa shall be the sole owner and oper of ani and all such store throughout the territori and xspa shall have sole manag and oper control and liabil with respect to such store and ani and all cost and expens associ with the oper and mainten thereof . xspa shall oper and maintain the store with high standard of qualiti and servic and shall at all time compli with ani and all applic law in connect therewith . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 5.02. with respect to ani and all store own or oper by ani of xspa ’ s airport concess disadvantag busi enterpris partner ( “ acdb partner ( s ) ” ) in conjunct with xspa , xspa shall caus each of it acdb partner to fulfil all of the oblig set forth herein with respect to the display , market , promot , offer for sale and sale of product at each store in the territori own or oper by xspa and such acdb partner ( s ) . as between calm and xspa , xspa shall remain liabl for the act and omiss of each acdb partner . as between calm on the one hand and xspa and it acdb partner ( s ) on the other hand , xspa and it acdb partner ( s ) shall be the sole owner and oper of ani and all such store throughout the territori and xspa and it acdb partner ( s ) shall have sole manag and oper control and liabil with respect to such store and ani and all cost and expens associ with the oper and mainten thereof . xspa and it acdb partner ( s ) shall oper and maintain the store with high standard of qualiti and servic and shall at all time compli with ani and all applic law in connect therewith . 5.03. with respect to ani and all store own or oper by a third parti who is not an acdb partner ( ani such third parti a “ franchise ” ) , where xspa is a franchisor , xspa shall caus each franchise to fulfil all of the oblig set forth herein with respect to the display , market , promot , offer for sale and sale of product at each store in the territori own or oper by such franchise . except as otherwis set forth in thi agreement , includ section 10.03 , as between calm and xspa , xspa shall remain liabl for the act and omiss of each franchise . 5.04. calm shall have the right , but not the oblig , to hire personnel of it choos to be present in ani store ( s ) to assist in the display , market , promot , offer for sale and sale of product , provid , howev , that no more than one such person shall be present at ani one time in ani store without the prior written consent of xspa . xspa shall permit such personnel access to each store and the abil to assist in the market , promot and sale of the product . for the avoid of doubt , as between the parti , calm shall remain respons for ani and all employe compens or other benefit with respect to ani such personnel . 5.05. calm or it author designe shall be the sole supplier to xspa of xspa ’ s requir for product , gift , shop bag , uniform and insert ( collect , “ product collater ” ) for each store throughout the territori . calm shall use reason effort to fulfil all of xspa ’ s requir for product collater in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement . in the event that inventori of ani product collater in ani store fall below fifti percent ( 50 ) of the initi amount of such product collater provid to such store , xspa shall use best effort to advis calm in suffici detail to enabl calm to ship addit inventori of such product collater to such store . the parti acknowledg and agre that , as between the parti , calm shall retain legal titl to ani and all product collater ( other than uniform ) until sold in a store in the territori or otherwis disburs in a store in the territori ( in the case of gift , insert and shop bag ) in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement . in the event calm identifi ani issu with ani product collater make it unsuit for use as contempl by thi agreement or issu a recal with respect to ani product , xspa shall promptli return ani and all affect product collater to calm or it author designe upon receiv notic of such issu or recal . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 6. train . xspa shall provid train to ani and all employe in each store throughout the territori regard the display , market , promot , offer for sale and sale of product base on train materi ( includ pdf document and/or instruct video ) provid by calm . at xspa ’ s request , calm shall provid train to xspa area manag and select store manag at time and locat mutual agre upon by the parti regard the display , market , promot , offer for sale and sale of product . 7. collabor effort . 7.01. xspa and calm shall jointli consult and work togeth in good faith throughout the term to develop and execut a plan for the market , promot and sale of product in all store throughout the territori , includ with respect to product layout and display , in-stor market and promot activ , the design of ani co-brand product collater or other market materi , and bulkhead signag at the store , in each case , take into account ani plan restrict on the store that may be impos by an airport regulatori author or other entiti and all applic law . 7.02. ani product collater item or other market materi co-brand with calm ’ s and xspa ’ s mark shall be subject to each parti ’ s prior review and approv , which shall not be unreason withheld . 8. payment . 8.01. xspa shall pay to calm on a monthli basi an amount equal to ( i ) fifti percent ( 50 ) of the retail price for all product sold in the store in the territori dure the applic month minu ( ii ) fifti percent ( 50 ) of ani commiss actual paid or payabl to xspa employe ( s ) or contractor ( s ) attribut to sale of such product dure such month; provid that in no event shall such commiss be greater than fifteen percent ( 15 ) of the retail price for the applic product . 8.02. calm shall pay to xspa on a monthli basi a retail commiss of 20.00 for each sale of calm digit product subscript ( exclud , for the avoid of doubt , ani free trial subscript ) that result from xspa ’ s distribut of insert and a custom ’ s use of the uniqu promot discount code set forth therein in accord with the term and condit set forth herein ( it be understood that xspa shall ensur fifti percent ( 50 ) of each such commiss shall be distribut to the applic store ’ s retail employe or contractor via a pool or other format as mutual agre to by the parti ) . calm shall prepar and maintain complet and accur book and record cover all transact relat to thi agreement . xspa ’ s repres may , from time to time dure regular busi hour on reason advanc notic , dure the term of thi agreement and for a period of six ( 6 ) month thereaft , inspect and audit such book and record and examin and copi all other document and materi in the possess or under the control of calm with respect to the subject matter and the term of thi agreement . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 after complet of ani inspect or audit pursuant to thi section 8.02 , xspa shall notifi calm of the result of such inspect and audit ( the “ calm audit result ” ) . upon receipt of such inform , calm shall have thirti ( 30 ) day ( the “ calm review period ” ) to review the calm audit result . on or prior to the last day of the calm review period , calm may object to the calm audit result by deliv to xspa a written statement set forth it object in reason detail , indic each disput item or amount and the basi for it disagr therewith ( the “ calm statement of object ” ) . if calm fail to deliv the calm statement of object befor the expir of the calm review period , the calm audit result shall be deem to have been accept by calm . if calm deliv the calm statement of object befor the expir of the calm review period , calm and xspa shall negoti in good faith to resolv such object within thirti ( 30 ) day after the deliveri of the calm statement of object ( the “ calm resolut period ” ) , and , if the same are so resolv within the calm resolut period , the calm audit result with such chang as may have been previous agre in write by calm and xspa , shall be final and bind . if calm and xspa fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matter set forth in the calm statement of object befor expir of the calm resolut period , then ani amount remain in disput ( “ calm disput amount ” and ani amount not so disput , the “ calm undisput amount ” ) shall be submit for resolut to the offic of an imparti nation recogn firm of independ certifi public account mutual agreeabl to calm and xspa ( each act reason and in good faith ) ( the “ independ account ” ) who , act as expert and not arbitr , shall resolv the calm disput amount onli and make ani adjust to the calm audit result . the parti hereto agre that all adjust shall be made without regard to materi . the independ account shall onli decid the specif item under disput by the parti and their decis for each calm disput amount must be within the rang of valu assign to each such item in the calm audit result and the calm statement of object , respect . the independ account shall make a determin as soon as practic within thirti ( 30 ) day ( or such other time as the parti hereto shall agre in write ) after their engag , and their resolut of the calm disput amount and their adjust to the calm audit result shall be conclus and bind upon the parti hereto . if it is conclus determin that ani of calm ’ s payment due hereund wa less than the amount that should have been paid or ani of xspa ’ s payment or reimburs wa more than the amount that should have been paid , all payment requir to be made to elimin the discrep , plu interest , shall be made promptli upon xspa ’ s demand , and , if the discrep in amount due to xspa is greater than ten percent ( 10 ) or more of the amount due dure the period in question , calm promptli shall reimburs xspa for the reason cost and expens relat to such inspect and audit not to exceed 5,000.00. in all other case , xspa shall be respons for ani and all cost and expens relat to such inspect and audit pursuant to thi section 8.02. sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 if it is conclus determin that ani of calm ’ s payment due hereund wa more than the amount that should have been paid or ani of xspa ’ s payment or reimburs wa less than the amount that should have been paid , all payment requir to be made to elimin the discrep , plu interest , shall be made promptli upon calm ’ s demand . 8.03. subject to the term and condit set forth herein , and consid that calm or it author designe shall be the sole supplier of product collater under section 5.04 of thi agreement , calm shall pay ( or reimburs xspa upon receipt of payment to a third parti ) for all cost associ with ( a ) the design , manufactur , ship , distribut and instal , as applic , of product collater and other market materi and bulkhead signag as set forth in section ​4.01 , ( b ) the creation of train materi and the cost associ with train ( exclud cost of labor for ani xspa employe ) pursuant to section ​6 , ( c ) obtain and maintain approv of , and the creation , instal , mainten and remov of ani bulkhead signag advertis pursuant to section 4.01 ( a ) , and ( d ) the design , manufactur , ship and instal of in-stor market chang to ani store . notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , calm shall not be oblig to reimburs xspa for ani such cost describ in the previou sentenc of thi section 8.03 incur by xspa abov 500.00 unless calm ha provid prior written approv of such cost ( includ via email ) . 8.04. all payment requir of xspa hereund shall be made to calm in unit state dollar via wire transfer , or in such other manner as calm shall design , as follow : account name calm.com , inc. account address 140 2nd st. fl3 san francisco , ca 94105 account bank name sil vli bk sj bank address 3003 tasman drive , santa clara , ca 95054 fed aba 8.05. all payment requir of calm hereund shall be made to xspa in unit state dollar via wire transfer , ach payment , or in such other manner as xspa shall design , as follow : account name xpresspa group , inc. account bank name bank of america bank address one bryant park new york , ny 10036 fed aba sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 8.06. with respect to product sold in store in the territori , xspa shall deliv to calm within twenti ( 20 ) day after each calendar month , a statement ( “ monthli statement ” ) identifi ( i ) the total sale of each product dure said calendar month and ( ii ) the total commiss paid to xspa employe or contractor under section ​8.02 , which shall includ a breakdown by each individu product and store . each monthli statement shall be fulli complet and sign and certifi as accur by one of xspa ’ s senior offic . 8.07. xspa shall prepar and maintain complet and accur book and record cover all transact relat to thi agreement . calm ’ s repres may , from time to time dure regular busi hour on reason advanc notic , dure the term of thi agreement and for a period of six ( 6 ) month thereaft , inspect and audit such book and record and examin and copi all other document and materi in the possess or under the control of xspa with respect to the subject matter and the term of thi agreement . after complet of ani inspect or audit pursuant to thi section 8.07 , calm shall notifi xspa of the result of such inspect and audit ( the “ xspa audit result ” ) . upon receipt of such inform , xspa shall have thirti ( 30 ) day ( the “ xspa review period ” ) to review the xspa audit result . on or prior to the last day of the xspa review period , xspa may object to the xspa audit result by deliv to calm a written statement set forth it object in reason detail , indic each disput item or amount and the basi for it disagr therewith ( the “ xspa statement of object ” ) . if xspa fail to deliv the xspa statement of object befor the expir of the xspa review period , the xspa audit result shall be deem to have been accept by xspa . if xspa deliv the xspa statement of object befor the expir of the xspa review period , xspa and calm shall negoti in good faith to resolv such object within thirti ( 30 ) day after the deliveri of the xspa statement of object ( the “ xspa resolut period ” ) , and , if the same are so resolv within the xspa resolut period , the xspa audit result with such chang as may have been previous agre in write by xspa and calm , shall be final and bind . if calm and xspa fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matter set forth in the xspa statement of object befor expir of the xspa resolut period , then ani amount remain in disput ( “ xspa disput amount ” and ani amount not so disput , the “ xspa undisput amount ” ) shall be submit for resolut to the independ account who , act as expert and not arbitr , shall resolv the xspa disput amount onli and make ani adjust to the xspa audit result . the parti hereto agre that all adjust shall be made without regard to materi . the independ account shall onli decid the specif item under disput by the parti and their decis for each xspa disput amount must be within the rang of valu assign to each such item in the xspa audit result and the xspa statement of object , respect . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 the independ account shall make a determin as soon as practic within thirti ( 30 ) day ( or such other time as the parti hereto shall agre in write ) after their engag , and their resolut of the xspa disput amount and their adjust to the xspa audit result shall be conclus and bind upon the parti hereto . if it is conclus determin that ani of xspa ’ s payment due hereund wa less than the amount that should have been paid or ani of calm ’ s payment or reimburs wa more than the amount that should have been paid , all payment requir to be made to elimin the discrep , plu interest , shall be made promptli upon calm ’ s demand , and , if the discrep in amount due to calm is greater than ten percent ( 10 ) or more of the amount due dure the period in question , xspa promptli shall reimburs calm for the reason cost and expens relat to such inspect and audit not to exceed 5,000.00. in all other case , calm shall be respons for ani and all cost and expens relat to such inspect and audit pursuant to thi section 8.02. if it is conclus determin that ani of xspa ’ s payment due hereund wa more than the amount that should have been paid or ani of calm ’ s payment or reimburs wa less than the amount that should have been paid , all payment requir to be made to elimin the discrep , plu interest , shall be made promptli upon xspa ’ s demand . 9. intellectu properti matter . 9.01. subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , calm herebi grant to xspa , sole dure the term and in the territori , a revoc ( as set forth in ​section ​12.04 ) , royalty-fre , assign ( sole as set forth in section ​16.05 ) , non-sublicens ( except as set forth in section ​9.03 ) , non-exclus licens to use the mark set forth on exhibit d ( “ calm ’ s mark ” ) , sole to the extent necessari for xspa to exercis it right or perform it oblig set forth in thi agreement . 9.02. subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , xspa herebi grant to calm , sole dure the term and in the territori , a revoc ( as set forth in ​section ​12.04 ) , royalty-fre , assign ( sole as set forth in section ​16.05 ) , non-sublicens ( except as set forth in section ​9.03 ) , non-exclus licens to use the mark set forth on exhibit e ( “ xspa ’ s mark ” , and togeth with calm ’ s mark , the “ mark ” ) , sole to the extent necessari for calm to exercis it right or perform it oblig set forth in thi agreement . 9.03. each parti may sublicens the right grant to such parti under section 9.01 and 9.02 of thi agreement to ani third parti vendor , supplier or manufactur of product collater sole to the extent necessari for such parti to exercis it right or perform it oblig set forth in thi agreement . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 9.04. neither parti shall use the other parti ’ s mark , in whole or in part , as a corpor name , trade name or domain name and shall not use the other parti ’ s mark in combin with ani other mark , design or design except pursuant to the term of thi agreement . each parti shall use the other parti ’ s mark in the territori strictli in complianc with all applic legal requir of the territori . each parti acknowledg and agre that , as between the parti , the other parti is the sole and exclus owner of the mark licens by such other parti pursuant to thi section ​9 and all goodwil associ therewith . neither parti shall do or caus to be done ani act or thing that may in ani way advers affect ani right of the other parti in and to such other parti ’ s mark or ani registr thereof or that , directli or indirectli , may reduc the valu of such mark or detract from ani mark ’ s reput , includ challeng the ownership , valid or enforc of such mark . each parti agre that it will display the trademark registr symbol ® or the design “ sm ” or “ tm ” adjac to the mark when direct to do so by the parti own the relev mark and , when circumst reason permit , it will caus a notic of ownership to appear on advertis or in store display bear the mark . each parti will take care to display the other parti ’ s mark in a manner that doe not bring the other parti ’ s brand into disreput . 9.05. all goodwil associ with the use of a parti ’ s mark by the other parti shall inur to the sole and exclus benefit of the parti which own such mark . each parti shall execut ani document and take ani action reason requir by the other parti to confirm such parti ’ s ownership of all right in and to such parti ’ s mark in the territori and the respect right of the parti pursuant to thi agreement . 9.06. in the event that either parti learn of ani infring , imit or counterfeit of the other parti ’ s mark or product or of ani use by ani person of a trademark similar to such mark , it shall promptli notifi the other parti thereof . thereupon , the parti own the relev mark , or in the case of product , calm , shall take such action as it deem advis for the protect of it right in and to it mark and product and , if reason request to do so by such parti , the other parti shall reason cooper in all respect ( at the sole cost and expens of the parti own the relev mark , or in the case of product , calm ) , includ by choos to be a plaintiff or co-plaintiff and/or by caus it offic to execut plead and other necessari document . ani action contempl by thi section ​9.06 shall be control by the parti with ownership of the relev mark , or in the case of product , calm . 9.07. ani intellectu properti or moral right in ani product collater or other market materi concern calm or one or more product , includ pattern , sketch , logo , design , packag , label , tag , advertis materi or the like ( “ product collater ip ” ) bear calm ’ s mark shall be , as between the parti , the sole and exclus properti of calm , it be understood that xspa shall retain sole and exclus ownership of it mark , includ with respect to co-brand product collater and ani other co-brand market materi concern calm or one or more product . ani co-brand product collater ip shall be use sole ( i ) in the store in the territori or ( ii ) in connect with digit market activ by calm with respect to calm or one or more product , in accord with the term and condit set forth in thi agreement . if ani product collater ip ( or ani aspect thereof ) are not design and/or creat by calm , such product collater ip ( or aspect thereof ) shall be deem “ work made for hire ” for calm within the mean of the u.s. copyright law and/or other applic compar law or , if they do not so qualifi , all ownership right thereto shall be , and are herebi , assign to calm . xspa shall not , directli or indirectli , do or suffer to be done ani act or thing which may affect advers ani of calm ’ s right in the product collater ip , includ file ani applic in it name to record ani claim to product collater ip ( or ani aspect thereof ) . xspa shall execut ani document and take ani action reason requir by calm to confirm calm ’ s ownership of all right in and to such product collater ip . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 10. agenc , indemnif and insur . 10.01. calm and xspa are each independ contractor . the parti are not and shall not be consid as joint ventur , partner or agent of each other . neither parti shall have the author to bind or oblig the other parti . 10.02. xspa herebi agre to indemnifi and hold harmless calm and it affili and their respect director , offic , employe and agent from and against ani and all claim , suit , alleg regulatori violat , loss , damag and cost ( includ reason attorney ’ fee ) aris out of or relat to ( i ) ani alleg action or failur to take action by xspa in connect with the oper or mainten of the store or provis of ani product or servic ( other than the product ) , includ but not limit to : violat of applic law , regul or other rules; defect in xspa sourc product or servic provid or obtain therein; employ and labor issu with respect to xspa employees; ani product liabil or person injuri claim with respect to xspa ’ s provis of ani product or servic ( other than the product ) ; properti damage; and collect , remitt or payment of ani tax , licens fee or ani other payment due to ani party; ( ii ) the use of xspa ’ s mark by calm as author by thi agreement; and ( iii ) ani breach of ani coven or agreement of xspa contain in thi agreement . 10.03. calm herebi agre to indemnifi and hold harmless xspa and it affili and their respect director , offic , employe and agent from and against ani and all claim , suit , alleg regulatori violat , loss , damag and cost ( includ reason attorney ’ fee ) aris out of or relat to ( i ) ani product liabil or person injuri claim with respect to ani product or product collater or ani alleg defect in ani product or product collateral; ( ii ) ani alleg action or failur to take action by calm ’ s employees; ( iii ) the use of calm ’ s mark by xspa as author by thi agreement; and ( iv ) ani breach of ani coven or agreement of calm contain in thi agreement . 10.04. in the event ani claim , action , suit or proceed ( each , a “ claim ” ) is brought or made against an indemnifi parti for which defens and indemnif by the indemnifi parti may be sought hereund , the indemnifi parti will promptli notifi the indemnifi parti of the commenc thereof , and the indemnifi parti will be entitl to reason particip in ( but not assum ) the defens thereof . notwithstand ani other provis of thi agreement , the indemnifi parti shall not enter into ani settlement of ani claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , except as provid in thi section 10.04. if a firm offer is made to settl a claim without lead to liabil or the creation of a financi or other oblig on the part of the indemnifi parti and provid , in customari form , for the uncondit releas of each indemnifi parti from all liabil and oblig in connect with such claim and the indemnifi parti desir to accept and agre to such offer , the indemnifi parti shall give written notic to that effect to the indemnifi parti . if the indemnifi parti fail to consent to such firm offer within ten ( 10 ) day after it receipt of such notic , the indemnifi parti may continu to contest or defend such claim and in such event , the maximum liabil of the indemnifi parti as to such claim shall not exceed the amount of such settlement offer . if the indemnifi parti fail to consent to such firm offer and also fail to assum defens of such claim , the indemnifi parti may settl the claim upon the term set forth in such firm offer to settl such claim . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 10.05. xspa shall obtain , and thereaft maintain dure the term , the follow insur : ( a ) special form properti polici cover all stock on premis of the store , includ with respect to all product collateral; ( b ) worker ’ compens insur in the statutorili requir amount ( or xspa shall particip in the appropri state fund if such insur is not avail or allow ) , togeth with employ ’ s liabil insur with a limit of 1,000,000 for each accident; and ( c ) commerci gener liabil insur , ( includ fire liabil , contractu liabil , person injuri , product liabil and complet oper coverag ) in the amount of not less than 3,000,000 combin singl limit with umbrella liabil coverag with a limit of not less than 10,000,000; the forego insur polici shall name xspa as the insur and calm as addit insur ( except for worker ’ compens insur ) . if ani such insur is on a “ claim made ” basi , xspa shall maintain coverag thereund for a period of at least two ( 2 ) year follow the termin of thi agreement . with respect to the forego , xspa shall provid to calm certif ( s ) evidenc such insur prior to or upon execut of thi agreement . the certif shall provid that calm will be given at least thirti ( 30 ) day prior written notic of cancel or ani materi chang in these polici . calm shall have no oblig to xspa for the cost of insur requir , or for ani other coverag that xspa obtain , directli or indirectli for it own account . in no event shall ani insur have a best ’ s insur rate of less than ( a- ) of class size vii . 10.06. except with respect to each parti ’ s indemnif oblig under thi agreement , ( a ) under no circumst and under no legal theori ( tort , contract , or otherwis ) , shall either parti be liabl to the other parti for ani lost profit , loss of opportun or other special , punit , indirect , or consequenti damag suffer by the other parti aris in connect with thi agreement; and ( b ) the maximum liabil of each parti in ani way relat to thi agreement shall not exceed 2,000,000.00 ( exclud ani amount due and payabl pursuant to section ​8 hereund ) . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 11. represent and warranti . 11.01. calm repres and warrant that : ( a ) it ha the legal power and author to enter into thi agreement and to grant the right to it mark grant hereund , and the execut and perform of thi agreement doe not violat or put calm in default of ani other agreement , order or judgment by which it is bound or to which it is subject; ( b ) calm ’ s mark do not infring ani third parti ’ right and that the mark were not misappropri from ani third party; ( c ) it is awar of and will compli with all feder , state and local law and regul govern the product and the product collater in the territory; and ( d ) it is the sole and exclus owner of calm ’ s mark . 11.02. xspa repres and warrant that : ( a ) it ha the legal power and author to enter into thi agreement and to grant the right to it mark grant hereund , and the execut and perform of thi agreement doe not violat or put xspa in default of ani other agreement , order or judgment by which it is bound or to which it is subject : and ( b ) it is awar of and will compli with all feder , state and local law and regul govern it oper of the store in the territory; ( c ) xspa ’ s mark do not infring ani third parti ’ right and that the mark were not misappropri from ani third parti , and ( d ) it is the sole and exclus owner of xspa ’ s mark . 12. termin . 12.01. thi agreement may be termin by either parti , prior to it expir , by reason of a materi breach of the term and condit hereof; provid that the parti alleg to be in materi breach shall have fail to cure such alleg materi breach within thirti ( 30 ) day follow the receipt of a written notic from the parti alleg the materi breach which notic shall describ in reason detail the natur of the alleg materi breach . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 12.02. calm may termin thi agreement immedi , upon written notic , if xspa experi an insolv event . 12.03. begin on februari 28 , 2019 , xspa may termin thi agreement immedi , upon written notic , if calm ha not purchas and fund the purchas of the second close share ( as defin in the seri e prefer stock purchas agreement date as of even date herewith by and between xspa and calm ) by decemb 31 , 2018 . 12.04. upon termin or expir of thi agreement , calm ( at it sole expens ) may engag a third parti to audit xspa ’ s inventori of ani and all product collater then on hand at each store and xspa shall promptli return or dispos of such inventori as instruct by calm at calm ’ s sole expens . in addit , if calm doe not provid xspa with instruct within twenti ( 20 ) day of the termin or expir of thi agreement , xspa shall be permit to dispos of ani inventori of ani and all product collater then on hand at each store . the parti agre to promptli settl all account associ with such inventori of ani and all product collater then on hand at each store upon termin or expir of thi agreement . except as expressli set forth herein , all of the right grant hereund shall automat termin and xspa shall immedi ceas the distribut , market and sale of product and the parti shall discontinu all use of the other parti ’ s mark . 12.05. the follow provis shall surviv the expir or termin of thi agreement : section ​ ​3 , ​9.07 , 10 , ​12 and ani other provis hereund which by it term , may reason be expect to surviv such expir or termin . in addit to the forego , upon termin each parti shall pay to the other parti ani and all amount then owe to the other parti . 13. arbitr . without limit section ​16.08 , ani and all disput or claim aris from either parti ’ s right or oblig under thi agreement shall be subject to arbitr . ani arbitr commenc with respect to a disput or claim under thi agreement shall be conduct pursuant to the commerci arbitr rule of the american arbitr associ and the supplementari procedur for larg , complex disput then in effect ( the “ rule ” ) , except to the extent such rule conflict with thi section ​13 . in ani arbitr , new york law shall govern , except to the extent that such law conflict with the rule or thi section ​13 . the parti further agre that each issu submit for arbitr be submit to a panel of three ( 3 ) imparti arbitr with each parti select one ( 1 ) arbitr within fifteen ( 15 ) day after the commenc of the arbitr period and the two ( 2 ) select arbitr select a third arbitr who is experienc in the commerci retail industri within thirti ( 30 ) day after the commenc of the arbitr period . ani arbitr hereund shall commenc within thirti ( 30 ) day after appoint of the third arbitr and shall be held in new york , new york , usa . no discoveri by either parti shall be permit unless the arbitr determin that the parti request such discoveri ha a substanti , demonstr need . the arbitr shall make final determin as to ani discoveri disput and all other procedur matter . if ani parti fail to compli with the procedur in ani arbitr in a manner deem materi by the arbitr , then the arbitr shall fix a reason time for complianc , and if the parti doe not compli within such period , then a remedi deem just by the arbitr , includ an award of default , may be impos . the decis of the arbitr shall be render no later than one hundr twenti ( 120 ) day after commenc of the arbitr period . the cost of arbitr shall be born by the parti against whom the arbitr decis is made . ani judgment or decis render by the panel shall be bind upon the parti and shall be enforc by ani court of compet jurisdict . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 14. notic . all notic requir or permit by thi agreement shall be in write and may be deliv in person ( by hand or by messeng or courier servic ) or may be sent by certifi mail , return receipt request , or u.s. postal servic express mail , with postag prepaid , or by facsimil transmiss dure normal busi hour , and shall be deem suffici given if serv in a manner specifi in thi section ​14 to the address and facsimil number note below . either parti may , by notic to the other , specifi a differ address for notic purpos . ani notic sent by certifi mail , return receipt request , shall be deem given on the date of deliveri shown on the receipt card , or if no deliveri date is shown , the postmark thereon . notic deliv by unit state express mail or overnight courier that guarante next day deliveri shall be deem given twenty-four ( 24 ) hour after deliveri of the same to the unit state postal servic or courier . if ani notic is transmit by facsimil transmiss or similar mean , the same shall be deem serv or deliv upon telephon or facsimil confirm of receipt of the transmiss thereof , provid a copi is also deliv via deliveri or mail . if notic is receiv after 5:00 pm , local time of the recipi , or on a saturday or a sunday or a legal holiday , it shall be deem receiv on the next busi day . notic address are as follow : if to xspa : xpresspa group , inc. 780 third avenu , 12th floor new york , ny 10017 attn : edward jankowski , ceo email : noticesxpresspagroup.com if to calm : calm.com , inc. 140 2nd st. , 3rd floor san francisco , ca 94105 attn : dun wang email : legalcalm.com and duncalm.com 15. confidenti . neither parti shall , directli or indirectli , without the other parti ’ s consent , disclos to ani third parti ( other than their respect employe or repres ) ani inform design in write as confidenti by other parti ( includ the term and condit of thi agreement ) ; provid , that the forego restrict shall not ( a ) appli to ani inform ( i ) gener avail to , or known by , the public ( other than as a result of disclosur in violat of thi ​section ​15 ) or ( ii ) independ develop by the receiv parti , or ( b ) prohibit ani disclosur ( i ) determin in good faith by ani parti to be requir by ani list agreement with ani applic nation or region secur exchang or market , secur law or ani other applic law so long as the disclos parti ha made all reason effort to obtain confidenti treatment of the term of the agreement in connect with such disclosur and , to the extent practic and legal permiss , the receiv parti provid the disclos parti with reason prior notic of such disclosur or ( ii ) made in connect with the enforc of ani right or remedi relat to thi agreement . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 16. miscellan provis . 16.01. thi agreement embodi and constitut the entir understand between the parti with respect to subject matter hereof , and no prior agreement , understand , represent and statement , oral or written , shall have ani legal effect with respect to such subject matter . neither thi agreement nor ani provis hereof may be waiv , modifi , amend , discharg or termin except by an instrument sign by the parti against whom the enforc of such waiver , modif , amend , discharg or termin is sought , and then onli to the extent set forth in such instrument . 16.02. thi agreement shall be govern by , and constru in accord with the law of the state of new york . in the event of ani litig , arbitr , or other proceed by which one parti either seek to enforc it right under thi agreement or seek a declar of ani right or oblig under thi agreement , the prevail parti shall be entitl to recov from the other parti , in addit to ani other relief award , ani and all cost and expens incur with respect to such litig , arbitr or other proceed , includ without limit , reason attorney ’ fee , disburs and cost , and expert ’ fee and cost . 16.03. the caption in thi agreement are insert for conveni of refer onli and in no way defin , describ or limit the scope or intent of thi agreement or ani of the provis hereof . 16.04. in the event that ani one or more of the provis of thi agreement shall be determin to be void or unenforc by a court of compet jurisdict , such determin will not render thi agreement invalid or unenforc and the remain provis hereof shall remain in full forc and effect . 16.05. neither parti shall assign or transfer thi agreement or it right hereund without first obtain the consent of the other , in write , which consent shall not unreason be withheld or delay . subject to the forego , thi agreement shall be bind upon and inur to the benefit of the parti hereto and their respect permit successor and assigns; provid , howev , calm may , without the prior written consent of xspa , assign or otherwis transfer it right and oblig to an affili of calm or the acquir of all or substanti all of the asset of calm; provid , howev , that the prior written consent of xspa shall be requir in connect with the assign to an acquir of all or substanti all of the asset of calm if such acquir ’ s primari busi is an airport-bas provid of spa servic . sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 16.06. for the conveni of the parti , thi agreement may be execut in one or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which togeth shall constitut one and the same document . 16.07. no waiver by either parti , whether express or impli , of ani provis hereof , or of ani breach or default thereof , shall constitut a continu waiver of such provis or of ani other provis of thi agreement . accept of payment by calm shall not be deem a waiver by calm of ani violat of or default under ani of the provis of thi agreement by xspa . also , if for ani reason ani act or omiss by xspa hereund not in conform with ani of the requir hereof are not object to by calm from time to time , such a failur to object shall not be deem a waiver by calm of ani such requir and calm may insist upon due perform thereof by xspa at ani time . 16.08. the parti acknowledg that irrepar injuri would be caus by ani breach or threaten breach by the other parti of ani of the provis of thi agreement and both parti shall have the right to enforc the specif perform of the agreement and to appli for injunct relief against ani act which would violat ani of it provis . [ signatur on follow page ] sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 in wit whereof , the parti have execut thi agreement as of the date first abov written . xpresspa group , inc. by : /s/edward jankowski name : edward jankowski titl : calm.com , inc. by : /s/ michael acton smith sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 exhibit a sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 exhibit b sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 exhibit c sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 exhibit d sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019 exhibit e sourc : xpresspa group , inc. , 10-k , 4/1/2019