vertex energi , inc. 8-k exhibit 10.1 the symbol “ [ ] ” denot place where certain identifi inform ha been exclud from the exhibit becaus it is both ( i ) not materi , and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm to the compani if publicli disclos joint suppli and market agreement thi joint suppli and market agreement ( hereinaft refer to as the ” jsma '' ) shall be effect as of may 1 , 2020 “ the commenc date ” and is made and enter into thi 10th day of januari , 2020 between bunker one ( usa ) inc. , with princip offic locat at 107 st. franci street , mobil , al 36602 ( ” bunker one '' ) , and vertex energi oper , llc , with princip offic locat at 1331 gemini suit 250 , houston , tx 77058 ( `` vertex '' ) . bunker one and vertex are hereinaft sometim refer to as a parti or jointli as parti . wherea : a. vertex current own a product facil in marrero , la which ha the capac to produc 100,000 bbls/mo . +/- 10 of a feedstock/product ( the “ output ” ) that can be consum as bunker suitabl fuel for offshor use and use as a marin vessel 's propuls system . see appendix a for qualiti of the feedstock/product ( the “ product ” ) . b. bunker one be a physic supplier of bunker fuel have blend expertis be abl to util the product togeth with associ physic asset for storag and transport , leas and own real properti , tangibl and intang person properti , personnel , intellectu prop- erti and know-how ( collect the “ bunker busi ” ) . c. pursuant to the term of a co-oper agreement that went into effect on octob 15 , 2017 ( the “ origin cooa ” ) , which address the sourc , store , transport , market and sell of the product in the state of louisiana and texa , vertex agre to sell , and bunker one agre to purchas , the output ( as defin in the abov ) each month . by virtu of enter into thi jsma the parti intend to continu the activ previous conduct pursuant to the origin cooa and expand thereon as more particularli hereinbelow set forth . d. the overal object of the origin cooa wa to give the parti the opportun to further expand their busi by co-oper in the sourc , store , transport , market and sell of the product in and around louisiana and texa , where ( i ) vertex wa primarili respons for the sourc and store of the feedstock product , ( ii ) bunker one wa primarili respons for the transport , blend , market , sell and deliv of the product , ( iii ) bunker one wa respons for the risk management/exposur ( e.g . hedg ) of the bunker fuel , and ( iv ) bunker one wa the exclus seller of the product to third parti . e. the parti wish to amend and restat the origin cooa as a jsma to extend the term , provid for the inclus of new and exist busi and territori not previous includ in the origin cooa , and to address certain govern issu , all as more particularli hereinbelow provid . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 the parti hereto herebi agre as follow : 1. definit . “ area ” mean texa , louisiana , alabama and area immedi adjac thereto if mutual agre . “ bunker hold ” , a danish hold compani and sole sharehold of bunker one ( usa ) inc .. “ busi day ” mean ani day except a saturday , sunday , or a feder reserv bank holiday . a busi day shall open at 8:00a.m . and close at 5:00p.m . houston , texa , time . “ jsma output ” ha the mean ascrib thereto in section 2.1 . “ effect date ” mean the date as of which the last signatur of a parti is affix hereto . “ fiscal year ” shall mean the period begin with may 1st in each calendar year and end on the next succeed april 30th . “ hedg posit valu ” mean the then current settlement valu of ani and all open hedg transact enter into by bunker one as determin by bunker one on a mark-to-market basi in a commerci reason manner . “ hedg profit ” mean the greater of zero and the net gain on all hedg transact close and settl dure the applic track account report or settlement period , includ ani interest receiv by bunker one with respect to ani margin deposit made by bunker one with ani hedg transact counterparti exclus of ani such amount in excess of that which would be taken into account by parti deal at arm ’ s length on a commerci basi . “ hedg loss ” mean the lesser of zero and the net loss on all hedg transact close and settl dure the applic track account report or settlement period , includ ani in- terest receiv by bunker one with respect to ani margin deposit made by bunker one with ani hedg transact counterparti exclus of ani such amount in excess of that which would be taken into account by parti deal at arm ’ s length on a commerci basi . “ interest rate ” mean ( a ) with respect to a non-default parti , a per annum rate of interest equal to usd 1m libor as per the last fix of the preced month + 3.5 per cent pro anno ( compound monthli for each month or part thereof ) and ( b ) with respect to a default parti , a per annum rate of interest equal to 5 over the rate mention abov in ( a ) , provid , how- ever , that the rate set forth in ( a ) shall be adjust by the parti annual at the last meet of the jdmb ( as such term is defin in the head of agreement enter into between the parti as of januari 10 , 2020 . “ inventori ” shall mean the product purchas by bunker one pursuant to thi agreement . “ inventori cost ” shall mean the amount paid by bunker one to vertex for the inventori . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 “ inventori market valu ” shall mean the then current market valu of inventori as determin by bunker one on a mark-to-market basi in a commerci reason manner . “ inventori resal transact ( s ) ” shall mean ani sale by bunker one to a third parti of the inventori whether or not the inventori is sold in the origin condit deliv to bunker one or is blend by bunker one into a differ product . “ nomin ” shall be as defin in section 2.6 . “ output ” ha the mean ascrib thereto in the recit . “ product ” ha the mean ascrib thereto in the recit . “ remain exposur ” mean total exposur plu payment receiv by bunker one and vertex pursuant to thi agreement dure the applic track account statement report period less payment made by bunker one and vertex pursuant to thi agreement dure the applic track account statement report period . “ term sheet ” mean that certain summari of term regard the propos purchas of seri b1 prefer share of vertex energi , inc. date novemb 25 , 2019 . “ total exposur ” mean the sum of ( i ) unreal gain on hedg , ( ii ) unreal loss on hedg- ing , ( iii ) unreal gain on inventori , ( iv ) unreal loss on inventori and ( v ) total realiz p/l . “ total realiz p/l ” mean and shall be equal to the sum of each monthli calcul of below follow ifr principl : ( a ) the sum of : ( i ) gross revenu receiv by bunker one from ani third parti for inventori resal transact ( but exclud for ani applic track account report or settlement period ani such gross revenu that wa includ in a prior report or settlement period as describ in claus ( ii ) immedi below ) , ( ii ) gross revenu due , but not yet receiv by bunker one from ani third parti for inventori which ha been sold at a fix price , whether or not deliv , ( iii ) hedg profit; and ( iv ) proce of insur maintain by bunker one with respect to the inventori that are receiv by bunker one; less ( b ) the sum of : ( i ) the measur cost of the good sold , ( ii ) all actual cost incur by bunker one ( u.s. ) hereund includ , but not limit to cost for tank storag , tank expens , tank clean , freight ( includ fleeting/heating/tank man/sparg ) , cargo insur , inspect , demurrag , broker commiss , blend cost ( includ blend inventories/product , addit and other direct cost incur in blend the product for resal ) , financi charg , interest , transfer tax and miscellan item , sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 ( iii ) hedg loss , and ( iv ) sg & a cost alloc to the oper ( to be agre to in a budget and in write ahead of time , provid , howev , neither parti will includ sg & a incur by a parent entiti absent mutual agreement otherwis ) . “ transfer tax ” mean all transfer , documentari , sale , use , stamp , registr , convey or similar tax or charg ( “ transfer tax ” ) aris out of the transact contempl herebi and all charg for or in connect with the record of ani document or instrument contem- plate herebi . “ unreal gain on hedg ” mean the greater of zero and the hedg posit valu . “ unreal loss on hedg ” mean the lesser of zero and the hedg posit valu . “ unreal gain on inventori ” mean the greater of zero and the net gain in inventori market valu as compar to the inventori cost . “ unreal loss on inventori ” mean the lesser of zero and the net loss in inventori market valu as compar to the inventori cost . 2. co-oper procedur . 2.1. sourc and purchas . vertex shall be respons for the sourcing/produc of the product and shall sell to bunker one , and bunker one shall purchas , the agre output of the product in accord to fob ( marrero , la , us ( or per new/addit agre area ) ) the incoterms® 2010 rule , at the follow schedul price : the arithmet mean of platt 2 usgc pipe and platt ’ s ulsd usgc waterborn on agre price day less the agre upon discount [ ] . price mechan for the product will be made in accord to fob ( marrero , la , us ) the incoterms® 2010 rule ( hereinaft , the “ product cost ” ) . the abov price will be mutual negoti and revis everi third month . unless the parti otherwis agre in write , 100 of the output shall be alloc for use in the area ( the “ cooa output ” ) . vertex , on not less than 120 day prior written notic to bunker one ( the “ withdraw notic ” ) , shall have the right to remov all or a portion of the output from the coverag of the jsma , provid , howev , that , in such event , ( a ) vertex shall suppli a volum of altern materi equal to , or better than , in amount and qualiti ( the “ altern suppli ” ) to the volum of materi withdrawn , or ( b ) vertex shall reimburs bunker one for the net loss experienc by bunker one by reason of the loss of the withdrawn materi , determin on the basi of what bunker one would have earn on a net basi under the term of the jsma had the output not been withdrawn . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 in addit , in calcul the net loss experienc by bunker one in the event of withdraw subject to compens under ( b ) mention in the abov , vertex shall be credit with ani addit incom realiz by bunker one , determin on a cumul basi from and after the date of thi jsma , for ani product provid by vertex in excess of the output as well as ani cost save realiz by bunker one with respect to the altern suppli . 2.2. blend . the jsma output is meant for blend into other product by bunker one for the pur- pose of be transform into bunker suitabl fuel for a marin vessel 's propuls system and/or market wholesal product in variou other market for sale by bunker one to cus- tomer in the area . bunker one will be sole respons for the blend , market , sale and deliveri of the product in the area . the jsma output may also be sold as is without ani blend . 2.3. storag . the parti will , with prior written agreement , coordin effort to secur storag ca- paciti for the accumul and blend of product to make up the cargo to be suppli pursuant to the jsma . the parti agre that tank/storag fee incur for the sole ( ani other use will be upon mutual written agreement ) purpos of the jsma shall be for the account of the jsma . at commenc of thi agreement the parti have enter into the sublet agreement attach hereto as appendix b . 2.4. vessel charter : bunker one will coordin , secur and charter suitabl vessel need for the shipment of the product to variou sale destin . the parti agre that fee incur in con- nection with charter vessel for the sole ( ani other use will be upon mutual written agreement ) purpos of the jsma shall be for the account of the jsma . 2.5. risk manag : bunker one shall be respons for obtain risk manag relat prod- uct / hedg of the jsma output consist with the decis of the jdmb under the head of agreement . all fee incur , and profit/loss incur in connect with hedg of the jsma output shall be for the account of the jsma . all hedg is to be done on a physic , not specula- tive , basi . 2.6. exclus co-oper : it is agre that onli bunker one will be market thi jsma and the jsma output toward variou custom , but if a parti receiv a nomin ( be a written or oral request by/from a custom to a parti state deliveri place , deliveri date and window etc . ) or ani other commun from a custom regard the suppli of product ( either spot or whole cargo ) in the area , the parti is oblig to forward the nomin to bunker one and refer the custom to bunker one . dure the term , neither vertex nor ani affili of vertex may sell ani product to ani custom for their use as bunker fuel other than pursuant to the term of thi jsma . all sale toward custom for bunker fuel will be carri out exclus by bunker one in accord to the term set forth herein . as such all commun with custom shall go via bunker one unless otherwis is specif written agre in advanc . 3. mutual cooper . 3.1. the jsma will gener either a profit or a loss which shall be distribut between the parti as set out forth further below in thi claus . vertex and bunker one will act cooper in a commerci reason manner , to maxim profit and minim loss and compli with all term and condit pursuant to the jsma . the parti have establish a joint decision-mak bodi that will : ( a ) establish a budget no later than march in each fiscal year for the immedi ensu sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 fiscal year , to includ forecast of incom and expens and plan capit expenditur ( which capit expenditur budget shall includ a focu on item relat to the suppli and optim of the marin fuel or compon and item relat to support the market of the product and associ credit risk with respect to bunker one , and with respect to vertex , a focu on asset acquisition/leas of improv requir in support of acquisit and product of the product to the refin rack or other design transfer point ) , ( b ) review the financi inform provid by the respect parti for the transact occur dure the preced month/quarter/year; ( c ) strateg on the propos blend plan , ensu month for volum and margin per mt . plan for resuppli of compon and associ price target , relat expens , time and volumes; ( d ) discuss and approv ani other busi brought befor the committe for it review and approv . 3.2. account records; report : bunker one shall establish and maintain at it offic in mobil , alabama a detail ledger ( the “ detail ledger ” ) within their current report system with re- spect to thi agreement and all transact hereund suffici to track and reconcil all such transact and to calcul and track hedg posit valu , hedg profit , hedg loss , inventori cost , inventori market valu , remain exposur , total exposur , total realiz p/l , inter- est , unreal gain on hedg , unreal loss on hedg , unreal gain on inventori and unreal loss on inventori and ani and all payment made by or to bunker one or vertex with respect to thi agreement . 3.3. bunker one shall prepar and provid to vertex , on a monthli and quarterli basi , a statement set forth the statu of the detail ledger and each compon thereof ( the “ detail ledger statement ” ) . the detail ledger statement and all other report and settlement statement provid for herein shall be in such format as may be agre upon by the parti from time to time and shall includ such support document as is reason necessari or reason request by vertex to enabl vertex to verifi the accuraci of such report or settlement statement . bunker one shall prepar and maintain such other account and transact record as may be necessari to provid a full account of all transact and other activ under thi agree- ment . vertex ha the right , at it sole expens and dure normal work hour , to have a third parti account examin the record of bunker one . if ani such examin reveal ani inaccuraci in ani statement , the necessari adjust in such statement and the payment thereof will be made promptli and shall bear interest calcul at the interest rate from the date the overpay or underpay wa made until paid . 4. settlement and payment term . 4.1. payment by bunker one for the product , as defin in claus 2.1 , will be made by wire transfer within three ( 3 ) busi day after the date vertex invoic bunker one , to an account desig- nate from time to time by vertex . 4.2. on or befor the seventh ( 7th ) busi day after the end of each quarter dure the fiscal year may 1- april 30 ) bunker one shall prepar and send to vertex the detail ledger statement for the immedi preced quarter . if ani such quarterli detail ledger statement , or the final detail ledger statement issu by bunker one , show posit remain exposur for the pe- riod cover by the statement , then bunker one shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such amount to vertex . if ani such quarterli detail ledger statement show neg remain exposur for the period cover by the statement , then vertex shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 of such amount to bunker one . the first ledger statement for the first full fiscal quarter end after the effect date shall includ an adjust take into account the period begin with the first day follow the last day includ in the last ledger statement provid under the term of the origin cooa , and the first day of the period includ in the first ledger statement provid in accord with the provis of thi jsma . for exampl , if the last ledger statement provid under the origin cooa includ the three-month period end on septemb 30 , 2019 , and the first ledger statement provid under the term of thi jsma includ the three- month period end januari 31 , 2020 , then such first ledger statement shall also includ the month of octob , 2019 in addit to the month of novemb , decemb and januari . 4.3. in addit to the forego , on or befor the fifteenth ( 15th ) busi day after the end of each fiscal year bunker one shall prepar and send to vertex the detail ledger statement for the immedi preced fiscal year calcul on a cumul basi show payment made and receiv by the parti in satisfact of the percentag split shown abov , adjust to includ ani period exclud by reason of the convers from a calendar year to a fiscal year in the same manner in which quarterli calcul are adjust in section 4.2 ( i.e . the month of januari , februari , march and april , 2019 would be exclud in the annual calcul for the fiscal year end april 30 , 2020 , and these must be includ for purpos of prepar the ledger statement for fye 4/30/20 ) . in the event a parti ha receiv payment in excess of those to which such parti is entitl on a cumul basi as reflect in the annual detail ledger statement , such parti shall remit such excess to the other parti promptli upon receipt of demand therefor , or if such parti ha underfund it oblig in these same regard , such parti shall promptli remit the amount underfund to the other parti . ani amount to which a parti is entitl by virtu of ani monthli or quarterli detail ledger statement in excess of that reflect in the annual de- tail ledger statement that ha not been receiv shall be cancel . 4.4. in addit , within thirti ( 30 ) day after the later of the expir of the term or the final settlement and termin of all resal and hedg transact enter into dure the term of thi agreement , bunker one shall issu a final detail ledger statement . if the remain exposur shown on such final detail ledger statement is less than zero then vertex shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such amount to bunker one . if the remain exposur shown on such final detail ledger statement is greater than zero then bunker one shall pay [ ] percent ( [ ] ) of such amount to vertex . 4.5. payment for ani amount due in accord with the abov shall be made within three ( 3 ) busi day after the date of the applic detail ledger statement . if ani detail ledger state- ment is disput in good faith , the parti owe money will pay the undisput portion by the due date and will by such due date provid a written explan of the basi for the disput portion to such due date . the parti shall endeavor to resolv ani disput promptli , and the disput amount found due , if ani , plu accru interest at the interest rate shall be paid within three ( 3 ) busi day follow resolut of the disput . all payment under the term of thi agreement shall be made in us dollar and immedi avail fund . the parti shall net all undisput amount due and owe on the same day , and/or past due , aris under thi agreement such that the parti owe the greater amount shall make a singl payment of the net amount to the other parti . interest on late payment shall accru at the interest rate from the due date until the date of payment . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 5. term 5.1. the term of thi jsma shall commenc on may 1 , 2020 ( the “ commenc date ” ) and end at april 30 , 2029 ( the “ term ” ) , with automat renew each for a period of five ( 5 ) year ( a “ renew term ” ) unless notic is given pursuant to 5.2 . 5.2. thi jsma will be termin as of the end of the term or ani renew term , by either parti give written notic of non-renew to the other parti no less than 120 prior to the applic expiri date ( the `` termin period ” ) . 5.3. if at ani time an event of default ( as defin below ) ha occur and is continu , the default parti shall have ten ( 10 ) day after receipt of written notic from the non-default parti speci- fy the default , within which to cure ani such default , unless such default is not suscept of cure within such ten ( 10 ) day period in which case the default parti shall have such addit time as may be accept by the non-default parti ( in it sole discret ) , provid that the default parti initi cure proceed promptli and thereaft dilig pursu cure to complet . notwithstand the forego , in no event shall the cure period exceed thirti ( 30 ) day . upon the expir or laps of all notic and cure right if the default remain uncur the non-default parti may termin thi jsma with immedi effect . 5.4. in the event of a termin in accord to claus 5.2 it is agre that both parti agre to unwind and minim cost and exit the jsma as soon as practic possibl not exceed 120 day . 5.5. in the event of a termin in accord to claus 5.3 the default parti ha to indemnifi and hold harmless the non-default parti for ani and all loss , damag , cost etc . incur by the non-default parti as a consequ of an event of default . 5.6. a parti may termin the jsma immedi upon the deliveri of written notic to the other parti if there ha been a chang in control . the term “ chang in control ” , as use in thi agreement , mean ( a ) the sale or transfer , through one transact or a seri of transact , of all or some portion of the issu and outstand share of vote equiti interest of a parti , or such parti ’ s parent , such that the major of such equiti interest are own by individu ( s ) or entiti ( i ) that did not own a major of such equiti interest on the commenc date; ( b ) the reorgan , merger or consolid of a parti , or such parti ’ s parent , unless immedi follow such busi combin , all or substanti all of the individu and entiti who were the benefici owner of either entiti immedi prior to such busi combin benefici own , directli or indirectli , a major of the issu and outstand share of vote equiti interest of such entity; ( c ) the sale or transfer , through one transact or a seri of transact , of all or substanti all of the asset of a parti , or such parti ’ s parent; or ( d ) the occurr of ani other event ( s ) wherebi the individu or group of individu who ultim own or control a parti or such parti ’ s parent as of the commenc date no longer ha the right or abil to control or caus the direct of the manag and polici of such entiti . for these purpos bunker hold group is the parent of bunker one , inc. , and vertex energi , inc. is the parent of vertex energi oper llc . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 6. event of default 6.1. the occurr at ani time of ani of the follow event , and expir of ani applic notic or cure right , shall constitut an event of default ( an `` event of default '' ) : 6.1.1. a parti fail to make , when due , ani payment under thi jsma and such failur is not remedi within three ( 3 ) busi day after written notic of such failur is given to the party; 6.1.2. a parti fail to compli with or perform ani other oblig under thi jsma , if such failur is not cure within the expir of all applic notic and cure rights; 6.1.3. insolv etc . a parti is ( i ) dissolved; ( ii ) becom insolv or is unabl to pay it debt as they fall due or admit to be so in writing; ( iii ) make a gener arrang with or for the benefit of it creditors; ( iv ) suspend make payments; ( v ) institut or ha institut against it a proceed seek a judgement of insolv or bankruptci or ani other relief under ani bankruptci or insolv law other similar law affect creditor 's right , or a petit is present for it winding-up or liquid and such petit is not withdrawn , dismiss , discharg , stay or restrain within thirti ( 30 ) days; ( vi ) seek or becom subject to the appoint of an administr , provision liquid , conserv , receiv , truste , custodian or other similar offici for it for all or substanti all it assets; ( vii ) ha a secur parti take possess of all or substanti all it assets; ( viii ) caus or is subject to ani event with respect to it which , under the applic law of ani jurisdict , ha an analog effect to ani of the event specifi in ( i ) - ( viii ) ; or ( ix ) take ani action in further of , or indic it consent of , approv of , or acquiesc in , ani of the act refer to in thi claus . 7. tax 7.1. each parti is respons for payment and report of it feder , state , and local incom tax and state franchis , licens , and similar tax requir for the mainten of it busi exist . 7.2. should ani unexpect tax , fee , and/or other charg , includ penalti and/ or interest , occur becaus of one parti 's failur to pay and/or report , said parti shall bear all cost associ with such failur and shall indemnifi the other parti from addit cost . 8. confidenti 8.1. the jsma is privat and confidenti . both parti agre that all inform , other than exempt inform , obtain in connect with the jsma from the other parti shall be treat as confidenti properti of the other parti , and such confidenti properti shall not be disclos without the written consent of the other parti or use by the other parti for ani purpos other than fulfil it duti and respons establish hereunder; provid howev , that either parti may disclos such inform where requir or request by ani law , court of compet jurisdict or ani judici , government , supervisori or regulatori bodi , provid that the disclos parti notifi the other parti ( to the extent permit by law and regul ) , as soon as possibl , upon becom awar of ani such requir to give that parti the opportun to seek ani other legal remedi to maintain such inform in confid . each parti shall use it reason effort to have the inform maintain as confidenti when such disclosur is requir . “ exempt inform ” is ani inform that the recipi can demonstr ( a ) wa in sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 it possess prior to the time of disclosure; ( b ) is or becom public knowledg through no fault , omiss , or other act of the recipient; ( c ) is obtain from a third parti under no oblig of confidentiality; or ( d ) wa independ develop by or for the recipi without violat the term of thi agreement . 8.2. in the event that ani parti make a disclosur contrari to the provis of thi claus the other parti shall have the right , without prejudic to ani other right or remedi it may have hereund or otherwis , to termin the jsma effect immedi upon notic to the disclos parti . the oblig of confidenti shall be of a continu natur for 2 year after termin of thi jsma and shall not be cancel by the expir , suspens or termin of the jsma . notwithstand the forego , each parti on demand shall promptli disclos to the other all document and account relat to the jsma . 9. non-competit 9.1. both parti undertak , dure the term of thi jsma and for 2 ( two ) year from the termin or expiri of the jsma not to directli conduct or otherwis promot activ which compet at the point sourc of the other parti ’ s busi in the area . the point sourc of vertex be a specialti refin of altern feedstock engag in suppli and market of said refin stream and the point sourc of bunker one be a marin fuel blend bunker compani with sale outlet via trade , direct , wholesal and bunker busi . ani except from the above-st principl requir the written consent of the other parti . each parti is entitl to exercis ani and all right and remedi avail at law or in equiti , includ , without limit , pursu injunc- tive relief . 10. no author to bind . 10.1. neither parti ha the author to bind or enter into ani contract or agreement on behalf of the other parti , unless instruct in write prior to the conclus of the respect transact . the parti specif acknowledg that they are not establish a joint ventur or partnership or ani similar arrang . 11. assign . 11.1. neither parti shall assign or transfer ani right or oblig hereund without the express prior written consent of the other parti , which may not be unreason withheld . noth in the jsma is intend or shall be constru to confer upon or give to ani person or entiti ani right as a third parti beneficiari of the jsma or ani parti thereof . 12. indemnif . 12.1. vertex shall promptli indemnifi bunker one and pay ani and all damag , loss , liabil , cost and expens , includ reason attorney ‘ fee , incid to ani suit , action , investig , claim or proceed suffer , sustain , incur or requir to be paid by bunker one by reason of ani neglig , gross neglig and/or intent act or omiss on the part of vertex in render servic hereund , or ani breach or failur of observ or perform of ani represent , warranti , coven or agreement made by vertex hereund . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 12.2. bunker one shall promptli indemnifi vertex and pay ani and all damag , loss , liabil , cost and expens , includ reason attorney ‘ fee , incid to ani suit , action , investig , claim or proceed suffer , sustain , incur or requir to be paid by vertex by reason of ani neglig , gross neglig and/or intent act or omiss on the part of bunker one in render servic hereund , or ani breach or failur of observ or perform of ani rep- resent , warranti , coven or agreement made by bunker one hereund . 12.3. thi claus shall surviv termin of thi jsma . 13. law and jurisdict . 13.1. thi agreement shall be govern , interpret and constru in accord with the law of the state of alabama , without give effect to it conflict of law provis . ani disput aris out of or in connect with thi jsma , includ without limit ani question regard it exist , valid or termin , that is not resolv in accord with the provis set forth below in section 13.3 , shall be submit to the exclus jurisdict of the unit state district court for the southern district of alabama in the citi of mobil , unless that court doe not have subject-matt jurisdict or declin jurisdict , in which case ani such disput shall be submit to the exclus jurisdict of the state court for the state of alabama , citi of mobil , as describ in the follow paragraph . ani counterclaim aris out of , or in connect with , the disput shall be brought in the same proceed . 13.2. each parti submit to the jurisdict of the unit state district court for the southern district of alabama . each parti waiv , to the fullest extent permit by applic law , ani object to venu in the unit state district court for the southern district of alabama or to or ani claim of inconveni forum of such court or of sovereign immun . each parti waiv , to the fullest extent permit by applic law , ani right it may have to a trial by juri in respect of ani proceed relat to thi jsma . 13.3. arbitr . 13.3.1 resolut of disput . if a disput aris between the parti , the parti agre to use the follow procedur in good faith to resolv such disput promptli and non judici . for purpos of thi agreement , “ disput ” shall mean ani alleg materi breach of ani represent , warranti or oblig herein , or a disagr regard the interpret , perform or nonperform of ani provis thereof , or the valid , scope and enforc of these disput resolut procedur , or ani disput regard ani damag aris from the termin of thi agreement . ani parti may give written notic to ani other parti of the exist of a disput ( a “ disput notic ” ) . 13.3.2 negoti . within five ( 5 ) day after deliveri of ani disput notic the parti involv in the disput shall meet at a mutual agreeabl time and place and thereaft as often as they deem reason necessari to exchang relev inform and attempt in good faith to negoti a resolut of the disput . if the disput ha not been resolv within ten ( 10 ) day after the first meet of the parti , or , if the parti receiv the disput notic will not meet within ten ( 10 ) day after receipt of the disput notic , then either parti may , by deliv notic to the other parti , commenc arbitr proceed . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 13.3.3 gener disput resolut provis . ( a ) all deadlin specifi in thi section 13.3 may be extend by mutual agreement . the procedur specifi in thi section 13.3 are an essenti provis of thi agreement and are legal bind on the parti . these procedur shall be the sole and exclus procedur for the resolut of ani disput between the parti aris out of or relat to thi agreement . ani and all action to enforc the oblig under thi section 13.3 shall be brought in ani court specifi in section 13.1 . ( b ) the parti acknowledg that the provis of thi section 13.3 are intend to provid a privat resolut of disput between them . accordingli , all document , record , and other inform relat to the disput shall at all time be maintain in the strictest confi- denc and not disclos to ani third parti , other than the arbitr , except where specif allow hereund . all proceed , commun and negoti pursuant to thi section 13.3 are confidenti . in the event of ani judici challeng to , or enforc of , ani order or award hereund , ani parti may design such portion of the record of such proceed , commun , and negoti as such parti deem appropri to be file under seal . all pro- ceed , commun and negoti pursuant to thi section 13.3 shall be treat as com- promis negoti for all purpos , includ for purpos of the us feder rule of evid and state rule of evid . none of the statement , disclosur , offer , or commun ( or other assert made in ani proceed or negoti ) made pursuant to thi section 13.3 shall be deem admiss , nor shall ani of said statement , disclosur , offer , commun or assert be admiss for ani purpos other than the enforc of the term of thi section 13.3 . ( c ) the parti agre to act in good faith to compli with all of their respect oblig under thi agreement as much as possibl as if there were no disput dure ani pend mediat or arbitr hereund . ( d ) the parti agre that the term of thi section 13.3 shall surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement . ( e ) waiver of juri trial . the parti agre to have ani disput that is not resolv pursuant to the procedur establish in section 13.3 ( a ) - ( c ) decid by neutral arbitr as provid in thi section 13.3 ( e ) and the parti are give up ani right they might possess to have the disput litig in a court or by a juri trial . the parti are give up their judici right to discoveri and appeal , unless such right are specif includ in thi section 13.3 ( e ) . the parti acknowledg and agre that their agreement to thi arbitr provis is voluntari . for the avoid of doubt and in further of the forego , each parti hereto herebi waiv and coven that it will not assert ( whether as plaintiff , defend or otherwis ) ani right to trial by juri in ani forum in respect of ani issu or action , claim , caus of action or suit ( in contract , tort or otherwis ) , inquiri , proceed or investig aris out of or base upon thi agreement or the subject matter hereof , in each case whether now exist or hereaft aris . 13.4 each parti agre to the servic of ani court process by regist or certifi u.s. mail ( return receipt request ) or by express mail courier deliv to the parti at it last design address . in sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 addit , each parti agre that ani other method of servic allow by alabama law may be use . all process and ani accompani complaint or other plead shall be in the english languag and do not requir offici . 13.5 the unit nation convent on contract for the intern sale of good of vienna 1980 shall not appli to thi jsma . 14. merger . 14.1. the jsma is a complet and exclus statement of all term and condit govern the activ contempl by the jsma , and supersed all prior agreement between the parti , written or oral , relat hereto . unless identifi in the jsma ( i.e . sale agreement , termin agreement , charter parti agreement , etc . ) or subsequ document in write , no other contract or cours of deal between the parti , and no statement of ani agent , employe or representa- tive of either parti shall be admiss in constru the term of the jsma . each parti affirm that no represent have been made by the other parti , or reli on by it , in enter into thi jsma . 15. sever of provis . 15.1. the invalid , illeg or unenforc of ani one or more of the provis of the jsma , other than the fcpa provis , shall in no way affect or impair the valid and enforc of the remain provis hereof . 16. notic . 16.1. all notic and other commun given under the jsma shall be in write ( includ , without limit , by fax and email ) and shall be effect upon receipt by the addresse . 17. waiver . 17.1. no failur or ani delay on the part of a parti exercis ani right hereund shall oper as a waiver of ani such right . no waiver of ani default or breach of ani provis of thi jsma shall be deem a continu waiver or waiver of ani other breach or default . 18. anti-bribery/corrupt . 18.1. each parti , and ani agent or repres of ani parti act at such parti 's direct , on such parti ‘ s behalf , or for such parti 's benefit , in ani way relat to thi agreement ( collect , `` concern person '' ) , will be familiar with and compli with ( i ) the provis of the unit state foreign corrupt practic act ( 15 u.s.c.a . §§ 78dcl-1 et seq . ( 1997 & supp . 2004 ) ) , includ ani amend which may be effect dure the term hereof ( ii ) the law of the countri of incor- porat of such parti or such parti ‘ s ultim parent compani or the princip place of busi of such ultim parent company; or ( m ) the principl describ in the convent on combat briberi of foreign public offici in intern busi transact sign in pari in decemb 19 , 1997 , which enter into forc on februari 15 , 1999 and the convent commentari sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 or the uk briberi act 2010. in particular , in carri out ani duti under thi agreement , no concern person will make or offer to make the payment of money or anyth els of valu to : a. ani govern offici of ani countri , b. ani polit parti of ani countri , c. ani candid of ani polit parti of ani countri , d. ani other person , while know or have reason to know , that such person will make a payment to a govern offici , polit parti , or a candid of a polit parti of ani countri . 18.2. ani breach of thi paragraph by a concern person will result in the termin of thi agreement and will oblig the return of ani amount paid hereund to such concern person . 19. board of director meet . dure the term of thi jsma , provid that bunker one , directli or indirectli , consumm the capit invest describ in the term sheet , vertex shall permit a repres of bunker one , reason accept to a major of vertex ’ s board of director ( it be understood that carlo g. torr , sara shipman myer and peter zachariassen meet such criteria ) , to attend all meet of the board of director of vertex and it committe ( committe defi as audit and nomin committe and ani special committe form to consid extraordinari transac- tion ) in a non-vot observ capac and , in thi respect , shall give such repres of bunker one copi of all notic , minut , consent and other materi that vertex provid to it director and committe member , provid , that vertex reserv the right to withhold ani in- format and to exclud such repres from ani meet or portion thereof if vertex de- termin , upon advic of counsel , such withhold or exclus is necessari to preserv the at- torney-cli privileg between vertex and it counsel or would result in disclosur of trade se- cret . bunker one agre , and ani repres of bunker one will agre , to hold in confid ani confidenti inform provid to or learn by it in connect with it right under thi section . the confidenti provis hereof will surviv termin of the term . sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020 appendix a : ( see intertek report of analysi to includ ifo-180 , ifo-380 and dma ) appendix b : storag agreement . in wit whereof , the parti hereto have herebi execut thi agreement as of the date first written abov . bunker one , inc. /s/ sara shipman myer name : sara shipman myer vertex energi oper , llc name : ben cowart sourc : vertex energi inc. , 8-k , 1/13/2020