exhibit 10.2 execut version non-competit and non-solicit agreement thi non-competit and non-solicit agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) , date as of august 1 , 2019 ( the “ effect date ” ) , is enter into by quaker chemic corpor ( “ buyer ” ) , a pennsylvania corpor , gulf houghton lubric ltd. , a compani incorpor in the cayman island ( “ gulf houghton ” ) , gulf oil intern limit , a compani incorpor in the cayman island ( “ gulf intern ” ) , and gocl corpor limit , a public limit compani incorpor in india ( “ gulf oil ” and , togeth with gulf houghton and gulf intern , the “ seller ” and each , a “ seller ” ) . in addit , gulf oil lubric india , ltd , a public limit compani incorpor in india ( “ gulf india ” ) , is execut thi agreement sole for purpos of section 1 ( c ) [ confidentiality; non-competition; non-solicit ] . background wherea , gulf houghton own 3,074,270.00 of the outstand ordinari share ( the “ share ” ) in global houghton ltd. , an exempt compani incorpor under the law of the cayman island ( the “ compani ” ) ; gulf intern own approxim 90 of gulf houghton; and gulf oil is an indirect owner of approxim 10 of gulf houghton . wherea , the compani and it subsidiari are engag in the busi of manufactur , distribut and/or sell one or more of the follow formul chemic specialti product line : fire resist hydraul fluid , semi-synthet and specialti metalwork fluid , clean fluid , cold-rol oil , hot-rol oil , and specialti industri greas ( such busi , as conduct by the compani and it subsidiari as of the effect date , the “ compani busi ” ) . wherea , buyer and it subsidiari are engag in the busi of manufactur , distribut and/or sell the follow formul chemic specialti product line or chemic manag servic ( “ cm ” ) , ( i ) roll lubric ( use by manufactur of steel in the hot and cold roll of steel and by manufactur of aluminum in the hot roll of aluminum ) ; ( ii ) corros prevent ( use by steel and metalwork custom gener to protect metal dure manufactur , storag , and shipment ) ; ( iii ) metal finish compound ( use to prepar metal surfac for special treatment such as , but not limit to , galvan and tin plate and to prepar metal for further process ) ; ( iv ) machin and grind compound ( typic use by custom in cut , shape , and grind metal part which requir special treatment to enabl them to toler the manufactur process , achiev closer toler , and improv tool life ) ; ( v ) form compound ( use gener to facilit the draw and extrus of metal product ) ; ( vi ) bio-lubric ( typic use in machineri in the forestri and construct industri ) ; ( vii ) hydraul fluid ( use gener by steel , metalwork , mine , and other custom to oper hydraul equip ) ; ( viii ) chemic mill maskant for the aerospac industry; ( ix ) temporari and perman coat for metal and concret product , tube and pipe and other applications; ( x ) construct product , such as flexibl sealant and protect coat , for variou applications; ( xi ) variou specialti greas use in automobil , industri and variou other applications; ( xii ) variou die cast lubric and mold releas agents; ( xiii ) variou dust suppress , ground control agent and roof product use in mining; and ( xiv ) program to provid cm ( such busi , as conduct by buyer and it subsidiari as of the effect date , the “ exist busi ” and , togeth with the compani busi , the “ combin busi ” ) . wherea , buyer , gulf houghton and other sharehold of the compani are parti to a share purchas agreement date as of april 4 , 2017 , under which buyer is acquir the share ( the “ purchas agreement ” ) . capit term use herein but not otherwis defin herein shall have the mean given to such term in the purchas agreement . wherea , seller , togeth with the compani , have been substanti involv in and with the compani ’ s oper and manag and possess trade secret and other confidenti inform relat to the compani busi and the compani ’ s client , custom , vendor , supplier and oper . wherea , it is integr to buyer ’ s acquisit of the compani busi and a condit preced to the close of the transact contempl by the purchas agreement that the seller enter into thi agreement with buyer to provid for the protect of the combin busi ’ s custom and vendor relationship , trade secret , confidenti inform and other busi oper . pursuant to the purchas agreement , gulf houghton shall receiv cash consider and share of buyer ’ s capit stock in exchang for the share own by gulf houghton and as induc for gulf houghton and the other seller to enter into thi agreement . now therefor , in consider of the premis and the mutual represent , warranti , coven and agreement contain in thi agreement and in the purchas agreement , the parti , intend to be legal bound , agre as follow : 1. confidentiality; non-competition; non-solicit . ( a ) from and after the date hereof , each seller shall , and shall caus it affili to , hold , and shall use it reason best effort to caus it or their respect repres to hold , in confid ani and all inform , whether written or oral , concern buyer , the compani and the compani subsidiari , except to the extent that such seller can show that such inform : ( i ) is gener avail to and known by the public through no fault of ani seller or ani of their respect affili or repres or ( ii ) is law acquir by such seller , ani of it affili or their respect repres from and after the date hereof from sourc that are not prohibit from disclos such inform by a legal , contractu or fiduciari oblig . if ani seller or ani of it affili or their respect repres are compel to disclos ani inform by judici or administr process or by other requir of law , such seller shall promptli notifi buyer in write and shall disclos onli that portion of such inform that such seller is advis by it counsel is legal requir to be disclos , provid that such seller shall use reason best effort to obtain an appropri protect order or other reason assur that confidenti treatment will be accord such inform . ( b ) each seller agre that for a period commenc on the effect date and end two year after the close date ( the “ non- compet period ” ) , it shall not , other than sole through it direct or indirect ownership of buyer ’ s capit stock or ani other interest in buyer , directli , or indirectli , includ through or on behalf of a subsidiari , anywher in the world , exclud india : ( i ) own , manag , oper or control ani busi which compet with ani combin busi or ( ii ) be or becom a sharehold , partner , member or owner of ani person who is engag in ani combin business; provid , howev that noth in thi agreement shall : ( i ) prohibit or restrict ani seller , directli or indirectli , from own , as a passiv investor , not more than five ( 5 ) percent collect and in the aggreg of ani class of outstand publicli trade secur of ani person so engaged; ( ii ) prohibit or restrict ani seller , directli or indirectli , from engag in such seller ’ s busi as conduct on the effect date and reason extens thereof , which may includ routin , day-to-day transact with ani entiti , and ( iii ) appli to or restrict ani busi of which a seller acquir control after the effect date provid that the acquir busi did not receiv more than 25,000,000 of it aggreg net sale ( as measur dure the 12 full calendar month prior to such acquisit ) from product line includ within the definit of compani busi . each seller agre that thi coven is reason with respect to it durat , geograph area and scope . for purpos of thi agreement , the term “ control ” ( includ the term “ control by ” and “ under common control with ” ) mean the possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag and polici of a person , whether through the ownership of vote secur , by contract or otherwis . ( c ) gulf oil and gulf india each agre dure the non-compet period not to acquir , directli or indirectli , control of ani busi involv in , or otherwis compet with , the busi of the combin busi from ani entiti on schedul 1 hereto . ( d ) each seller agre that for a period commenc on the effect date and end three year after the close date ( the “ non-solicit period ” ) , each seller shall not , directli or indirectli : ( i ) induc , solicit , recruit or attempt to persuad ani employe of the combin busi to termin hi or her employ with the buyer or ani of it subsidiari , or ( ii ) solicit the employ of ani of the employe of the combin busi . notwithstand the abov , seller shall not be restrict from ( 1 ) solicit for employ or hire former employe of buyer or the compani ( includ their respect subsidiari ) whose employ wa termin by buyer or the compani ( includ their respect subsidiari ) at least six month prior to such initi solicit by such seller or ( 2 ) solicit employe of the combin busi by mean of a gener solicit through a public medium or gener or mass mail that is not specif target at employe or former employe of the combin business; provid , howev , that thi claus ( 2 ) shall not permit ani seller to hire ani such employe dure the non-solicit period . ( e ) it is the intent of the parti that the coven contain in thi section 1 shall be enforc to the greatest extent ( but to no greater extent ) in time , area and degre of particip as is permit by the law of that jurisdict whose law is applic to ani act allegedli in breach of such coven . to thi end , the parti agre that the coven contain in thi section 1 shall be constru to extend in time and territori and with respect to degre of particip onli so far as they may be enforc in such jurisdict , and that the coven contain in thi section 1 are to that end herebi declar divis and sever . it be the purpos of thi section 1 to govern competit by the seller and their respect subsidiari , the non-competit coven contain in thi section 1 shall be govern by and constru accord to the law of all the jurisdict in which competit in breach of thi agreement is alleg to have occur or to be threaten that best give them effect . 2. notic . all notic , request , consent , claim , demand , waiver and other commun hereund shall be in write and shall be deem to have been given : ( a ) when deliv by hand ( with written confirm of receipt ) ; ( b ) when receiv by the addresse if sent by a nation recogn overnight courier ( receipt request ) ; ( c ) on the date sent by facsimil or e-mail of a pdf document ( with confirm of transmiss ) if sent dure normal busi hour of the recipi , and on the next busi day if sent after normal busi hour of the recipi or ( d ) on the third day after the date mail , by certifi or regist mail , return receipt request , postag prepaid . such commun must be sent to the respect parti at the follow address ( or at such other address for a parti as shall be specifi in a notic given in accord with thi section 2 ) : to the buyer : quaker chemic corpor one quaker park 901 e. hector street conshohocken , pa 19428-2380 facsimil : ( 610 ) 832-4496 e-mail : traubrquakerchem.com attent : robert t. traub with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : drinker , biddl & reath llp one logan squar suit 2000 philadelphia , pennsylvania 19103 facsimil : ( 215 ) 988-2757 e-mail : douglas.raymonddbr.com attent : f. dougla raymond , iii if to ani of the seller : gulf houghton lubric ltd. whitehal hous , 238 north church street , p.o . box 1043 , georg town grand cayman ky1-1102 cayman island facsimil : ( 305 ) 675-2619 email : sandraaccla.im attent : sandra georgeson with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : mayer brown llp 1221 avenu of the america new york , new york 10020 facsimil : ( 212 ) 849-5914 e-mail : rwheelermayerbrown.com attent : reb d. wheeler 3. successor and assign . thi agreement shall be bind upon and inur to the benefit of the parti and their respect successor and permit assigns; provid that thi agreement shall not be assign or otherwis transfer by ani parti without the prior written consent of the other parti ( which consent shall not be unreason withheld or delay ) and ani purport assign or transfer without such consent shall be null and void . no assign shall reliev the assign parti of ani of it oblig hereund . 4. govern law . ( a ) thi agreement shall be govern by and constru in accord with the intern law of the commonwealth of pennsylvania without give effect to ani choic or conflict of law provis or rule ( whether of the commonwealth of pennsylvania or ani other jurisdict ) . ( b ) ani legal suit , action or proceed aris out of or base upon thi agreement , the other transact document or the transact contempl herebi or therebi may be institut in the feder court of the unit state of america or the court of the commonwealth of pennsylvania in each case locat in the citi of philadelphia and counti of philadelphia , and each parti irrevoc submit to the exclus jurisdict of such court in ani such suit , action or proceed . servic of process , summon , notic or other document by mail to such parti ’ s address set forth herein shall be effect servic of process for ani suit , action or other proceed brought in ani such court . the parti irrevoc and uncondit waiv ani object to the lay of venu of ani suit , action or ani proceed in such court and irrevoc waiv and agre not to plead or claim in ani such court that ani such suit , action or proceed brought in ani such court ha been brought in an inconveni forum . ( c ) each parti acknowledg and agre that ani controversi which may aris under thi agreement or the other transact document is like to involv complic and difficult issu and , therefor , each such parti irrevoc and uncondit waiv ani right it may have to a trial by juri in respect of ani legal action aris out of or relat to thi agreement , the other transact document or the transact contempl herebi or therebi . each parti to thi agreement certifi and acknowledg that ( a ) no repres of ani other parti ha repres , expressli or otherwis , that such other parti would not seek to enforc the forego waiver in the event of a legal action , ( b ) such parti ha consid the implic of thi waiver , ( c ) such parti make thi waiver voluntarili and ( d ) such parti ha been induc to enter into thi agreement by , among other thing , the mutual waiver and certif in thi section 4 ( c ) [ govern law ] . 5. injunct relief; attorney fee . each seller agre that in the event of a breach of thi agreement , the damag to buyer will be inestim and that therefor ani remedi at law or in monetari damag shall be inadequ . accordingli , the parti agre that buyer shall , in addit to monetari damag incur by reason of ani such breach or potenti breach , without the necess of post ani bond or similar instrument ( and seller herebi irrevoc waiv ani right it may have to requir the obtain , furnish or post of ani such bond or similar instrument ) be entitl to seek injunct relief ( includ specif perform ) against the seller for breach of thi agreement . if ani action or proceed shall be commenc to enforc thi agreement or ani right aris in connect with thi agreement , the prevail parti in such action or proceed shall be entitl to recov from the other parti the reason attorney ’ fee , cost and expens incur by such prevail parti in connect with such action or proceed . 6. entir agreement . thi agreement and the other transact document to which the parti hereto are parti constitut the sole and entir agreement of the parti to thi agreement with respect to the subject matter contain herein and therein , and supersed all prior and contemporan understand and agreement , both written and oral , with respect to such subject matter . 7. amend waiver , etc . no amend , modif or discharg of thi agreement , and no waiver hereund , shall be valid or bind unless set forth in write and duli execut by the parti against whom enforc of the amend , modif , discharg or waiver is sought . ani such waiver shall constitut a waiver onli with respect to the specif matter describ in such write and shall in no way impair the right of the parti grant such waiver in ani other respect or at ani other time . neither the waiver by a parti of a breach of or a default under ani of the provis of thi agreement , nor the failur by ani parti , on one or more occas , to enforc ani of the provis of thi agreement or to exercis ani right or privileg hereund , shall be constru as a waiver of ani other breach or default of a similar natur , or as a waiver of ani of such provis , right or privileg hereund . the right and remedi herein provid are cumul and none is exclus of ani other , or of ani right or remedi that ani parti may otherwis have at law or in equiti . 8. sever . if ani term or provis of thi agreement is invalid , illeg or unenforc in ani jurisdict , such invalid , illeg or unenforc shall not affect ani other term or provis of thi agreement or invalid or render unenforc such term or provis in ani other jurisdict . upon such determin that ani term or other provis is invalid , illeg or unenforc , the parti hereto shall negoti in good faith to modifi thi agreement so as to effect the origin intent of the parti as close as possibl in a mutual accept manner in order that the transact contempl herebi be consumm as origin contempl to the greatest extent possibl . 9. counterparts; effectiveness; third parti beneficiari . thi agreement may be execut in counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin and both of which shall togeth constitut one and the same instrument . thi agreement shall becom effect when each parti shall have receiv a counterpart hereof sign by the other parti . until and unless each parti ha receiv a counterpart hereof sign by the other parti , thi agreement shall have no effect and none of the parti shall have ani right or oblig hereund ( whether by virtu of ani other oral or written agreement or other commun ) . facsimil , e-mail transmiss of .pdf signatur or other electron copi of signatur shall be deem to be origin counterpart . no provis of thi agreement is intend to confer ani right , benefit , remedi , oblig or liabil hereund upon ani person other than the parti and their respect successor and permit assign . 10. cooperation; further assur . each of the parti shall execut such further instrument and take such other action as the other parti shall reason request in order to effectu the purpos of thi agreement . 11. interpret . the word “ hereof ” , “ herein ” and “ hereund ” and word of like import use in thi agreement shall refer to thi agreement as a whole and not to ani particular provis of thi agreement . the caption herein are includ for conveni of refer onli and shall be ignor in the construct or interpret hereof . refer to section are to section of thi agreement unless otherwis specifi . ani singular term in thi agreement shall be deem to includ the plural , and ani plural term the singular . whenev the word “ includ ” , “ includ ” or “ includ ” are use in thi agreement , they shall be deem to be follow by the word “ without limit ” , whether or not they are in fact follow by those word or word of like import . “ write ” , “ written ” and compar term refer to print , type and other mean of reproduc word ( includ electron media ) in a visibl form . refer to ani person includ the successor and permit assign of that person . refer from or through ani date mean , unless otherwis specifi , from and includ or through and includ , respect . ani refer to “ day ” mean calendar day unless busi day are expressli specifi . if ani action under thi agreement is requir to be done or taken on a day that is not a busi day , then such action shall be requir to be done or taken not on such day but on the first succeed busi day thereaft . the head in thi agreement are for refer onli and shall not affect the interpret of thi agreement . [ signatur page follow ] in wit whereof , each of the parti ha duli execut thi agreement as of the effect date . quaker chemic corpor by : /s/ robert t. traub name : robert t. traub titl : vice presid , gener counsel and corpor secretari [ signatur page to non-competit and non-solicit agreement ] gulf houghton lubric ltd. by : /s/ sandra georgeson name : sandra georgeson titl : director [ signatur page to non-competit and non-solicit agreement ] gulf oil intern , ltd. by : /s/ benjamin booker name : benjamin booker titl : director [ signatur page to non-competit and non-solicit agreement ] gocl corpor limit by : /s/ subha pramanik name : subha pramanik titl : manag director [ signatur page to non-competit and non-solicit agreement ] gulf oil lubric india , ltd. by : /s/ ravi chawla name : ravi chawla titl : manag director [ signatur page to non-competit and non-solicit agreement ]