exhibit 10.13 outsourc contract on develop of miaoli royal resort hotel plan unit : chang chen-bin architect offic octob 29 , 2015 sourc : imperi garden & resort , inc. , dr ( on f-1 ) , 10/28/2016 outsourc contract on develop of miaoli royal resort hotel the covenant : the huang jia countri club and recreat inc. ( hereinaft refer to as parti a ) and the covenant : chang chen- bin architect offic ( hereinaft refer to as parti b ) herebi agre to establish the follow term and condit with regard to the develop of miaoli royal resort hotel : articl i. outsourc project develop of miaoli royal resort hotel articl ii . project rang the base of the project is locat on lot no . 19 and so on in the section of laotianliao , touwu township , miaoli counti ( refer to the attach map for more detail ) with an area about 29 hectar . articl iii . outsourc work outsourc work regard thi contract is state below : part i : establish of architectur develop plan and busi plan i. establish of document and draw relev to the architectur develop plan and busi plan ii . attend of concern work coordin meet 1. attend of relev review meet and present 2. repli to relev consult and revis of the develop plan part ii : develop of soil and water conserv plan i. establish of document and draw relev to the soil and water conserv plan . 1. trunk sewer , calcul on water control and treatment and relev design draw . 2. design of disast prevent facil dure construct . 3. design of desilt and detent basin . 4. design and draw relev to soil and water conserv . ii . attend of concern work coordin meet 1. attend of review meet and present 2. repli to relev consult and revis of scheme draw associ with soil and water conserv . iii . sign & verif of technician sign and verif relev to land prepar and water discharg of the project . sourc : imperi garden & resort , inc. , dr ( on f-1 ) , 10/28/2016 part iii : environment impact assess report i. program on runoff of wast water and pollut reduct on the construct site . ii . implement plan for environment protect . iii . environment monitor ( monitor report prior to environment impact assess ) iv . establish of environment impact statement and assess report part iv : establish of document relev to chang of land usag ( i ) establish of document and draw relev to chang of land usag . ( ii ) . attend of concern work coordin meet 1. attend of relev review meet and present . 2. repli to relev consult and plan revis . part v : establish of document and draw relev to landscap i. principl , concept and calcul on landscap ii . plant scheme & relev design draw iii . calcul & draw on green cover rate part vi : plan , design and monitor on miscellan work i. basic design . ii . establish of document & draw relev to miscellan work 1. trunk sewer , calcul on water control and treatment and relev design draw 2. design of disast prevent facil dure construct 3. design of desilt and detent basin 4. design and draw relev to miscellan work iii . attend of miscellan work review meet 1. attend of project review meet and present 2. repli to relev consult and revis of relev document and draw . iv . sign & verif of technician and architect sign & verif of miscellan work relev to the project ( includ sign and verif of geolog technician ) v. construct monitor vi . submit document for obtain miscellan licens , provid structur design and sign and verif relev to the miscellan work . part vii : plan and design of relev build and construct monitor i. plan & design of relev build . sourc : imperi garden & resort , inc. , dr ( on f-1 ) , 10/28/2016 ii . coordin on geolog drill and survey and arrang of build structur , sewag treatment , water and electr util , fire protect , telecommun and electr and mechan system etc . for variou profession technician pursuant to relev law and regul . iii . construct draw ( involv build structur , interior decor , water suppli and drainag and electr , telecommun , monitor , fire protect and air condit system ) . iv . assist in work quantiti count & valuat . v. submit of construct licens and structur , water , electr and fire protect design for review , sign and verif . vi . monitor on major construct part . vii . construct monitor ( survey on major part ) . viii . solv ani disput & problem relev to the construct . ix . other item agre by the two parti herein . articl iv . servic fee the fee for servic mention in part i to part vi are ntd 12 million ( ( say twelv million onli ) in total and the fee for plan and design of the build and construct monitor shall be calcul base on the ratio of 3.50 of the legal construct cost hereof . should parti a requir a comprehens modif on the develop plan of the project outsourc and ani subsequ extra cost occur in parti b; parti a shall bear the correspond extra servic fee . articl v. payment method with regard to the payment method regard the project herein , parti a shall remit relev cash into the account design by parti b by stage as per the follow condit : stage 1 : the servic fee of ntd 1.2 million ( say one million and twenti thousand onli ) shall be paid upon sign of the contract herein . stage 2 : the servic fee of ntd 1.2 million ( say one million and twenti thousand onli ) shall be paid upon complet of the busi plan and architectur develop plan and relev draw . stage 3 : the servic fee of ntd 1.2 million ( say one million and twenti thousand onli ) shall be paid after the soil and water conserv plan and relev draw are file in the counti govern . stage 4 : the servic fee of ntd 1.2 million ( say one million and twenti thousand onli ) shall be paid after the environment impact assess report and relev draw are file in the counti govern . sourc : imperi garden & resort , inc. , dr ( on f-1 ) , 10/28/2016 stage 5 : the servic fee of ntd 1 million ( say one million onli ) shall be paid after the environment impact assess report is adopt . stage 6 : the servic fee of ntd 3 million ( say three million onli ) shall be paid after the develop plan is adopt . stage 7 : the servic fee of ntd 1 million ( say one million onli ) shall be paid after chang of the non-urban land usag is complet . stage 8 : the servic fee that is 3.00 of the legal construct cost shall be paid after document and draw for appli for the construct licens of relev build and the applic is submit to the compet author . stage 9 : the servic fee that is 0.5 of the legal construct cost shall be paid upon submit the construct start applic to the compet author . stage 10 : the final servic fee shall be paid in a lump sum upon the complet of the structur of relev build and submit the usag licens applic to the compet author . in case the contract can not be perform due to ani reason other than the architect herein , the client agre the fee paid will not be refund . in case the contract can not be perform due to the architect herein , the architect shall refund the fee paid in full without take ani interest to the client . articl vi . exclus the servic fee shall not includ the fee for land measur and boundari identif , geolog drill , meet relev land administr regul , air pollut prevent , meet relev construct regul , secur system monitor , scriven servic , deposit of soil and water conserv , review of the compet author , attend of concern expert and scholar and meet relev administr regul . articl vii . term plan parti b shall make the most econom and effect arrang for parti a with respect to the project base on the principl of align with the plan progress of parti a. the term plan is state as follow : i. topograph survey and measur , geolog drill and program evalu ( about 1.0 month ) ; ii . establish of architectur develop plan and busi plan ( about 2.0 month ) ; iii . develop of soil and water conserv plan ( about 2.0 month ) ; iv . establish of environment impact assess report ( about 8.0 month ) ; v. review of develop plan ( contain soil and water conserv plan and environment impact assess report ) ( about 4 - 6 month ) ; sourc : imperi garden & resort , inc. , dr ( on f-1 ) , 10/28/2016 vi . miscellan work review ( about 2 - 4 month ) ; vii . chang of usag zone and categori of the land ( about 2 - 4 month ) ; viii . applic for miscellan licens ( about 1.0 month ) ix . applic for construct licens ( includ review on green construct materi and barrier-fre facil ) ( about 1.0 month ) articl viii . duti of parti a parti a shall provid the follow data dure the term mention abov : i. data of right relev to the land . ii . data requir by parti b and can be provid by parti a . ( i ) basic data that must be provid in accord with relev regul : 1. name and busi address of the developer; 2. full name , address and id card number of the person in charge; 3. purpos and content of the develop . articl ix . duti of parti b i. parti b shall follow all instruct of parti a and ensur all plan and design of the project to meet relev construct law and regul . ii . parti b shall take on a profession attitud for variou servic mention in articl iii of the contract , maintain benefit and interest of parti a all the time and adopt the most econom option under the precondit of safeti and reliabl . iii . parti b is obligatori to report the latest progress and complet content to parti a. articl x. special term i. with regard to the payment of all fee for profession servic , the person appoint shall design relev profession institut and pay the fee directli to them and the servic fee due will be deduct after the payment forego is made . ii . ani other item not specifi in the contract may be negoti and formul by the both parti herein separ . sourc : imperi garden & resort , inc. , dr ( on f-1 ) , 10/28/2016 articl xi . disput resolv both parti herein agre to resolv ani disput regard interpret of the contract in the follow method : i. should both parti be unabl to reach an agreement within one month through negoti , they may appli for an arbitr in miaoli counti and the arbitr result shall be compulsori . ii . should either parti herein initi a legal proceed for revok ani arbitr result regard the contract , both parti herein agre to take the miaoli district court of taiwan as the compet court of first instanc pursuant to the law of the r.o.c .. articl xii . the contract shall be made in duplic and parti a and parti b shall hold a copi respect in wit thereof . covenant parti a : the huang jia countri club and recreat inc. address : floor 4 , no . 106 , zhouzi street , neihu district , taipei citi tel : 02-26582502 parti b : chang chen-bin architect offic unifi no : 95822673 address : no. 1 , floor 10 , no . 575 , jinhwa road , bei district , taichung citi tel : 04-22373588 fax : 04-22373388 octob 29 , 2015 sourc : imperi garden & resort , inc. , dr ( on f-1 ) , 10/28/2016