exhibit 10.29 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . execut version outsourc agreement between paratek pharmaceut , inc. and carbogen amci ag date 30 decemb 2016 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . tabl of content articl 1 interpret 1.1 definit 1.2 other definit 1.3 currenc 1.4 head 1.5 exhibit 1.6 applic law articl 2 term 2.1 term 2.2 effect of expir on purchas order articl 3 suppli of product 3.1 suppli of product 3.2 manufactur servic 3.3 suppli of materi and custom materi 3.4 product capac 3.5 process chang 3.6 monitor of facil 3.7 subcontract 3.8 [ ] 3.9 [ ] 3.10 territori expans 3.11 suppli to custom license 3.12 altern suppli articl 4 forecast 4.1 short term roll forecast 4.2 long term forecast confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl 5 test and sampl 5.1 releas test 5.2 addit releas test 5.3 retent sampl 5.4 stabil test 5.5 refer standard 5.6 prepar of process qualif articl 6 purchas order 6.1 placement of purchas order 6.2 accept of order 6.3 delay 6.4 cancel of purchas order 6.5 materi failur of suppli 6.6 servic articl 7 shipment of product 7.1 storag of product 7.2 releas and shipment of product 7.3 document 7.4 steer committe articl 8 accept of shipment 8.1 accept of shipment 8.2 disput of reject product 8.3 remedi articl 9 fee 9.1 fee 9.2 adjust to fee 9.3 tax confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl invoic and payment 10.1 issuanc of invoic 10.2 invoic content 10.3 delay of shipment 10.4 payment of invoic articl intellectu properti 11.1 titl 11.2 no grant of right 11.3 grant of licens by custom 11.4 ownership of invent 11.5 patent to invent 11.6 no use of trademark 11.7 [ ] articl confidenti & public 12.1 oblig of confidenti 12.2 disclosur with consent 12.3 public 12.4 disclosur requir by law 12.5 employe confidenti and invent assign 12.6 durat of oblig articl represent , warranti and coven 13.1 supplier ’ s represent , warranti and coven 13.2 custom ’ s represent , warranti and coven 13.3 no other warranti 13.4 no consequenti damag and limit of liabil articl indemnif 14.1 indemnif of supplier confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 14.2 indemnif of custom 14.3 intellectu properti indemn 14.4 indemnif procedur articl insur 15.1 insur coverag 15.2 evid of insur articl legal and regulatori 16.1 complianc with law 16.2 mainten of record 16.3 notic of report 16.4 drug master file 16.5 complianc with regulatori standard 16.6 inspect articl recal 17.1 safeti 17.2 recal 17.3 supplier ’ s liabil for recal 17.4 custom ’ s liabil for recal 17.5 replac shipment articl termin 18.1 termin 18.2 consequ of termin 18.3 return of sampl 18.4 return of confidenti inform 18.5 surviv articl miscellan 19.1 assignment; inur confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 19.2 chang of control 19.3 counterpart 19.4 disput resolut 19.5 forc majeur 19.6 perform 19.7 further assur 19.8 independ contractor 19.9 injunct 19.10 notic 19.11 entir agreement 19.12 sever 19.13 waiver confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . thi agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) , date decemb 30 , 2016 ( the “ effect date ” ) , is between : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , a compani have a place of busi at 75 park plaza , 4th floor , boston , ma 02116 , usa ( “ custom ” ) and : carbogen amci ag , a compani have a place of busi at hauptstrass 171 , ch 4416 bubendorf , switzerland ( “ supplier ” and , collect with custom , the “ parti ” , and each , a “ parti ) . wherea : a. custom is the owner of certain technolog and patent right regard the product ( as defin herein ) have the descript set out in exhibit a ( descript of product ) and exhibit b ( chemic synthesi ) ; b. custom ha file / intend to file for approv with the unit state food and drug administr and/or it foreign equival , an investig new drug applic ( “ ind ” ) and a new drug applic ( “ nda ” ) , and/or the foreign equival thereof , for certain formul contain the product; c. supplier is engag in the busi of perform contract process develop , manufactur and suppli servic of activ pharmaceut ingredi ( “ api ” ) and intermediates; and d. custom desir that supplier manufactur the product in bulk quantiti , and supplier desir to perform such servic , each on the term and condit set out in thi agreement . now therefor , in consider of the premis and the mutual coven and agreement contain herein and other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti hereto agre as follow : articl 1 interpret 1.1 definit in thi agreement , in addit to word and phrase defin where they are use , the follow word and phrase shall have the follow mean : a ) “ affili ” of a parti shall mean ani entiti , directli or indirectli , control , control by , or under common control with a parti . for purpos of thi definit , “ control ” ( includ , “ control by ” and “ under confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . common control ” ) shall mean : ( a ) ownership of at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti capit or other ownership interest in or of an entity; ( b ) the power to control or otherwis direct the affair of an entity; ( c ) in the case of non-stock organ , the power to control the distribut of profit of an entity; or ( d ) such other relationship as , in fact , result in actual control over the manag , busi , and affair of an entity; b ) “ agreement ” mean thi suppli agreement for the product , includ all exhibit attach hereto; c ) “ applic law ” mean ani applic law , statut , rule , regul , order , judgment or ordin of ani government or regulatori author or agency; d ) “ applic regulatori author ” mean fda , emea and/or other equival government or regulatori author or agenc and ani successor thereto; e ) “ busi day ” mean ani day on which bank institut in boston , massachusett and bubendorf , switzerland are open for business; f ) “ campaign ” mean a schedul of one or more discret batch of product manufactur in sequenc by supplier without paus to chang over to manufactur of ani other product; g ) “ cgmp requir ” mean the current good manufactur practic standard requir under ich q7a guidelin and/or ani similar standard of applic government and/or regulatori author as defin in the qualiti agreement; h ) “ chang of control ” mean ani transact or seri of transact wherein ( a ) the vote secur of supplier outstand immedi prior thereto ceas to repres at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the combin vote power of the surviv entiti immedi after such transact or transactions; ( b ) the stockhold or equiti holder of supplier approv a plan of complet liquid of supplier , or an agreement for the sale or disposit by supplier of all or substanti all of supplier ’ s asset , other than to an affiliate; ( c ) a third parti becom the benefici owner of fifti percent ( 50 ) or more of the combin vote power of the outstand secur of supplier; or ( d ) substanti all of supplier ’ s busi or asset which relat to thi agreement are sold or otherwis transfer to a third party; i ) “ chemic synthesi ” mean establish and reliabl execut of chemic reaction in order to produc the “ product ” by appli chemic and physic manipul usual involv one or more reactions; j ) “ confidenti inform ” mean all written inform and data provid by the parti to each other hereund and identifi as be “ confidenti ” and provid to the recipi , except that the term “ confidenti inform ” shall not appli to ani inform or ani portion thereof which : ( i ) wa known to the recipi or ani of it affili , as evidenc by it written record , befor receipt thereof under thi agreement; ( ii ) is disclos to the recipi or ani of it affili , without oblig of confidenti , dure the term by a third parti who ha the right to make such disclosure; confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . ( iii ) is or becom part of the public domain through no breach of thi agreement by the recipient; or ( iv ) the recipi can demonstr through compet written record is independ develop by or for the recipi or ani of it affili by individu or entiti who have not had access to the inform disclos under thi agreement . the confidenti inform may includ , without limit , data , know-how , formula , process , design , sketch , photograph , plan , draw , specif , sampl , report , studi , data , find , invent , idea , product facil , machin , product capac , price , market share , research and develop project , and other market data . for the purpos of thi agreement , master batch record shall be deem the confidenti inform of custom and the product specif shall be deem the confidenti inform of customer; k ) “ custom license ” mean ani third parti to whom custom grant a licens or a right to research , develop , make , have made , use , sell , have sold , import , export or otherwis exploit a product or custom product; l ) “ custom materi ” mean the compound satisfi the custom materi specification; m ) “ custom materi specif ” mean the specif for the custom materi set forth in the qualiti agreement , as such may be amend from time to time in accord with it terms; n ) “ custom product ” mean ani pharmaceut product own , control or sold by custom , it affili or custom license that incorpor or is deriv from a product; o ) “ custom technolog ” mean : [ ] ; p ) “ drug master file ” or “ dmf ” mean a submiss to the applic regulatori author that provid detail inform about facil , process or articl use in the manufactur , process , packag and store of a drug or excipi , among other , in order to obtain appropri applic regulatori author approv for the product for that drug; q ) “ emea ” mean the european medicin agenc and ani successor thereto; r ) “ fda ” mean the unit state food and drug administr and ani successor thereto; s ) “ fd & c act ” mean the feder food , drug and cosmet act , as the same may be amend or supplement from time to time; t ) “ fee ” mean the fee specifi in exhibit c , as may be amend by the parti in accord with thi agreement; confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . u ) “ improv ” mean , in relat to ani intellectu properti , ani and all version , adapt , modif , improv , enhanc , chang , revis , translat and deriv work ( whether complet or incomplet ) , of , to , in or base upon such intellectu property; v ) “ intellectu properti ” mean anyth that is protect by ani right in and to ani and all patent , trade-mark , copyright , industri design , confidenti inform , know-how and process , and all other intellectu and industri properti right whatsoev and world-wid ( whether regist or unregist and includ right in ani applic for ani of the forego ) ; w ) “ manufactur , ” “ manufactur ” or “ manufactur ” mean all activ involv in the product of product to be suppli to custom or it affili hereund , includ the prepar , formul , finish , test , storag and packag for shipment of product and the handl , storag and dispos of ani residu or wast gener thereby; x ) “ manufactur process ” mean the activ set out in ( a ) thi agreement , ( b ) the master batch record and ( c ) supplier ’ s standard oper procedur for the manufactur , character and test , and bulk packag and storag of the product; y ) “ master batch record ” mean the complet detail manufactur and control instruct and specif for the manufactur process for the product , as defin by the applic valid protocol and cgmp requir , as may be amend from time to time; in accord with cgmp requir , or by mutual agreement of both custom and supplier; z ) “ materi ” mean ani and all materi , reagent , chemic , compound , physic sampl , model , specimen and ani other similar physic substanc that are use in the manufactur of the product except for custom materi , includ process and activ lead up to and peripher to the manufactur of the product; aa ) “ product ” mean the compound product as describ in exhibit a satisfi the product specifications; bb ) “ product specif ” mean the specif for the product set forth in the qualiti agreement , as such may be amend from time to time in accord with it terms; cc ) “ qualiti agreement ” shall mean that certain qualiti agreement relat to contract manufactur servic by and between custom and supplier , date [ ] ; dd ) “ recal ” mean ani action by supplier , custom or ani of their respect affili , to recov possess of the product or finish product contain the product ship to third parti . “ recal ” and “ recal ” shall have compar meanings; ee ) “ right ” shall mean ani and all proprietari , possessori , use and ownership right , titl and interest ( whether benefici or legal ) of all kind whatsoev , howsoev aris , world-wid and whether partial or whole in nature; confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . ff ) “ seizur ” mean ani action by an applic regulatori author in ani jurisdict , to detain or destroy ani product or ani intermedi or finish product contain the product or prevent releas of the product or finish product contain the product . “ seiz ” and “ seiz ” shall have compar meanings; gg ) “ servic ” refer to ani activ undertaken by supplier relat to the product , as referenc in section 6.6 ( servic ) ; hh ) “ supplier technolog ” mean , to the extent such is not custom technolog : [ ] ; ii ) “ term ” mean the initi term and the renew term , if applicable; jj ) “ territori ” mean the unit state of america and it territori and possess and ani other countri in the world ad to the definit of “ territori ” pursuant to section 3.10; kk ) “ third parti ” mean ani parti other than a parti to thi agreement or an affili of a parti to thi agreement; and ll ) “ yield ” mean , with respect to ani batch of product manufactur by supplier under thi agreement , a percentag equal to the amount of custom materi contain in such batch of product deliv and accept by custom under thi agreement divid by the amount of custom materi use in the manufactur process of such batch of product . 1.2 other definit ani word defin elsewher in thi agreement shall have the particular mean assign to the word . 1.3 currenc in thi agreement , all refer to money or payment mean u.s. dollar and all payment made hereund shall be made in that currenc . 1.4 head the head in thi agreement are sole for conveni of refer and shall not be use for purpos of interpret or constru the provis hereof . 1.5 exhibit the exhibit attach hereto shall be deem to form an integr part of thi agreement . in the event of a conflict between the term and condit set out in thi agreement and the term and condit set out in ani exhibit hereto , the term and condit set out in thi agreement shall govern . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 1.6 applic law thi agreement shall be govern by and constru in accord with the substant law of the [ ] , exclud ani rule of conflict of law that would appli the substant law of ani other jurisdict . articl 2 term 2.1 term [ ] thi agreement shall commenc on the effect date and shall be valid until the [ ] ( the “ initi term ” ) . both parti shall use reason dilig effort to come to a subsequ long-term agreement , includ good faith negoti regard minimum volume-bas product commit from custom to supplier , no later than [ ] to replac thi agreement and serv as a long-term suppli agreement between the parti . should the parti have not agre to the follow agreement by [ ] , thi agreement shall automat stay in forc for a maximum of [ ] ( unless otherwis mutual agre by the parti or as otherwis set forth in section 18.1 ( a ) ) or until the parti have sign the follow-on agreement ( the “ renew term ” ) . 2.2 effect of expir on purchas order for the avoid of doubt , ani sign purchas order which ha not been complet at the date of expiri shall continu in effect unless cancel in accord with section 6.4 or articl 18. for further avoid of doubt , the term and condit of thi agreement shall remain applic to ani such sign purchas order which continu in effect . articl 3 suppli of product 3.1 suppli of product a ) dure the term , supplier shall manufactur the product and perform all servic at it facil locat at bubendorf , switzerland and at neuland , switzerland ( such facil , the “ facil ” and each , a “ facil ” ) . supplier will suppli to custom or custom ’ s designe , the product , manufactur in accord with the accept purchas order place by custom , master batch record , the product specif , the qualiti agreement and cgmp requir and , subject to section 3.1 ( b ) , in such quantiti as order by custom in purchas order submit pursuant to section 6.1 and accept pursuant to section 6.2. confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . b ) [ ] c ) [ ] d ) in the event the product manufactur and deliv to custom under a purchas order is less than [ ] of the amount order by custom under such purchas order or if custom otherwis reason request , [ ] . d ) for clariti , noth in thi section 3.1 limit supplier ’ s liabil under thi agreement or under law , includ liabil for neglig , will misconduct and failur to compli with product specifications; [ ] . 3.2 manufactur servic supplier will make avail it labor , equip and facil for the manufactur and character of the product , includ in-process and qualiti control analys , releas test , storag and bulk packag of the product , and ship of the product , in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement . 3.3 suppli of materi and custom materi a ) materi i. supplier shall , at it cost , be respons for the purchas , plan , suppli , control , test , releas and complianc of all materi ( other than custom materi unless expressli otherwis set forth in thi agreement ) requir for the manufactur of the product and perform of servic under accept purchas order . ii . supplier shall ensur that all materi ( other than custom materi unless expressli otherwis set forth in thi agreement ) use in the manufactur of the product and perform of servic shall compli with the specif mutual agre by the parti in write and applic requir of the qualiti agreement . iii . supplier shall test and inspect all materi as set forth in the qualiti agreement and supplier ’ s standard incom inspect and test procedur , which at a minimum will includ appear and ident test . b ) custom materi i. custom or it designe ( for which custom is respons ) shall , at it cost , be respons for the plan , suppli , control , test , releas and complianc of all custom materi suppli to supplier that are requir for the manufactur of the product and perform of servic under accept purchas order . custom shall ensur that all custom materi meet the custom materi specif . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . ii . custom or it designe ( for which custom is respons ) shall , at it cost , be respons for the qualif of supplier of custom materi . iii . custom or it designe ( for which custom is respons ) shall ensur that all custom materi use in the manufactur of the product and perform of servic shall meet applic requir set forth in the qualiti agreement . iv . supplier shall test and inspect all custom materi in accord with the qualiti agreement and supplier ’ s standard incom inspect and test procedur . supplier shall also independ releas custom materi ( but supplier shall not use ani custom materi that have not also been releas by custom ) . v. upon receipt of a purchas order from custom , supplier will inform custom of the latest deliveri date requir for custom materi [ ] . custom will use commerci reason effort to coordin deliveri of custom materi by that date accord to [ ] . vi . if custom is unabl to deliv custom materi by the date requir by supplier , thi will be promptli commun to supplier . supplier will use commerci reason effort to realloc capac and accommod the plan campaign at a later date . [ ] supplier will be releas from it oblig under the relev purchas order and ani associ penalti regard deliveri date for the correspond product . in the event of ani such delay in the deliveri of custom materi to supplier , the parti shall negoti in good faith and agre upon a revis schedul for the suppli of product to custom or it designe , which revis schedul shall be bind on supplier in accord with thi agreement . vii . in the event that custom materi deliv to supplier are found by supplier to be non-conform to the custom materi specif at the time of deliveri of such custom materi to supplier and custom challeng thi find , the parti shall conduct a joint investig . if supplier and custom are unabl to resolv the issu of non-compli then a sampl of the relev custom materi will be submit to an independ laboratori reason accept to both parti for test against the custom materi specif , and determin whether or not the custom materi did not compli with the custom materi specif at the time of deliveri to supplier . the test result of the independ laboratori test shall be final and bind upon custom and supplier , and the fee and expens of such laboratori test and the out-of-pocket cost reason incur by the parti in the joint investig shall be [ ] in such event , except as set forth in section 3.3 ( b ) ( vi ) , supplier shall be releas from it oblig with respect to the relev purchas order and ani associ penalti regard a delay deliveri date for the correspond product under such purchas order . in the event that custom deliv ani such non-conform custom materi , the parti shall negoti in good faith and agre upon a revis schedul for the suppli of product to custom or it designe , which revis schedul shall be bind on supplier in accord with thi agreement . viii . custom will provid supplier with a certif of analysi , a bse/ts statement and a certif of complianc , data on the chemic and physic properti , toxic , and handl , store , and ship inform for ani custom materi ( msd or equival ) and ani other inform that is necessari for the safe handl and transport of custom materi . custom shall updat all of such inform provid to supplier after such updat inform becom avail or known to custom . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . follow receipt of custom materi from custom and until the deliveri of product contain such custom materi , supplier shall bear the risk of ani loss of or damag to such custom materi result from [ ] . supplier shall retain exclus control over custom materi and shall not transfer ani portion of them to ani third parti without the prior written consent of custom . supplier shall identifi custom materi at all time as custom properti and shall segreg same from other substanc except as need for the manufactur of the product and perform of the servic . supplier shall not take ani action inconsist with custom ’ s ownership interest in custom materi , includ but not limit to , supplier shall keep custom materi free and clear of ani lien , encumbr , or secur interest result from the action or omiss of supplier or it affili and , in the event of ani such lien , encumbr , or secur interest , supplier shall promptli remov same at it sole expens . 3.4 product capac supplier agre to provid to custom all such facil and manufactur capac to perform the manufactur process as requir to meet the product requir as describ in the then-curr short term roll forecast ( as defin below ) . supplier agre that it shall provid to custom at least [ ] prior written notic of ani schedul shutdown at ani facil that may impact supplier ’ s abil to manufactur and time deliv the product to custom under thi agreement , [ ] . for the avoid of doubt , supplier confirm that it ha the capac to deliv [ ] , or such adjust amount as mutual agre by the parti . batch size and annual capac could be adjust in the futur by mutual agreement of the parti base on result of ongo scale up work . 3.5 process chang a ) supplier shall not make ani materi chang to the manufactur process , start materi , the master batch record or product specif for the manufactur of the product except in accord with the qualiti agreement . for clariti , format chang in the document relat to the master batch record shall not be deem a “ materi ” chang under thi section 3.5 ( a ) . b ) custom ( or supplier , if chang are necessit by applic law ) may request reason chang to the manufactur process , the master batch record , the product specif , storag , test or analyt method or ani start materi for the manufactur of the product [ ] . the notic of ani confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . such chang by custom shall compli with the cgmp document system and standard oper procedur maintain by supplier at the facil . no materi modif or addit to the machineri , equip and other fix asset use by supplier in the manufactur and suppli of the product to custom shall be requir without the consent of supplier , which consent may be grant or withheld in supplier ’ s sole discret . c ) in the event of a chang to the manufactur process , the master batch record or the product specif , the relev document and relat exhibit to thi agreement will be revis accordingli . d ) all oper master batch record and standard oper procedur util by supplier are in the german languag . ani requir by custom for translat of such record will be bill at cost . 3.6 monitor of facil custom shall have the right to have a repres present at each facil to observ the perform of the manufactur process by supplier dure normal busi hour with at least [ ] advanc notic . supplier shall have the right to reason restrict such observ access to prevent undu interfer with supplier ’ s busi oper or compromis supplier ’ s confidenti oblig to third parties; provid , howev , custom ’ s observ access shall be absolut with regard to the manufactur process for the product . as such it is supplier ’ s oblig to segreg third parti document and materi from custom ’ s document and materi and custom will not be restrict from observ ani part of custom ’ s manufactur process and relat document . 3.7 subcontract supplier shall obtain custom ’ s prior written approv , in accord with the qualiti agreement , to use a subcontractor to perform servic under thi agreement , such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . ani and all such contractor shall perform such servic in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement , and supplier shall remain liabl for the perform of it oblig under thi agreement . supplier may use the third parti supplier set forth in schedul 4 of the qualiti agreement for such specif activ set forth opposit their respect name ( s ) in such schedul . it is herebi agre that custom may author the use of addit third parti supplier under thi agreement in accord with the qualiti agreement . supplier agre to use the third parti supplier identifi , as applic , in schedul 4 of the qualiti agreement as the exclus supplier of start materi for the product manufactur process and ani deviat from said suppli sourc requir the prior written approv of custom , in accord with the qualiti agreement , such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . 3.8 [ ] confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 3.9 [ ] 3.10 territori expans at ani time dure the term , custom may provid written notic to supplier of it intent to expand the territori under thi agreement to includ one or more addit countri or territori . promptli follow such notif , the steer committe ( as defin below ) shall meet to discuss ani expans of supplier ‘ s manufactur capabl necessit by such expans in accord with claus ( b ) of section 7.4 and the parti shall execut an amend that ( a ) amend the definit of “ territori ” under claus jj ) of section 1.1 to includ such addit countri or territori and ( b ) modifi the provis of thi agreement as necessari in order to reflect the regulatori requir of such addit countri or territori . for clariti , neither parti shall be oblig to amend the definit of territori at ani point dure the term . 3.11 suppli to custom license in the event custom deliv a written request to supplier request that supplier engag in negoti with a custom license on the term of a definit agreement pursuant to which supplier would manufactur and suppli product to such custom license or a designe of a custom license , supplier shall use commerci reason good faith effort to negoti and execut such agreement on substanti the same term of thi agreement ( includ price , order , forecast , deliveri , non-conform , failur to suppli , term and termin ) . 3.12 altern suppli at ani time dure the term , custom may elect to qualifi one or more altern manufactur facil ( whether own by a third parti , custom or by one of custom ’ s affili ) to manufactur the product ( each , a “ backup supplier ” ) . custom shall be respons for ani cost associ with qualifi backup supplier . [ ] . supplier shall use commerci reason effort to cooper with the qualif of ani backup supplier , includ ( a ) technolog transfer of all supplier technolog necessari or use for the manufactur of the products; provid that , to the extent that such technolog and know-how constitut confidenti inform of supplier , it shall be subject to the provis of articl 12 and custom ’ s design altern supplier shall be requir to enter into a confidenti agreement with supplier contain substanti the same term as articl 12 and ( b ) provid custom and ani backup supplier with consult servic relat to the manufactur , qualiti control and qualiti assur of the product . ani work relat to technolog transfer or qualif of a second supplier shall be consid as servic under thi agreement as describ in section 6.6. for the avoid of doubt , supplier will first prepar a customari scope of work describ the servic to be perform and the cost to custom for the confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . approv of custom . no servic shall be commenc by supplier unless ( a ) a customari scope of work relat to such servic ha been agre , execut and deliv by both supplier and customer; and ( b ) a purchas order ha been issu by custom and accept by supplier relat to such servic , which purchas order refer the specif scope of work and thi agreement . in case of disagr on the scope of work , the parti will enter into good faith negoti to reach a mutual satisfactori resolut . articl 4 forecast 4.1 short term roll forecast commenc on the effect date , custom shall provid to supplier on a calendar quarterli basi on or befor the last busi day of each calendar quarter dure the term , a short term roll forecast for the [ ] period commenc on the first day of the follow calendar month ( each , a “ short term roll forecast ” ) . each short term roll forecast shall set out custom ’ s reason and genuin estim of the quantiti of the product to be order by custom and to be deliv by supplier under thi agreement for the follow [ ] . ( a ) : in case of an order volum equal or less than [ ] : the first [ ] of each short term roll forecast shall be bind firm purchas order by custom ( each a “ purchas order ” ) and the last [ ] of each short term roll forecast shall be non-bind , good faith estim . custom shall provid supplier with one or more purchas order ( s ) for product consist with the first [ ] bind portion of each short term roll forecast , at least [ ] in advanc of the schedul deliveri date provid in such purchas order ( s ) . ( b ) : in case of order volum larger than [ ] : the first [ ] of each short term roll forecast shall be bind firm purchas order by custom ( each a “ purchas order ” ) and the last [ ] of each short term roll forecast shall be non-bind , good faith estim . custom shall provid supplier with one or more purchas order ( s ) for product consist with the first [ ] bind portion of each short term roll forecast , at least [ ] in advanc of the schedul deliveri date provid in such purchas order ( s ) . 4.2 long term forecast within [ ] after the effect date , custom shall provid to supplier a long term forecast of the estim quantiti of the product requir by custom from supplier dure the follow [ ] ( the “ long term forecast ” ) . custom shall dure the term provid to supplier togeth with the short term roll forecast , on a calendar quarter basi , updat of such long term forecast for the follow [ ] ( or the balanc of the term , if shorter ) . for the avoid of doubt , the first [ ] of each long term forecast shall constitut the short term roll forecast of which the first [ ] , or the first [ ] , as the case may be due to the order volum , shall be bind and the remaind of the short term roll forecast and long term forecast shall be non-bind . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl 5 test and sampl 5.1 releas test a ) supplier shall perform releas test of all batch of product prior to deliveri to custom in accord with the product specif and the master batch record , to determin whether such batch of product meet the requir set out in the product specif . custom shall be respons for the final releas of product prior to ship and further process . b ) supplier shall ensur that : ( i ) it qualiti assur depart approv each batch of product for releas promptli follow success complet of releas test done by it qualiti control depart ( in thi section “ promptli ” mean [ ] ) ; and ( ii ) it qualiti assur depart doe not releas ani batch of product that doe not meet the requir set out in the product specif without prior written consent of custom . c ) supplier shall prepar a certif of analysi and certif of conform , set out the result of the releas test and which shall be includ with each batch of product ship to custom . d ) custom shall have the right to overse the activ set forth in thi section 5.1 in accord with the qualiti agreement . 5.2 addit releas test custom reserv the right to conduct , in it sole discret and at it expens , addit analyt test on the product . 5.3 retent sampl supplier shall retain and store in accord with cgmp requir , applic law and supplier ’ s intern qualiti standard oper procedur , retent sampl of each batch of product manufactur under thi agreement . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 5.4 stabil test if request by custom , supplier shall be respons for perform annual stabil test of the product and shall ensur that all such test is perform in complianc with the applic ich regul ( e.g . follow-up stabil studi of commerci use product ) . cost associ with annual stabil test will be quot separ from commerci unit price under a separ scope of work or purchas order . 5.5 refer standard if request by custom , supplier shall be respons for qualif and requalif of refer standard . cost associ with qualif and requalif of refer standard will be quot separ from commerci unit price under a separ scope of work or purchas order . 5.6 prepar of process qualif all cost associ with the prepar of process qualif ( as but not limit to analyt method valid , process optim , par studi , prepar of qualiti risk assess , prepar of valid protocol and report per stage , prepar of valid master protocol and report , prepar of process perform assess ) will be handl separ from the commerci unit price under separ scope of work or purchas order . until otherwis agre , all price for process qualif servic to be similar to current framework between supplier and custom . articl 6 purchas order 6.1 placement of purchas order consist with the short term roll forecast as set forth in section 4.1 , custom shall place with supplier purchas order , state custom ’ s requir deliveri data , anticip deliveri schedul and the anticip fee , in accord with the fee schedul set out in exhibit c , for each deliveri of product to be made under thi agreement . purchas order must have at least [ ] of lead time befor anticip deliveri to allow suffici time for supplier ’ s plan , raw materi purchas , product and releas . each purchas order shall constitut a firm , bind order , upon supplier ’ s accept thereof in accord with section 6.2 . 6.2 accept of order supplier may reject ani purchas order place by custom that is not place in accord with thi agreement by give written notic ( e-mail shall constitut written notic ) to custom within a reason time , not to exceed [ ] after receipt of each purchas order , set out the reason for such reject . in the event supplier doe not respond within [ ] , such purchas order shall be consid accept by confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . supplier . in the event the order amount of product under the purchas order differ more than [ ] from the firm portion of the most recent short term roll forecast or more than [ ] from the firm portion of the most recent short term roll forecast , supplier shall [ ] . in the event the term and condit of thi agreement conflict with the term and condit of the purchas order , the term and condit of thi agreement shall take preced unless otherwis agre upon by the parti . 6.3 delay if , after accept of a purchas order , supplier is unabl for ani reason to suppli quantiti of the product in accord with the purchas order place by custom under section 6.1 on the timelin set forth therein , supplier shall inform custom within [ ] of becom awar of it inabl to suppli the product of the expect durat of such inabl and shall keep custom inform on a time basi of develop dure ani such period of time . the parti shall cooper to expedit the schedul of the resumpt of manufactur of the product by supplier when ani such inabl ha been allevi . in the event of ani delay in deliveri of product from the deliveri date on the applic purchas order for such product , if such delay is : [ ] . 6.4 cancel of purchas order in the event that custom cancel all or part of a purchas order alreadi accept by supplier , supplier will use best effort to realloc capac and mitig ani result cost of such cancel . except as expressli set forth in section 3.4 , section 6.2 , section 6.3 and section 6.5 , the follow will be charg to custom : [ ] 6.5 materi failur of suppli if supplier , for ani reason , fail to suppli at least [ ] of the unit of product order by custom pursuant to valid purchas order dure ani period of [ ] or longer begin on the request deliveri date , in addit to and without limit ani other remedi avail to custom , [ ] . 6.6 servic from time-to-tim dure the term , custom may request that supplier perform servic for custom relat to the product , for which custom shall pay reason compens to supplier . in the event that supplier is will to perform ani such servic request by custom , supplier will first prepar a scope of work describ the servic to be perform and the cost to custom for the approv of custom ( each confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . a “ scope of work ” ) . no servic shall be commenc by supplier unless ( a ) a scope of work relat to such servic ha been agre , execut and deliv by both supplier and customer; and ( b ) a purchas order ha been issu by custom and accept by supplier relat to such servic which purchas order refer the specif scope of work and thi agreement . custom shall have the right to termin ani scope of work and correspond purchas order for servic at ani time on reason advanc written notic to supplier ( without termin thi agreement ) , in which case custom shall be respons for : [ ] articl 7 shipment of product 7.1 storag of product supplier shall ensur that all product held in storag is store in accord with the product specif until ship to custom under thi agreement and that all storag area meet cgmp requir . [ ] should ani product , dure storag , chang chemic composit , then supplier and custom will agre upon a plan for disposit of the product , includ possibl dispos , rework or use the product “ as is. ” for clariti , supplier shall not commenc ani action set forth in the preced sentenc until such a plan ha been agre by custom . the cost of rework the product shall be born by [ ] . the cost of storag , monitor ( includ ani on-go analyt analysi ) , and insur befor shipment shall be born by [ ] . 7.2 releas and shipment of product a ) supplier shall notifi custom by facsimil or electron transmiss of each batch of product manufactur by it under thi agreement in accord with thi articl 7 as soon as reason possibl , and no later than [ ] , after supplier ’ s qualiti assur depart approv the batch for releas follow success complet of the releas test procedur . b ) supplier shall pack and label ship box and ship all order of product in a prompt and time manner and in accord with intern transport guidelin and regul , the product specif , and custom ’ s reason written instruct includ , as applic , for such shipment and the term of thi agreement . c ) supplier shall not sell or otherwis dispos of ani product except in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement . d ) the product will be ship [ ] . all freight , applic tax ( exclud ani and all incom tax , employ tax and the like incur by supplier ) , duti , express and deliveri charg shall be for confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . custom ’ s account and shall not be subject to discount . deliveri shall be deem complet and risk of loss or damag of the product shall pass to custom upon [ ] . titl to the product shall pass to custom upon [ ] . 7.3 document supplier shall includ with each shipment of product ship to custom under section 7.2 : a ) commerci appropri documentation; b ) a certif of analysi and certif of complianc in english for each batch of product includ in the shipment , in the form set out in exhibit d; and c ) a copi of ani deviat or investig report concern each batch of product ship ( to be sent separ from shipment as part of the batch record document ) . 7.4 steer committe the parti agre to form a steer committe ( the “ steer committe ” ) to overse their interact under thi agreement as provid herein . each parti shall name a mutual agre upon equal number of repres to the steer committe , which shall meet either in person or remot ( as mutual agre ) at least [ ] , or as otherwis mutual agre by the parti . the primari function of the steer committe is to ensur the ongo commun between the parti and discuss and resolv ani issu aris under thi agreement . the steer committe shall in particular have respons for the follow : ( a ) review key metric for the product ’ s product and qualiti , and review and monitor ani requir remedi with respect to product and qualiti for the product; ( b ) review supplier ’ s capac and short-term and long-term plan for clinic and commerci suppli of the product , includ anticip ani capac shortfal and discuss the cost alloc of invest requir to increas capac or improv efficiencies; ( c ) [ ] ; ( d ) review and discuss draft scope of work; ( e ) discuss the cost alloc , if ani , of extraordinari cost incur by supplier in connect with the manufactur of product or provis of services; and ( f ) establish resourc prioriti and resolv resourc conflict . articl 8 accept of shipment 8.1 accept of shipment custom or it designe shall , within a period of [ ] after the date of physic receipt of ani shipment of product from supplier , inspect the product for ani shortag or ani defect or deviat of the product confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . specif ( hereinaft “ out of specif ” ) that would be appar from visual inspect of the product . in the event that custom is of the opinion that the product is out of specif at the time of deliveri , custom shall , within [ ] after the date of physic receipt of product , provid supplier with a written notic to reject the product ( a “ notic of reject ” ) , which shall includ a descript of the ground for reject and copi of test report and test methodolog conduct on the product , if ani . howev , with respect to ani out of specif product which would not be appar from a reason visual inspect on deliveri , includ in the case of ani hidden defect , such notic of reject shall be provid to supplier not later than [ ] . the failur of custom or it designe to notifi supplier of ani out of specif product in the manner set forth herein abov shall constitut confirm of the accept thereof . 8.2 disput of reject product supplier may , at it option , within [ ] of receipt of ani notic of reject under section 8.1 , challeng the notic of reject by deliv written notic thereof to custom . in the event that supplier challeng the notic of reject , custom and supplier shall conduct a joint investig . if supplier and custom are unabl to resolv the issu of non-compli then a sampl of the product will be submit to an independ laboratori reason accept to both parti for test against the product specif , and determin whether or not the non-compli may be caus by a fault on the part of supplier . the test result of the independ laboratori test shall be final and bind upon custom and supplier , and the fee and expens of such laboratori test shall be born entir by the parti against whom such laboratori ’ s find are made . 8.3 remedi a ) except as set forth in thi agreement , in the event of a product shortag [ ] . b ) in the event that custom issu a time notic of reject in respect to ani out of specif product : [ ] the parti in possess of ani reject product which doe not compli with the product specif or cgmp requir shall destroy , in accord with all applic law and in a manner to which custom ha given it prior written approv , all reject product in it possess , but onli after the parti have follow the procedur specifi under section 8.2 and 8.3. no reject product shall be sold , reprocess , salvag , reclaim or otherwis reus in ani manner by supplier or custom without the prior written agreement of the parti with the except of use test and analysi by supplier and/or custom in the investig the caus of product reject . repres of the parti not perform the destruct shall be permit to wit the destruct of the reject product under thi section . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl 9 fee 9.1 fee a ) custom shall pay to supplier , in respect of each purchas order place by custom , the applic fee for the suppli of the product in bulk quantiti under thi agreement , in accord with the term of thi agreement . b ) except as otherwis expressli provid in thi agreement , the fee specifi in each purchas order accept by supplier shall be full compens for all manufactur and character activ and materi in respect thereof . custom shall make all request for process chang to be perform under thi agreement in write under section 3.5 and supplier shall provid custom a cost estim for such work . 9.2 adjust to fee dure the term of thi agreement , either parti may request an increas or decreas of the fee specifi in exhibit c no more than [ ] and such chang in fee shall take effect on [ ] for which such fee chang is request . such chang in fee may be request due to ani of the follow event : [ ] or ( iii ) ani other cost adjust mutual agre to by the parti via the steer committe . supplier will make avail to custom record that substanti ani adjust to fee for a product propos by supplier and supplier will provid custom with ani custom record that provid evid for a decreas in fee pursuant to claus ( i ) ; such record to be consid supplier ‘ s confidenti inform hereund . the parti propos an adjust in the fee will notifi the other parti of the adjust by deliv to the other parti at least [ ] prior to the effect date of the fee adjust , written notic of the propos adjust . said written notic shall specifi the effect date as [ ] in which the fee adjust becom effect and the amount for the adjust fee . on receipt of such request , the parti shall seek in good faith to agre to an adjust of the fee , base on such reason and object evid . each parti shall use it commerci reason effort to mitig ani cost increas . the fee for ani product order by custom prior to the effect date of the fee adjust shall be the fee exist on the date custom place the purchas order , as set out in the purchas order . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 9.3 tax the fee shall be exclus of ani tax , custom duti , levi and other charg applic to the suppli of the product under thi agreement ( “ tax ” ) . custom shall pay ani tax and reimburs supplier for ani tax for which custom is respons but which have been paid by supplier . subject to complianc with law , the parti shall reason cooper to elimin or minim the amount of ani such tax impos on the transact contempl in thi agreement . for clariti , custom shall not be liabl for ani tax incur by the supplier includ , without limit , incom tax , employ tax , use tax , and the like incur by supplier , or for ani penalti or interest relat to the failur of supplier to collect sale , use , vat or similar tax . articl 10 invoic and payment 10.1 issuanc of invoic supplier shall , in accord with section 10.2 , invoic custom for each purchas order accept under section 6.2 as follow : 10.2 invoic content all invoic issu by supplier under section 10.1 shall show : a ) the actual quantiti of product shipped; b ) the lot number of each batch of product shipped; c ) the fee for the quantiti of product ship , base on the fee for the product set out in the applic purchas order; and d ) the purchas order number place by custom for the product ship . if custom disput for ani reason with the amount of ani invoic submit by supplier , custom shall notifi supplier of such disput within [ ] after the date of the invoic , and the parti shall promptli attempt to resolv the disput . if custom doe not notifi supplier of ani such disput within such [ ] period , such invoic will be final and bind on custom and supplier , subject to the correct of mathemat error . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 10.3 delay of shipment if custom delay shipment of product releas by supplier in accord with section 7.2 , supplier may issu it invoic under section 10.1 on or after the releas , with refer to the product releas under section 10.2 . 10.4 payment of invoic each invoic provid by supplier to custom under section 10.1 , to the extent accur , shall be paid by custom to supplier within [ ] after the date of the invoic to the extent that custom doe not reason disput that portion of the invoic in good faith . all payment will be made in u.s. dollar by swift bank transfer directli to the supplier account as specifi in the respect purchas order . articl 11 intellectu properti 11.1 titl a ) the parti agre that , as between custom and supplier , each parti own it respect confidenti inform , custom own all right in and to the custom technolog , the product ( s ) and it chemic synthesi and supplier own all right in and to supplier technolog . b ) supplier shall not knowingli use in the manufactur process ani intellectu properti protect by ani patent or patent applic licens to supplier by ani third parti , except with the prior written consent of custom . 11.2 no grant of right except as otherwis provid herein , neither parti hereto shall be deem by thi agreement to have been grant ani right of the other parti . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . where two page of materi have been omit , the redact materi is mark with [ † ] . 11.3 grant of licens by custom dure the term , custom herebi grant to supplier a paid-up , royalty-fre , non-exclus licens , without the right to sublicens , to custom ’ s confidenti inform and the custom technolog reason necessari to manufactur and suppli to custom the product hereund , but onli for such purpos . the parti agre that the licens grant contain in thi section 11.3 is person to supplier onli and shall be exercis by supplier onli , and supplier agre to make use of custom ’ s confidenti inform and the custom technolog onli in accord with thi licens and not to disclos ani such confidenti inform or custom technolog to ani third parti , except that noth herein shall prevent supplier from disclos to it permit subcontractor under confidenti oblig at least as strict as those that bind supplier under thi agreement , as necessari to perform supplier ’ s oblig hereund . 11.4 ownership of invent with respect to ani idea , innov , improv or invent ( whether patent or non-patent ) develop by supplier dure the term of thi agreement and [ ] , the parti agre that , as between custom and supplier , custom shall own all right to such invent and may obtain patent , copyright , and other proprietari protect respect such invent . supplier agre to promptli disclos ani invent to custom . supplier agre to assign ( and caus it employe or permit subcontractor to assign ) , and doe herebi assign , ani and all right , titl and interest of supplier in , to or under ani invent to custom . [ ] 11.5 patent to invent with respect to all intellectu properti creat or develop under thi agreement , [ ] . 11.6 no use of trademark noth contain herein shall give either parti ani right to use ani trademark of the other parti . all trademark and servic mark adopt by custom to identifi the product or a custom product are and shall remain the properti of custom . 11.7 [ † ] confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl 12 confidenti & public 12.1 oblig of confidenti it is contempl that in the cours of the perform of thi agreement each parti may , from time to time , disclos confidenti inform to the other . each parti agre : a ) to keep and use in strict confid all confidenti inform of the other parti that each parti acquir , see , or is inform of , as a direct or indirect consequ of thi agreement and to not , without the prior written consent of the other parti , disclos ani such confidenti inform or recollect thereof to ani person or entiti other than it corpor counsel , employe and contractor who are under an oblig of confidenti on term substanti similar to those set out in thi agreement , who have been inform of the confidenti natur of the confidenti inform and who reason requir such inform in the perform of their duti under thi agreement; b ) not to use , copi , duplic , reproduc , translat or adapt , either directli or indirectli , ani of the confidenti inform of the other parti or ani recollect thereof for ani purpos other than the perform of the servic and the manufactur and character of the product under thi agreement , without the other parti ’ s prior written approval; c ) that all copi , duplic , reproduct , translat or adapt of ani confidenti inform of the other parti permit to be made hereund shall be clearli label as confidential; and d ) to take all reason step to prevent materi in it possess that contain or refer to confidenti inform of the other parti from be discov , use or copi by third parti and to use reason step to protect and safeguard all confidenti inform of the other parti in it possess from all loss , theft or destruct . upon the termin of thi agreement , each parti shall promptli destroy or return all confidenti inform to the disclos parti in accord with section 18.4 . 12.2 disclosur with consent a parti receiv confidenti inform may , with the written consent of the disclos parti , disclos such confidenti inform to entiti or person other than it corpor counsel , employe and contractor , on such term and condit as the disclos parti may specifi . 12.3 public dure the term , the parti agre that no press releas , public announc or public regard thi agreement or the relationship of the parti ( except to the extent that it may be legal requir ) , shall be made unless mutual agre to in write prior to the releas or dissemin of ani such press releas , public announc or public . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 12.4 disclosur requir by law no provis of thi agreement shall be constru so as to preclud such disclosur of confidenti inform of the other parti as may be inher in or reason necessari to the secur from ani government agenc of ani necessari regulatori approv or licens . to the extent requir by legal process , subpoena , warrant , or court order , either parti may disclos confidenti inform onli to the extent requir to compli with said legal proceed , provid that the parti oblig to make such disclosur shall , when law permiss , provid reason prior notic the other parti so as to allow the other parti to take step to oppos or limit the requir disclosur . 12.5 employe confidenti and invent assign . ( a ) supplier acknowledg and agre that , with respect to ani past or current employe , staff , contractor , subcontractor or other agent of supplier or it affili who ha conduct servic or activ relat to the develop , manufactur or suppli of product for or to custom ( collect , the “ supplier employe ” ) , supplier or it affili ha enter into a bind written arrang ( s ) with each such supplier employe that requir : ( i ) that such supplier employe will , at a minimum , keep the confidenti inform of custom confidenti and onli use such confidenti inform to conduct permit activ for custom under supplier ’ s employment; and ( ii ) that such supplier employe assign to supplier all of it right , titl and interest in and to ani invent ( includ , without limit , know-how , improv , idea , inform , materi and process ) and all intellectu properti right therein that such supplier employe , alon or jointli with other , conceiv , develop or reduc to practic dure their period of employ or work with supplier or it affili . ( b ) supplier further coven and agre that , ( i ) with respect to ani futur supplier employe , supplier or it affili shall enter into a bind written arrang with such supplier employe as set forth in section 12.5 ( a ) and ( ii ) with respect to ani bind written arrang refer to in thi section 12.5 ( b ) or section 12.5 ( a ) , supplier shall enforc , to the fullest extent permit under applic law , the term and provis of such arrang . 12.6 durat of oblig unless otherwis agre by the parti in write , the oblig of the parti relat to confidenti inform set out in thi articl 12 shall surviv the termin of thi agreement for a period of [ ] . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl 13 represent , warranti and coven 13.1 supplier ’ s represent , warranti and coven supplier herebi repres , warrant and coven to custom as follow : a ) supplier ha been duli organ and is validli subsist and in good stand in it jurisdict of organ and ha the power to carri on the busi as now be conduct by it; b ) the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement by supplier have been duli author by all requisit corpor action and do not requir ani sharehold action or approval; c ) supplier ha the right and author to enter into thi agreement and perform it oblig hereund , and thi agreement is a legal and valid oblig bind upon supplier and enforc in accord with it terms; d ) supplier ha not made and will not make ani commit to third parti inconsist with or in derog of supplier ’ s oblig under thi agreement and supplier is to it knowledg not subject to ani oblig that would prevent it from enter into or carri out it oblig under thi agreement , and supplier ’ s complianc with the term and provis hereof doe not and will not conflict with or result in a breach of ani of the term and provis of or constitut a default under ( i ) a loan agreement , guaranti , financ agreement , agreement affect a product or other agreement or instrument bind or affect it or it property; ( ii ) the provis of it charter or oper document or by-laws; or ( iii ) ani order , writ , injunct or decre of ani court or government author enter against it or by which ani of it properti is bound; e ) supplier shall compli with all applic law relat to it activ under thi agreement; f ) all product deliv to custom under thi agreement will have been manufactur , store and ship in a compet fashion in accord with the master batch record , the product specif , thi agreement , the qualiti agreement , applic law and cgmp requir by qualifi personnel and , to supplier ’ s knowledg , will be free from defects; g ) the facil , includ equip , system , util and servic , compli with cgmp requir for the manufactur of the product under thi agreement; h ) the facil and supplier ’ s procedur and process in the facil are in complianc with applic law , includ applic environment , health and safeti requir , for the manufactur of the product under thi agreement; i ) supplier doe not , at ani time from and after the effect date , retain or use the servic of ( i ) ani person debar under 21 u.s.c . § 335a or ( ii ) ani person who ha been convict of a crime as defin under the fd & c act , in each case in ani capac associ with or relat to the manufactur or suppli of product or ani servic render to custom under thi agreement or the qualiti agreement; j ) all product suppli by supplier under thi agreement shall be deliv by it free and clear of ani secur interest , lien , claim , pledg or encumbr of ani kind or natur except for such as are creat by customer; and k ) all record and report requir to be maintain by supplier under cgmp requir shall be accur and complet in all materi respect . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . in no event shall custom seek to recov a refund for , or replac to , an out of specif product due to supplier ’ s breach of section 13.1 ( f ) , ( g ) or ( h ) except pursuant to articl 8 . 13.2 custom ’ s represent , warranti and coven custom herebi repres , warrant and coven to supplier as follow : a ) custom ha been duli organ and is validli subsist and in good stand in it jurisdict of organ and ha the power to carri on the busi as now be conduct by it; b ) the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement by custom have been duli author by all requisit corpor action and do not requir ani sharehold action or approval; c ) custom ha the right and author to enter into thi agreement and perform it oblig hereund , and thi agreement is a legal and valid oblig bind upon custom and enforc in accord with it terms; d ) custom ha not made and will not make ani commit to third parti inconsist with or in derog of custom ’ s oblig under thi agreement and custom is not subject to ani oblig that would prevent it from enter into or carri out it oblig under thi agreement , and custom ’ s complianc with the term and provis hereof doe not and will not conflict with or result in a breach of ani of the term and provis of or constitut a default under ( i ) a loan agreement , guaranti , financ agreement , agreement affect a product or other agreement or instrument bind or affect it or it property; ( ii ) the provis of it charter or oper document or by-laws; or ( iii ) ani order , writ , injunct or decre of ani court or government author enter against it or by which ani of it properti is bound; e ) custom shall compli with all applic law relat to it activ under thi agreement; and f ) to custom ’ s knowledg , [ ] . 13.3 no other warranti the warranti set out in section 13.1 and 13.2 are the sole warranti made by either parti to the other and to the extent permit by applic law , the parti herebi disclaim ani and all other warranti , represent or guarante of ani kind whatsoev , either express or impli , regard the product or ani other materi or servic to be suppli under thi agreement , includ , but not limit to ani express or impli warranti of merchant or fit for a particular purpos . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 13.4 no consequenti damag and limit of liabil a ) [ ] , in no event shall either parti be liabl for ani special , consequenti , punit , incident or indirect damag , or lost profit , howev caus , on ani theori of liabil . thi limit will appli even if the other parti ha been advis of the possibl of such damag . b ) except as set forth below in thi section 13.4 ( b ) , in no event will supplier ’ s liabil , [ ] , be greater than , per claim or seri of claim aris from the same caus of action , [ ] . except as set forth below in thi section 13.4 ( b ) , [ ] , as applic , in no event shall a parti ’ s liabil , howev caus and on ani theori of liabil , be greater than , per claim or seri of claim aris from the same caus of action , [ ] . except as set forth below in thi section 13.4 ( b ) , with respect [ ] , in no event shall a parti ’ s liabil be greater than , per claim or seri of claim aris from the same caus of action , [ ] . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 13.4 ( b ) , with respect to [ ] in no event shall supplier ’ s liabil , howev caus and on ani theori of liabil , be greater than , per claim or seri of claim aris from the same caus of action , [ ] . [ ] articl 14 indemnif 14.1 indemnif of supplier custom shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless supplier and it offic , director , agent , servant and employe against ani and all action , claim , demand , proceed , suit , loss , damag , cost and expens ( includ reason legal fee ) of third parti ( in thi articl 14 , “ claim ” ) ( includ claim for person injuri or death ) to the extent such claim result from or aris out of ( a ) ani product liabil claim directli relat to custom ’ s commerci use , sale or distribut of product or ( b ) custom ’ s [ ] act or omiss or [ ] , except , in each case of claus ( a ) and ( b ) , to the extent supplier ha an oblig to indemnifi custom pursuant to section 14.2 or 14.3 . 14.2 indemnif of custom supplier shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless custom and it affili and custom license , and their respect offic , director , agent , servant , employe and consult against ani and all claim ( includ claim for person injuri or death ) to the extent such claim result from or aris out of ( a ) ani [ ] act or omiss or [ ] by supplier or it offic , director , agent , servant , confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . employe or contractor ( collect , the “ supplier repres ” ) [ ] or ( b ) ani [ ] or omiss or [ ] by supplier or the supplier repres , except , in each case of claus ( a ) and ( b ) , to the extent custom ha an oblig to indemnifi supplier pursuant to section 14.1 or 14.3 . 14.3 intellectu properti indemn custom ( an “ indemnifi ” ) shall indemnifi , defend and hold harmless supplier and the supplier repres ( each , an “ indemnifi parti ” ) from ani and all claim of ani third parti that ani intellectu properti ( includ , without limit , custom materi , product inform , product specif , custom technolog or tuft technolog ) , provid by custom to supplier hereund , infring a third parti ’ s intellectu properti right or otherwis violat a third parti ’ s right . supplier ( an “ indemnifi ” ) indemnifi custom and it affili and custom license , and their respect offic , director , agent , servant , employe and consult ( each , an “ indemnifi parti ” ) from ani and all claim of ani third parti that the intellectu properti ( other than the intellectu properti custom ha provid to supplier under thi agreement ) that supplier elect to use in conduct the activ set out in thi agreement , infring such third parti ’ s intellectu properti right or otherwis violat a third parti ’ s right . the indemnifi ’ s oblig to indemnifi the indemnifi parti shall appli onli upon the follow term and condit : a ) the oblig shall onli pertain to the intellectu properti the indemnifi , it affili , offic , director , agent , servant , employe or consult elect to use in conduct the activ set out in thi agreement , and not to ani improv or addit made by anyon other than the indemnifi , whether with or without permission; and b ) [ ] 14.4 indemnif procedur the indemn contain in thi articl 14 shall be condit on complianc with the term and condit set out in thi section 14.4. the indemnifi parti shall have the option to defend , contest , or otherwis protect against ani such claim at it own cost and expens provid that the parti seek indemnif ( the “ indemnite ” ) regard ani such claim give written notic to the indemnifi parti promptli after receiv notic of said claim . if the indemnifi parti choos to defend claim , the indemnite may , but will not be oblig to , particip at it own expens in a defens thereof by counsel of it own choos , but the indemnifi parti shall be entitl to control the defens unless the indemnite ha reliev the indemnifi parti from liabil with respect to the particular matter . if the indemnifi parti fail to time defend , contest , or otherwis protect against ani such claim , the indemnite may defend , contest , or otherwis protect against the same , and make ani reason compromis or settlement thereof and recov the entir cost thereof from the indemnifi parti , includ reason legal fee and cost and disburs , and all amount paid as a result of such confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . claim or the compromis or settlement thereof; provid , howev , that if the indemnifi parti undertak the time defens of such matter , the indemnite shall not be entitl to recov from the indemnifi parti for it cost incur in the defens thereof . the indemnite shall cooper and provid such assist as the indemnifi parti may reason request in connect with the defens of the matter subject to indemnif . articl 15 insur 15.1 insur coverag custom and supplier each repres that they are suffici insur against ani liabil aris under thi agreement . further , supplier shall at a minimum retain [ ] . 15.2 evid of insur each of custom and supplier shall , upon request by the other , provid the other parti with a copi of all insur polici maintain under thi articl 15 relat to the manufactur of the product in bulk quantiti and the facil therefor and shall notifi the other parti in write at least 30 day prior to the cancel of or ani materi chang to such insur polici . each parti may request that the other parti procur and maintain such addit insur coverag relat to the manufactur of the product and the facil therefor as may be reason necessari in respect of the parti ’ respect oblig under thi agreement . articl 16 legal and regulatori 16.1 complianc with law a ) each parti shall , in connect with it oblig , right and duti under thi agreement and in manufactur , handl , storag , load , ship , use , commerci , resel and distribut the product : ( i ) compli with all applic law or other requir applic to such parti ’ s business; and ( ii ) subject to subsect b ) below , obtain and maintain in full forc and effect all applic licens , permit , certif , author or approv from local government author necessari to conduct it busi and the activ contempl under thi agreement . such licenc or certif are to be provid to the other parti on request . b ) custom shall be respons for obtain all necessari import and/or export licens or permit and for the payment of all import and/or export fee , tax or duti in connect with the purchas and/or deliveri of the product under thi agreement . supplier shall reason cooper with custom in connect with obtain necessari import and/or export licens or permit . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 16.2 mainten of record supplier shall maintain adequ book and record and retent sampl consist with cgmp requir and ani other applic law and requir of applic government or regulatori author , in respect of test record , sampl and associ support data for all batch of product manufactur by supplier suffici to substanti and verifi supplier ’ s duti and oblig under thi agreement for [ ] from the expir date of the respect product batch . 16.3 notic of report supplier shall provid to custom within [ ] of receipt by supplier copi of all product-specif portion of ani report of ani government or regulatori author includ , without limit , ani facility-specif report sole to the extent applic to the product or manufactur process , fda form 483 observ , fda warn letter or other correspond from the fda or equival correspond from anoth applic regulatori authority; provid that supplier may redact ani inform from such report subject to confidenti oblig and not relat to the product . 16.4 drug master file supplier will routin updat and keep current all inform pertin to maintain the drug master file relat to the manufactur of the product at the product site of supplier . supplier will fulli support and reason assist custom with it file of ani applic with respect to the product with ani applic regulatori author at custom ’ s expens . 16.5 complianc with regulatori standard supplier shall be respons for manufactur the product in complianc with applic law , cgmp requir and the standard of ani other applic government or regulatori author . each parti will provid reason assist to the other , at no charg , if necessari to respond to audit , inspect , inquiri , or request of ani applic regulatori author . supplier shall advis custom immedi if supplier receiv notic of an impend inspect relat to a product or if an author agent of ani applic regulatori author or other government agenc provid advanc notic of ani investig , inspect or visit to a facil . in such event , supplier shall permit , to the extent permit by applic law , custom or it repres to be present dure such visit , at custom ’ s expens . upon custom ’ s request , supplier shall provid custom with a copi of ani report issu by such regulatori author follow such visit . 16.6 inspect supplier shall allow monitor of the facil as set forth in section 3.6 and inspect or audit as provid for in the qualiti agreement . supplier shall make avail to custom all relev record and report and custom shall have the right to copi all product relat record and report . the frequenc of such audit as well as the respons time with respect to audit find shall be govern by the qualiti agreement . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl 17 recal 17.1 safeti supplier shall provid custom with reason co-oper to help custom investig advers event or product complaint involv or relat to the product . the cost and expens of ani test undertaken by supplier at custom ’ s request shall be born by [ ] . 17.2 recal if either parti ha ground to recommend a recal or otherwis receiv a notif or inform which might result in a recal , the parti recommend such recal or receiv such notif or inform shall immedi notifi the other parti in write . subject to applic law , custom and it designe shall have the sole respons to implement ani recal of the product or ani intermedi or finish product contain the product and the sole right to make all final decis regard ani such recal . supplier shall reason cooper with custom and it designe in implement ani such recal , at custom ’ s expens . 17.3 supplier ’ s liabil for recal in the event of a recal or seizur aris from [ ] , supplier shall be liabl for the expens and out-of-pocket cost actual incur by custom as a result of such recal or seizur , and supplier shall , at the option of custom : [ ] . such liabil shall not limit or otherwis be exclus of ani other provis of thi agreement . 17.4 custom ’ s liabil for recal in the event of a recal or seizur aris from [ ] custom shall [ ] . such liabil shall not be exclus of ani other provis of thi agreement . 17.5 replac shipment in the event of ani recal or seizur with respect to the product dure the term of thi agreement , supplier shall , upon the written request of custom , as soon as reason possibl , suppli replac product to custom in an amount suffici to replac the amount of product recal or seiz , at the applic then current fee for product under thi agreement . if custom make such written request , custom shall issu a purchas order in thi regard which supplier is oblig to accept . supplier agre to use commerci reason effort to suppli such replac product pursuant to the new purchas order as soon as possibl . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . articl 18 termin 18.1 termin thi agreement is effect as of the effect date and will expir in accord with section 2.1 , unless , upon the occurr of ani of the follow event , thi agreement is earlier termin in accord with thi section 18.1 : a ) custom deliv written notic of termin to supplier at least [ ] prior to the expir date of the initi term , which termin shall be effect as of the expir date of the initi term; b ) either parti deliv written notic of termin to the other parti at least [ ] prior to the expir date of the renew term , which termin shall be effect as of the expir date of the renew term; c ) a parti make a gener assign for the benefit of creditor , a court of compet jurisdict declar a parti insolv or bankrupt , or a petit in bankruptci or under ani insolv law is file by or against a parti and such petit is not dismiss within [ ] after it ha been file , and the other parti deliv written notic of termin to such parti , which termin shall be effect immedi upon deliveri of such written notice; d ) a parti breach a materi provis of thi agreement , and the other parti deliv written notic of termin to such breach parti : ( i ) if the breach is not cure within [ ] after written notic thereof to the parti in default; or ( ii ) if the breach is of a type that can not be cure within [ ] , if a cure is not promptli commenc and dilig pursu until complet remedi but in ani case after [ ] unless otherwis agre in write between the parties; e ) ani government law , regul or order is adopt and made effect which would make perform of a parti ’ s oblig under thi agreement imposs or commerci impractic , and such parti deliv written notic of termin to the other parti , which termin shall be effect immedi upon deliveri of such written notice; or f ) a parti ha the right to termin under section 14.3 , which termin shall be effect [ ] after deliveri of written notic to the non- termin parti . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 18.2 consequ of termin on expir or the effect date of termin of thi agreement , if earlier : a ) both parti shall be releas from all oblig and duti impos or assum hereund , except oblig and liabil previous accru and as expressli provid by thi agreement , includ , without limit , those provis which expressli surviv termin or expir of thi agreement; b ) all right grant by custom to supplier under section 11.3 shall immedi revert to custom , provid that supplier may continu to use ani such right in order to fulfil it surviv oblig under section 18.5 , and onli for such purpose; c ) supplier shall provid to custom , to the extent they exist , copi of : ( i ) supplier ’ s manufactur batch record and analyt report relat to the product; and ( ii ) ani other document requir to be deliv pursuant to thi agreement or otherwis reason request by customer; d ) unless thi agreement is termin by custom pursuant to section 18.1 ( d ) abov , all purchas order and scope of work shall automat be deem termin by custom and supplier shall be compens for final product alreadi produc or servic alreadi render in accord with thi agreement and , for product or servic not yet produc or render , as the case may be , supplier shall be entitl to it fee , expens and cost as set forth in section 6.4 and 6.6. addit , custom shall be entitl to request that ( i ) all product and/or work in process for which custom ha compens supplier and ( ii ) all custom materi be ship to custom in accord with the provis of section 7.2 ( d ) . if thi agreement is termin by custom pursuant to section 18.1 ( d ) as a result of supplier ’ s breach , then , custom shall be abl to elect whether purchas order or scope of work not yet complet at the date of termin or expir should continu in forc , subject to the term and condit herein; and e ) supplier shall promptli cooper with custom to transfer and transit suppli of the product to a third parti supplier . upon custom ’ s request , supplier shall cooper with custom in the transfer of technolog and know-how necessari to manufactur product to such third parti supplier , includ provid custom and the third parti supplier with reason access to the facil and consult servic relat to manufactur of the product . supplier shall conduct such activ at custom ’ s expens paid in advanc . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 18.3 return of sampl on expir or earlier termin of thi agreement , unless otherwis instruct by custom , supplier shall , within [ ] , return to custom all sampl or other suppli of the product ( for which supplier ha been paid ) in it possess or control in ani form , with the except of ani sampl such as retent sampl that supplier may be requir to keep accord to applic law . the cost of return ani such suppli shall : [ ] 18.4 return of confidenti inform on expir or earlier termin of thi agreement , unless otherwis agre between the parti , each parti shall : a ) promptli ceas all use of the confidenti inform of the other parti and ensur that it corpor counsel , employe and contractor ceas all use thereof; and b ) upon written request of the other parti , ( i ) return to the other parti all origin copi of the confidenti inform of the other parti in it control or possess , subject to the retent of one ( 1 ) complet copi for archiv purpos and to satisfi ani applic legal requirements; and ( ii ) except for back-up copi gener by the recipi parti ’ s it system , destroy ani and all copi or other reproduct or extract of the confidenti inform of the other parti and all other document , comput file , memoranda , note or other write prepar base on such confidenti inform subject to claus ( i ) abov . 18.5 surviv except as otherwis provid herein or agre in write between the parti , expir or earli termin of thi agreement shall not reliev either parti of it oblig incur prior to such expir or earli termin , includ the oblig to manufactur and deliv the product under purchas order place by custom and accept by supplier prior to the effect date of expir or earlier termin , and the oblig to pay fee in respect thereof . in addit , the follow provis shall surviv ani expir or earli termin of thi agreement in accord with the term of such provision; provid that if there is no express expir or termin of an oblig or a right under a surviv provis , such provis or right shall continu to surviv , subject to applic law [ ] : articl 1 ( interpret ) ; section 2.2 ( effect of expir on purchas order ) ; section 5.3 ( retent sampl ) ; articl 9 ( fee ) ( sole with respect to amount owe or paid follow termin ) ; articl 11 ( intellectu properti ) ( other than section 11.3 ( grant of licens by custom ) ) ; articl 12 ( confidenti & public ) ; section 13.3 ( no other warranti ) ; section 13.4 ( no consequenti damag and limit of liabil ) ; articl 14 ( indemnif ) ; articl 15 ( insur ) ; section 16.2 ( mainten of record ) ; section 16.4 ( drug master file ) ; section 16.6 ( inspect ) ; section 17.2 confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . ( recal ) , 17.3 ( supplier ’ s liabil for recal ) and 17.4 ( custom ’ s liabil for recal ) ; section 18.2 ( consequ of termin ) , 18.3 ( return of sampl ) and 18.4 ( return of confidenti inform ) ; thi section 18.5 ( surviv ) ; and articl 19 ( miscellan ) ( except 19.2 and 19.5 ) . further , articl 8 ( accept of shipment ) shall surviv ani expir or termin of thi agreement sole with respect to shipment of product ship prior to the effect date of expir or termin . articl 19 miscellan 19.1 assignment; inur thi agreement shall be bind upon and shall inur to the benefit of the parti hereto and their successor and permit assign . supplier shall not assign thi agreement , in whole or in part , to ani person without the prior written consent of custom , except to a third parti which acquir all , or substanti all , of supplier ’ s busi or asset , whether through merger or otherwis . custom shall be entitl to assign thi agreement , in whole or in part , to ani person without the consent of supplier , provid that ( i ) such person acquir all , or substanti all , of custom ’ s busi or asset with respect to the product , whether through merger or otherwise; ( ii ) such person is an affili of custom or a custom licensee; or ( iii ) custom remain liabl for ani payment supplier is or will be entitl to under thi agreement . custom shall not assign thi agreement , in whole or in part , to ani other person without the prior written consent of supplier , not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay . 19.2 chang of control dure the term , supplier will promptli notifi custom in write if at ani time a chang of control shall occur as to supplier , such notif to be given no later than fifteen ( 15 ) day follow such chang of control . [ ] 19.3 counterpart thi agreement may be execut in ani number of counterpart each of which shall be deem to be an origin and all of which taken togeth shall be deem to constitut one and the same instrument . 19.4 disput resolut ani controversi or claim aris out of or relat to thi agreement , or the breach thereof , shall be refer first to senior manag of the parti for amic resolut . in the event that amic resolut ha not been achiev within [ ] , then either parti may seek resolut through confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . confidenti arbitr in accord with the icc rule of arbitr . the arbitr hear shall be held as soon as practic follow submiss to arbitr . the arbitr hear shall be held in delawar . the parti shall request that the arbitr panel render a formal , bind non-appeal resolut and award on each issu as expediti as possibl . in ani arbitr , the prevail parti shall be entitl to reimburs of it reason attorney ’ fee and the parti shall use all reason effort to keep arbitr cost to a minimum . judgment upon the award may be enter by ani court have jurisdict thereof or have jurisdict over the relev parti or it asset . 19.5 forc majeur ani delay or inabl to perform ani of the duti or oblig of either parti caus by an event outsid the affect parti ’ s reason control shall not be consid a breach of thi agreement , and unless provid to the contrari herein , the time requir for perform shall be extend for a period equal to the period of such delay . such event shall includ , without limit : act of god; ani government act or regulation; insurrections; riot or civil disturbance; act of war; embargoes; labor disput at facil of materi supplier , includ strike , lockout , job action , or boycotts; fires; explosions; terrorist attacks; floods; or other unforese caus beyond the reason control and without the fault or neglig of the parti so affect . in order to take the benefit of thi section , the parti so affect shall give prompt notic [ ] to the other parti of such caus , and shall take whatev reason step are necessari to reliev the effect of such caus as rapidli as reason possibl . if perform is affect for a cumul period of more than [ ] , the non-affect parti may termin thi agreement immedi by notic in write to the affect parti . 19.6 perform each parti agre to perform it oblig under thi agreement , includ under ani scope of work , in a time manner . supplier shall alloc adequ resourc to execut it oblig under thi agreement , includ under each scope of work . supplier repres and warrant that all servic shall be perform by qualifi personnel in accord with the highest industri standard . 19.7 further assur the parti shall both execut and deliv such further instrument and do such further act as may be requir to implement the intent of thi agreement . 19.8 independ contractor supplier and custom shall be independ contractor and shall not be deem to be partner , joint ventur or each other ’ s agent under thi agreement , and neither parti shall have the right to act on behalf of the other except as is expressli set forth in thi agreement . confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . 19.9 injunct each parti agre that the other parti may be irrepar damag if ani provis of thi agreement is not perform in accord with it term . accordingli , notwithstand section 19.3 , each parti will be entitl to appli for an injunct or injunct to prevent breach of ani of the provis of thi agreement by the other parti , without show or prove ani actual or threaten damag , notwithstand ani rule of law or equiti to the contrari , and may specif enforc such provis by an action institut in a court have jurisdict . these specif remedi are in addit to ani other remedi to which the parti may be entitl at law or in equiti . 19.10 notic unless otherwis provid herein , ani notic requir or permit to be given hereund or ani propos for ani modif of thi agreement ( hereinaft collect refer to as the “ correspond ” ) shall be fax , mail by overnight mail , certifi mail postag prepaid , or deliv by hand to the parti to whom such correspond is requir or permit to be given hereund at the address set out below . if deliv by hand , ani such correspond shall be deem to have been given when receiv by the parti to whom such correspond is given and if fax , ani such correspond shall be deem to have been given on the first busi day follow facsimil transmiss , as evidenc by written and date receipt of the receiv parti . if to supplier : carbogen amci ag hauptstrass 159-173 ch 4416 bubendorf switzerland attent : ceo telephon : + 41 61 935 5353 facsimil : + 41 61 935 5300 if to custom : paratek pharmaceut , inc. 75 park plaza , 4th floor boston , ma 02116 usa attent : gener counsel phone : +1 617 807 6600 facsimil : +1 617 275 0039 confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . either parti may chang the address to which ani correspond to it is to be address by notif to the other parti as provid herein . 19.11 entir agreement thi agreement , the qualiti agreement and all exhibit attach hereto ( as the same may be amend from time to time by the written agreement of the parti ) constitut the entir agreement between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersed all other document , agreement , verbal consent , arrang and understand between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof . thi agreement shall not be amend oral , but onli by an agreement in write , sign by both parti that state that it is an amend to thi agreement . 19.12 sever if ani term or provis of thi agreement shall for ani reason be held invalid , illeg or unenforc in ani respect , such invalid , illeg or unenforc shall not affect ani other term or provis hereof , and thi agreement shall be interpret and constru as if such term or provis , to the extent the same shall have been held to be invalid , illeg or unenforc , had never been contain herein . 19.13 waiver no waiver or modif of ani of the term of thi agreement shall be valid unless in write and sign by an author repres of the parti hereto . failur by either parti to enforc ani right under thi agreement shall not be constru as a waiver of such right , nor shall a waiver by either parti in one or more instanc be constru as constitut a continu waiver or as a waiver in other instanc . [ signatur page follow . ] confidenti of 49 sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . in wit whereof , each of the parti hereto ha caus thi agreement to be execut by it duli author offic as of the date set forth below . custom by it author signatori : /s/ william m. haskel name : william m. haskel titl : sr. vice presid date : januari 9 , 2017 carbogen amci ag by it author signatori : /s/ silk erbeck name : silk erbeck titl : senior head of commerci product date : 10.jan.2017 /s/ dr. stephan fritschi stephan fritschi vp oper carbogen amci ag 10.jan.2017 [ signatur page to outsourc agreement ] sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . exhibit a – descript of product [ ] sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . exhibit b – chemic synthesi [ ] sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . exhibit c – fee schedul [ ] sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017 thi exhibit ha been redact and is the subject of a confidenti treatment request . redact materi is mark with [ ] and ha been file separ with the secur and exchang commiss . where two page of materi have been omit , the redact materi is mark with [ † ] . exhibit d – certif of analysi and certif of complianc [ † ] sourc : paratek pharmaceut , inc. , 10-k/a , 5/5/2017