exhibit 10.1 cologuard® promot agreement by and between exact scienc corpor and pfizer inc. august 21 , 2018 sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 tabl of content . definit 2. govern 2.1 joint steer committe 2.2 joint oper committe 2.3 joint review committe 2.4 financ repres 2.5 allianc manag 2.6 complianc manag 3. appointment; product ownership; market and sale 3.1 appoint 3.2 respons for product 3.3 annual market plan 3.4 sale promot , detail effort and idn promot 3.5 pfizer invest and support 3.6 exact invest and support 3.7 chang in share m & p expens 4. account 4.1 respons for share m & p expens 4.2 promot fee 4.3 fee statement and payment 4.4 tax and withhold 4.5 no partnership provis 4.6 payments; currenc 4.7 mainten of records; audit 5. represent , warranti and coven 5.1 mutual represent and warranti 5.2 represent and warranti of exact 5.3 coven 5.4 complianc with law and ethic busi practic 5.5 notic of investig 5.6 represent by legal counsel 5.7 no inconsist agreement 5.8 disclaim 6. indemnification; limit of liabil and insur 6.1 indemnif 6.2 insur requir 6.3 limit of liabil sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 7. confidentiality; public 7.1 confidenti 7.2 author disclosur and use 7.3 certain regulatori file 7.4 public announc 7.5 use of name 8. term and termin 8.1 term 8.2 renew 8.3 termin for caus 8.4 termin without caus 8.5 mutual termin 8.6 termin for chang of control 8.7 royalti upon expir 8.8 consequ of termin 8.9 surviv of certain oblig 9. miscellan 9.1 interpret 9.2 assign 9.3 further action 9.4 forc majeur 9.5 notic 9.6 amend 9.7 waiver 9.8 sever 9.9 descript head 9.10 govern law 9.11 disput resolut 9.12 entir agreement of the parti 9.13 independ contractor 9.14 no legal advic 9.15 counterpart exhibit exhibit 1.24 – cost of sale exhibit 1.39 – exact trademark exhibit 2.2 ( c ) ( iv ) – calendar quarter perform metric exhibit 3.2 ( c ) ( i ) – sale deploy plan exhibit 3.3 ( b ) – annual market plan outlin exhibit 3.4 ( a ) – promot fee reduct exhibit 7.4 – press releas sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 exhibit 8.8 ( b ) – tail period advertis servic ii sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 agreement thi agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into as of august 21 , 2018 ( the “ effect date ” ) , by and between pfizer inc. ( “ pfizer ” ) , a delawar corpor , with a princip place of busi at 235 east 42nd street , new york , new york 10017 and exact scienc corpor ( “ exact ” ) , a delawar corpor with a princip place of busi at 441 charmani drive , madison , wisconsin 53719. pfizer and exact may each be refer to herein individu as a “ parti ” and collect as the “ parti ” . wherea , exact ha market and proprietari right to the product ( as defin below ) in the unit states; wherea , pfizer ha sale , market , analyt , and other core capabl and compet to promot and market brand prescript products; and wherea , exact desir to work with pfizer to leverag pfizer ’ s expertis in sale , market , analyt , and other core capabl and compet for the product in the unit state and pfizer desir to provid such expertis , includ through it sale repres , and to invest in exact ’ s promot of the product in the unit state . now therefor , in consider of the mutual promis and coven set forth below and other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which is herebi acknowledg , the parti herebi agre as follow : 1. definit . 1.1 “ advam code ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( c ) ( ii ) . 1.2 “ advertis ” shall mean the paid advertis , plan , purchas and placement of advertis for a prescript medic devic subject to pre-market approv in the territori through ani mean , includ televis , print , radio/audio , in-office/placed- base , digit , web , search ( sem/seo ) , social media , mobil and ani and all new and emerg media channel for consum , healthcar institut and healthcar provid . 1.3 “ affili ( s ) ” shall mean , with respect to ani parti , ani other person which control , is control by or is under common control with such parti . a person shall be regard as in control of anoth person if it own or control at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti secur of such other person entitl to vote in the elect of director ( or , in the case of an entiti that is not a corpor , for the elect of the correspond manag author ) ; provid , howev , that the term “ affili ” shall not includ subsidiari or other entiti in which a parti or it affili own a major of the ordinari vote power necessari to elect a major of the board of director or other govern board , but is restrict from elect such major by contract or otherwis , until such time as such restrict are no longer in effect . 1.4 “ agreement ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 1.5 “ allianc manag ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.5 . 1.6 “ annual market plan ” shall mean the plan for the market and promot of the product in the territori for each full or partial calendar year as describ in section 3.3 , as prepar and updat from time to time pursuant to section 3.3 . 1.7 “ annual supplement promot fee ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( c ) ( i ) . 1.8 “ applic compliance/review polici ” shall mean , with respect to pfizer , it written code of ethic and profession conduct and , with respect to exact , it written code of busi conduct and ethic , and such polici and standard oper procedur that are adher to by such parti in connect with the product and ani payment or servic contempl by thi agreement , as the same may be amend from time to time . 1.9 “ applic law ” shall mean ani law , statut , rule , regul , order , judgment , ordin , administr code , decre , direct , injunct or permit ( includ regulatori approv ) of ani court , arbitr bodi , agenc , depart , author or other instrument of ani nation , state , counti , citi or other polit subdivis applic to a parti ’ s activ to be perform under thi agreement . for the avoid of doubt , ani specif refer to ani applic law or ani portion thereof , shall be deem to includ all amend , replac or successor thereto . 1.10 “ audit parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.7 ( b ) ( i ) . 1.11 “ audit parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.7 ( b ) ( i ) . 1.12 “ baselin laboratori servic revenu ” shall mean , with respect to a particular calendar year dure the term , the amount set forth in section 4.2 ( b ) . 1.13 “ baselin m & p expens ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.6 . 1.14 “ busi day ” shall mean ani day other than a saturday , sunday , or a bank or other public holiday in new york , new york , unit state . 1.15 “ calendar quarter ” shall mean the respect period of three ( 3 ) consecut calendar month end on march 31 , june 30 , septemb 30 or decemb 31 . 1.16 “ calendar year ” shall mean the respect period of twelv ( 12 ) calendar month , each such period end on decemb 31 of the applic year for as long as thi agreement is in effect . 1.17 “ calendar year baselin laboratori servic revenu ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( b ) . 1.18 “ chang of control ” shall mean , with respect to a parti : ( a ) the sale of all or substanti all of such parti ’ s asset or busi relat to the subject matter of thi agreement; ( b ) a merger , reorgan , or consolid involv such parti in which the holder of vote secur of such parti outstand immedi sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 prior thereto ceas to hold at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the combin vote power of the surviv entiti or acquir entiti ( or it parent ) immedi after such merger , reorgan , or consolidation; or ( c ) the acquisit of more than fifti percent ( 50 ) of the vote equiti secur of such parti as a result of a singl transact or a seri of relat transact . 1.19 “ cia ” shall have the mean set forth in section 5.4 ( j ) . 1.20 “ claim ” shall have the mean set forth in section 6.1 ( a ) . 1.21 “ complianc manag ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.6 . 1.22 “ confidenti inform ” shall have the mean set forth in section 7.1 . 1.23 “ co-promot field ” shall mean those physician and practic customarili consid primari care or gastroenterolog provid and practic and , subject to section 3.1 ( c ) ( ii ) and 4.2 ( d ) , the ob/gyn field , in the territori . for clariti , if exact , either through it own sale repres or by agreement with a third parti , launch the product in the ob/gyn field , the co-promot field shall not includ the ob/gyn field . 1.24 “ cost of sale ” shall mean the direct and indirect cost attribut to sale of the product laboratori servic , as calcul in accord with exhibit 1.24 , and as consist determin in accord with gaap . 1.25 “ debarred/exclud ” shall have the mean set forth in section 5.1 ( g ) . 1.26 “ detail ” shall mean a customari face-to-fac or non-face-to-fac contact of a sale repres of a parti with an elig prescrib dure which such sale repres make a present of certain of the product ’ s attribut , such as describ the fda-approv indic use , safeti , effect , or other relev characterist of the product , in a fair and balanc manner and in accord with the requir of thi agreement and applic law and in a manner that is customari for the purpos of promot a prescript medic devic subject to pre-market approv , but exclud : ( a ) ani activ perform by ani repres other than a sale repres who is not conduct a face-to-fac or non-face- to-fac sale call , ( b ) present made at convent or ( c ) mere deliveri of save card , coupon or similar item without discuss with an elig prescrib about the product; provid that , such measur shall be on the same basi as the record parti ’ s measur for it sale repres ’ detail of it other medic devic subject to pre-market approv or prescript pharmaceut product ( as applic ) , consist appli throughout the term . for clariti , non- face-to-fac contact shall mean e-detail , video detail or other present of promot materi by a sale repres to an elig prescrib via audio , video , internet , use webex or other similar live confer applic , and in all instanc that allow for real time , detail and substant commun between the sale repres and the elig prescrib regard the product and would be consid a detail by pfizer for it own product under it own guidelin , but shall exclud ani such commun , such as telephon call , dure which such detail and visual sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 exchang of inform do not occur . “ detail , ” when use as a verb , and “ detail ” shall have correl mean . 1.27 “ disclos parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 7.1 . 1.28 “ disput joc matter ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.2 ( d ) . 1.29 “ disput jrc matter ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.3 ( d ) . 1.30 “ disput jsc matter ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( e ) . 1.31 “ effect date ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.32 “ elig prescrib ” shall mean ( a ) a health care provid who ha the author to prescrib the product under applic law and ( b ) ani other health care profession without prescrib author but who ( i ) is reason believ to assist with patient care and reimburs for healthcar servic in the offic of a health care provid who ha author to prescrib the product under applic law , and ( ii ) is allow to receiv promot . 1.33 “ exact ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.34 “ exact copyright ” shall mean all statutori and common law copyright own by exact in and to the promot materi , advertis materi or product label use in the territori . 1.35 “ exact hous mark ” shall mean the exact trade name and logo , includ all registr and applic for registr of ani of the forego in the territori . 1.36 “ exact indemnite ” shall have the mean set forth in section 6.1 ( b ) . 1.37 “ exact jsc member ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( a ) . 1.38 “ exact patent right ” shall mean the patent right own or control by exact as of the effect date . 1.39 “ exact sponsorship and relat activ ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( d ) ( i ) . 1.40 “ exact trademark ” shall mean ( a ) the trademark list on exhibit 1.39 and the registr thereof , ( b ) ani pend or futur trademark registr applic own or control and use in connect with or intend for use in connect with the product in the territori , ( c ) ani unregist trademark right use in connect with the product as may exist through use in the territori , ( d ) ani current or futur modif or variant of ani of the forego right , and ( e ) ani futur trademark adopt by exact or it affili for use in connect with the product in the territori . 1.41 “ exclud channel ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( d ) . 1.42 “ ex-u commerci right ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( c ) ( i ) . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 1.43 “ ex-u commerci right transfer notic ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( c ) ( i ) . 1.44 “ fda ” shall mean the unit state food and drug administr or ani successor agenc thereto . 1.45 “ fd & c act ” shall mean the unit state feder food , drug , and cosmet act , as amend , and the rule and regul promulg thereund . 1.46 “ financ repres ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.4 . 1.47 “ first promot fee period ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( c ) ( i ) . 1.48 “ first supplement promot fee ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( c ) ( i ) . 1.49 “ gaap ” shall mean unit state gener accept account principl , consist appli . 1.50 “ government author ” to be broadli interpret and includ : ( a ) ani nation , feder , state , local , region , or foreign govern , or level , branch , or subdivis thereof; ( b ) ani multin or public intern organ or authority; ( c ) ani ministri , depart , bureau , divis , author , agenc , commiss , or bodi entitl to exercis ani administr , execut , judici , legisl , polic , regulatori , or tax author or power; ( d ) ani court , tribun , or government arbitr or arbitr body; ( e ) ani government-own or control institut or entity; ( f ) ani enterpris or instrument perform a government function; and ( g ) ani polit parti . 1.51 “ govern offici ” to be broadli interpret , shall mean ( a ) ani elect or appoint govern offici ( e.g. , a member of a ministri of health ) ; ( b ) ani employe or person act for or on behalf of a govern , government-control entiti or enterpris perform a government function; ( c ) ani polit parti , candid for public offic , offic , employe , or person act for or on behalf of a polit parti or candid for public office; ( d ) ani employe or person act for or on behalf of a public intern organ ( e.g. , the unit nation ) ; or ( e ) ani individu who hold himself or herself out to be the author intermediari of ani of the forego . for clariti , healthcar provid employ by government-own hospit shall be consid govern offici . 1.52 “ gross margin ” shall mean laboratori servic revenu less cost of sale . 1.53 “ gross margin percent ” shall mean the percentag as determin by multipli ( a ) the fraction valu of gross margin divid by laboratori servic revenu by ( b ) one hundr percent ( 100 ) . 1.54 “ idn ” shall mean an integr healthcar deliveri network . 1.55 “ incent compens ” shall mean the compens paid by or under the sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 author of pfizer or ani of it affili to a sale repres involv in the promot of the product under thi agreement base directli or indirectli on the sale of the product ( includ the product ) be promot by such sale repres in the territori , includ ani target bonu , award or other incent , but exclud ( i ) base salari and ( ii ) singl product ad hoc award or other similar individu product incent , such as “ special incent plan ” that , in the aggreg , do not exceed 2,000 per calendar year . 1.56 “ includ revenu percentag ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( d ) . 1.57 “ increment laboratori servic revenu ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( a ) . 1.58 “ indemnifi parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 6.1 ( c ) ( i ) . 1.59 “ indemnifi parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 6.1 ( c ) ( i ) . 1.60 “ joc ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.2 ( a ) 1.61 “ joc co-chair ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.2 ( a ) . 1.62 “ jrc ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.3 ( a ) . 1.63 “ jsc ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( a ) . 1.64 “ jsc co-chair ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( b ) . 1.65 “ jsc member ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( a ) . 1.66 “ kam team ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.4 ( c ) . 1.67 “ laboratori servic revenu ” shall mean , with respect to a particular calendar quarter , as applic , exact ’ s revenu earn from perform the product laboratori servic in the territori with regard to patient sampl collect in the territori , subject to section 4.2 ( d ) , as calcul by exact in accord with gaap consist appli , less the follow deduct : ( i ) trade , quantiti or cash discount , credit , adjust or allow , includ without limit those grant in connect with manag care network agreement and those grant on account of price adjust , bill error , reject good , damag good or incomplet test or other services; ( ii ) rebat and chargeback allow , given or accru ( includ , but not limit to , cash , government and manag care rebat , hospit or other buy group chargeback , and government tax in the natur of a rebat base on usag level or sale of the product laboratori servic ) ; and ( iii ) patient complianc incent that are treat as a reduct in revenu in accord with gaap , includ without limit gift card to patient . 1.68 “ launch date ” shall mean octob 1 , 2018 . 1.69 “ market ” shall mean , with respect to a medic devic subject to pre-market sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 approv , advertis , public relat , medic educ activ , market research , creation , develop , and distribut of advertis and promot materi , field literatur , direct or indirect educ campaign , and exhibit at seminar and convent . when use as a verb , “ market ” mean to engag in market . 1.70 “ ob/gyn commerci right ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( c ) ( ii ) . 1.71 “ ob/gyn commerci right transfer notic ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( c ) ( ii ) . 1.72 “ ob/gyn field ” shall mean those healthcar profession and practic customarili consid ob/gyn provid and practic . 1.73 “ occurr ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.6 ( c ) . 1.74 “ parti ” or “ parti ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.75 “ patent right ” shall mean ani and all ( a ) issu patent , ( b ) pend patent applic , includ all provision applic , substitut , continu , continuations-in-part , division , and renew , and all patent grant thereon , ( c ) patent of addit , reissu , reexamin and extens or restor by exist or futur extens or restor mechan , includ patent term adjust , patent term extens , supplementari protect certif or the equival thereof , ( d ) inventor ’ s certif , ( e ) other form of govern issu right substanti similar to the forego and ( f ) unit state and foreign counterpart of ani of the forego . 1.76 “ payer ” shall mean a third parti entiti that pay a portion or all of the cost of the product laboratori servic perform with respect to a given patient use the product . for clariti , a patient who pay for the cost of hi or her own product laboratori servic , in whole or in part , shall not be includ in thi definit of “ payer ” and a “ payer ” may includ govern entiti or agenc , manag care organ , and health or prescript insur provid . 1.77 “ person ” shall mean an individu , sole proprietorship , partnership , limit partnership , limit liabil partnership , corpor , limit liabil compani , busi trust , joint stock compani , trust , incorpor associ , joint ventur or similar entiti or organ , includ a govern or polit subdivis or depart or agenc of a govern . 1.78 “ pfizer ” shall have the mean set forth in the preambl . 1.79 “ pfizer indemnite ” shall have the mean set forth in section 6.1 ( a ) . 1.80 “ pfizer jsc member ” shall have the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( a ) . 1.81 “ pfizer trainer ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( e ) ( i ) . 1.82 “ phrma code ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( c ) ( ii ) . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 1.83 “ pre-launch meet ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( e ) ( v ) . 1.84 “ product ” shall mean the medic devic subject to pre-market approv current commerci under the brand name “ cologuard ” and indic for the qualit detect of colorect neoplasia associ dna marker and for the presenc of occult hemoglobin in human stool . 1.85 “ product label ” shall mean the label and label document approv on august 11 , 2014 by the fda under the premarket approv p130017 , , and ani supplement , extens or chang thereto . 1.86 “ product laboratori servic ” shall mean the colorect cancer screen test perform on a specimen provid by a patient use the product , includ specimen collect , laboratori test , data handl and analysi , interpret of result , patient complianc ( includ call center activ ) and bill to be provid by exact or it affili accord to the “ laboratori instruct for use ” in the product label , wherein the laboratori instruct for use are further subject to ani chang as requir by ani pre-market approv supplement approv by the fda . 1.87 “ product train ” shall mean , with respect to the product , the product-specif train program conduct in accord with the applic annual market plan and applic law , which may includ train concern ( a ) the scientif basi for the product , ( b ) permiss commun regard safeti and efficaci claim relat to the product , ( c ) permiss commun relat to the product in accord with the product label , ( d ) use of promot materi by the sale repres , and ( e ) other appropri topic relev to the promot of the product as determin by exact in consult with pfizer . 1.88 “ promot ” shall mean ( a ) those activ customarili undertaken by a parti ’ s field sale repres in the territori to encourag the approv use of a particular prescript medic devic ( or prescript pharmaceut medicin as applic ) subject to pre-market approv ( or other regulatori approv , as applic ) , includ detail , and ( b ) ani other activ customarili undertaken by a parti aim at encourag the approv use of a particular prescript medic devic subject to pre-market author approv , includ without limit , healthcar profession peer-to-p commun , commun of product benefit to idn , the creation and use of promot materi , market , meet and event ( includ without limit speaker bureau event ) , trade show , advocaci activ , includ with respect to guidelin organ , and sponsorship . the term “ promot ” , “ promot ” and “ promot ” shall have correspond mean . 1.89 “ promot fee ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.2 ( a ) . 1.90 “ promot materi ” shall mean , with respect to the product , all written , print , graphic , electron , audio , video or other materi ( such as a journal reprint ) other than the product label , provid by exact , with respect to current sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 develop materi , or develop by the parti , in each case , for use by a parti ’ s sale repres dure detail or other repres in the territori . 1.91 “ qsr ” shall mean the qualiti system regul , 21 c.f.r . part 820 , as may be amend from time to time and ani successor thereto . 1.92 “ receiv parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 7.1 . 1.93 “ regulatori approv ” shall mean , with respect to a prescript medic devic subject to pre-market author approv in ani jurisdict in the territori for a given indic , all technic , medic and scientif licens , registr , author and approv of pre-market approv applic , supplement and amend , and pre- and post- approv of the fda , suffici for the manufactur , distribut , use and sale of such prescript medic devic , includ ani servic associ with such medic devic , in such jurisdict in the territori for such indic in accord with applic law , exclud ani price and reimburs approv . 1.94 “ renew term ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.2 . 1.95 “ repres ” shall mean , with respect to a parti , such parti ’ s employe , agent or independ contractor , and such parti ’ s affili and their respect employe , agent or independ contractor , includ sale repres , in each case who are perform servic under the annual market plan . 1.96 “ sale deploy plan ” shall have the mean set forth in section 3.2 ( c ) ( i ) . 1.97 “ sale repres ” shall mean an intern or field sale repres employ by a parti full-tim who detail product or servic for human use in the territori . for clariti , sale repres exclud sale manag such as district busi manag and abov . 1.98 “ senior offic ” shall mean , with respect to exact , the chief execut offic of exact and , with respect to pfizer , region presid , north america , intern medicin , pfizer innov health . 1.99 “ share m & p expens ” shall mean the increment invest in promot expens abov the baselin m & p expens agre to by the parti , as set forth in section 3.5 and 3.6 . 1.100 “ tail period ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.7 . 1.101 “ term ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.1 . 1.102 “ territori ” shall mean the fifti ( 50 ) state of the unit state and the district of columbia and includ puerto rico . 1.103 “ third parti ” shall mean ani person other than exact , pfizer or their respect affili . 1.104 “ trademark ” shall mean ani regist word , name , symbol , color , design or sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 devic or ani combin thereof , includ ani trademark , trade dress , brand mark , servic mark , trade name , brand name , logo or busi symbol . 1.105 “ train materi ” shall mean , with respect to the product , the materi ( which may includ written or other record , videotap or web-bas train materi or onlin train program ) to be use in product train for a parti ’ s sale repres regard the product . 1.106 “ vat ” shall have the mean set forth in section 4.4 . 1.107 “ violat parti ” shall have the mean set forth in section 8.3 ( d ) . 2. govern . 2.1 joint steer committe . ( a ) composit . promptli follow the effect date , the parti will establish a joint steer committe ( “ jsc ” ) , compris of three ( 3 ) repres of exact and three ( 3 ) repres of pfizer . the jsc repres for each of exact and pfizer will be refer to herein as the “ exact jsc member ” and the “ pfizer jsc member ” , respect , and the exact jsc member and the pfizer jsc member will be refer to herein as the “ jsc member ” . each parti may replac ani of it jsc member at ani time upon notic to the other parti and the parti may increas or decreas the number of it jsc member on the jsc; provid that at all time an equal number of jsc member from each parti are appoint to the jsc . ( b ) committe chair . the jsc will be co-chair by a pfizer jsc member and an exact jsc member ( each , a “ jsc co-chair ” ) . each parti may replac it jsc co-chair at ani time upon notic to the other parti . the role of secretari of the jsc shall rotat each meet between the jsc co-chair ( or ani jsc member who is appoint , by mutual agreement of both jsc co-chair , as secretari of the jsc ) . the secretari of the jsc shall : ( i ) notifi each parti at least fifteen ( 15 ) day ( or as much notic as is reason possibl ) in advanc of each jsc meeting; ( ii ) collect and organ agenda item from each parti for each jsc meeting; ( iii ) prepar and circul to jsc member each jsc meet agenda no later than five ( 5 ) busi day ( or as far in advanc as is reason possibl ) prior to the schedul date for each jsc meeting; and ( iv ) prepar the written minut of each jsc meet and , within fifteen ( 15 ) day after such meet , circul such minut for review and approv by the parti . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( c ) meet . the jsc will meet no less than onc each calendar quarter ( or less frequent upon mutual agreement of the parti ) either in-person or by audio or video teleconfer . meet of the jsc will occur at such time and place in the territori as mutual agre to by the parties; provid , howev , that no more than half of the meet will be requir to be held in-person in ani calendar year . meet of the jsc will onli occur if at least one jsc member of each parti is present at the meet or particip by teleconfer or videoconfer . each parti will be sole respons for , and will not be entitl to ani reimburs from the other parti with respect to , ani and all personnel cost or expens ( includ travel expens ) incur by or on behalf of it repres in connect with particip in ani jsc meet or sub-committe or work group meet , or ani other travel requir to be undertaken by either parti ’ s personnel in connect with the perform of the agreement . the parti will endeavor to schedul meet of the jsc at least fifteen ( 15 ) day in advanc . the parti shall approv the minut of each meet promptli , but in no event later than the next meet of the jsc . ( d ) jsc respons . the jsc shall : ( i ) review , discuss , and approv each annual market plan for a calendar year , includ the quarterli baselin budget amount contain therein , no later than the applic date set forth in section 3.3 ( a ) ; ( ii ) overse the implement of each annual market plan; ( iii ) review , discuss , and approv ani modif to the annual market plan submit by the joc; ( iv ) overse the joc and jrc and each committe ’ s activities; ( v ) act as the first level escal to resolv disput between the parti , ani resolut of disput brought befor the jsc shall be by the unanim consent of both jsc co-chairs; ( vi ) form and overse ani sub-committe or work group in further of activ contempl in the annual market plan; ( vii ) form and overse ani sub-committe or work group as determin by the jsc to be necessari to review and discuss specif matter relat to the subject matter of thi agreement , but not enumer as a specif respons of the jsc , joc , jrc , or ani other properli form and constitut sub-committee; ( viii ) review , discuss and approv the alloc of baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens submit by the joc; sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( ix ) review all report , includ sale perform data and other key perform indic , submit by the joc; and ( x ) escal ani disput jsc matter , as defin in section 2.1 ( e ) , to the allianc manag and senior offic . ( e ) decis make . regardless of the number of pfizer jsc member or exact jsc member , decis by the jsc will be made by unanim agreement . the jsc will use good faith effort to reach agreement on ani and all matter properli brought befor it . if , despit such good faith effort , the jsc is unabl to reach a decis on a particular matter within the jsc ’ s respons ( each such matter , a “ disput jsc matter ” ) , within five ( 5 ) busi day after the jsc first meet to consid such matter , or such later date as may be mutual agre by the parti in write , then either parti may refer such disput jsc matter for resolut to the allianc manag . within three ( 3 ) busi day after such disput jsc matter is refer to the allianc manag , the allianc manag shall determin whether the disput jsc matter requir the involv of the senior offic . should the allianc manag refer the disput jsc matter to the senior offic , then the senior offic will promptli initi good faith discuss to resolv such disput jsc matter . if the senior offic are unabl to resolv such disput jsc matter within five ( 5 ) busi day of it be refer to them , then , exact , after have consid , in good faith , the advic and input from pfizer , will have final decision-mak author with respect to such disput jsc matter where the subject matter of the disput jsc matter substanti relat to ( i ) product price , includ ani rebat or discounts; ( ii ) manufacturing; ( iii ) research and develop , includ ani trials; and ( iv ) engag with government authorities; provid , howev , that exact will not have final decis make author to requir pfizer to conduct ani activ that pfizer , in good faith , believ violat applic law or pfizer ’ s applic compliance/review polici . for all disput jsc matter that are not resolv by the senior offic and are not subject to exact ’ s final decision-mak author , neither parti will take ani action on such disput jsc matter until resolut can be reach in accord with thi section 2.1 ( e ) , and , except in the case of a potenti violat of applic law , pend such resolut the parti shall continu to carri out activ under thi agreement in accord with the then-curr annual market plan . ( f ) limit on jsc author . notwithstand ani provis of thi section 2.1 to the contrari , ( i ) each parti will retain the right , power and discret grant to it under thi agreement consist with section 3.2 ( a ) , and no such right , power , or discret will be deleg to or vest in the jsc unless such deleg or vest of right is expressli provid for in thi agreement or the parti expressli so agre in write , ( ii ) the jsc will not have the power to amend thi agreement or termin or otherwis modifi or waiv complianc with thi agreement in ani manner and ( iii ) neither parti will requir the other parti to ( a ) breach ani oblig or agreement that sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 such other parti may have with or to a third parti or ( b ) perform ani activ that are materi differ , greater in scope or more costli than those provid for in the annual market plan then in effect . 2.2 joint oper committe . ( a ) composit . promptli follow the effect date , the parti will establish a joint oper committe ( “ joc ” ) , compris of market , sale , medic , financ , and such other repres of each parti as necessari . the joc shall be co-chair by each parti ’ s market repres on the joc , as design by the jsc co-chair of each parti ( each , a “ joc co-chair ” ) . each joc co-chair shall ( i ) have knowledg and expertis in the commerci of prescript product and servic in the territori , ( ii ) have suffici senior within the applic parti to make decis aris within the scope of the joc ’ s respons , and ( iii ) be author under such parti ’ s intern govern procedur to make decis or carri out the activ given to such parti under thi agreement . ( b ) meet . the joc shall meet onc each month ( or more or less frequent upon mutual agreement of the parti ) either in- person or by audio or video teleconfer . meet of the joc will occur at such time and place in the territori as mutual agre to by the parti . each parti will be sole respons for , and will not be entitl to ani reimburs from the other parti with respect to , ani and all personnel cost or expens ( includ travel expens ) which are incur by or on behalf of it repres in connect with particip in ani joc meet or sub-committe or work group meet , or ani other travel requir to be undertaken by either parti ’ s personnel in connect with the perform of the agreement . ( c ) joc respons . the joc shall : ( i ) prepar the annual market plan for review and approv by jsc; ( ii ) prepar and review product market strategi and tactics; ( iii ) prepar alloc of baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens for jsc review and approval; ( iv ) prepar report , includ sale perform data and other key perform indic for jsc review in accord with exhibit 2.2 ( c ) ( iv ) ; ( v ) execut and monitor the strategi and tactic in the annual market plan; sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( vi ) monitor product suppli and product laboratori servic capac to ensur they are suffici to meet the demand forecast in the annual market plan; ( vii ) establish key suppli , capac , inventori , and such other metric to inform the jsc; ( viii ) prepar ani revis to the annual market plan as direct by the jsc or otherwis propos pursuant to section 3.3 ( a ) ; ( ix ) provid consent to materi for reconsider by the jsc pursuant to section 2.3 ( d ) ; and ( x ) with respect to the annual market plan , ensur that a consult with the complianc manag is complet and appropri complianc measur are incorpor into the annual market plan . ( d ) decis make . decis by the joc will be made by unanim agreement . if a unanim decis can not be reach , then ani disput matter within the joc ’ s respons ( the “ disput joc matter ” ) may be escal by either parti to the jsc for resolut in accord with section 2.1 ( e ) . unless and until resolv by the jsc in accord with section 2.1 ( e ) , neither parti shall take ani action with respect to such disput joc matter and , except in the case of a potenti violat of applic law , pend such resolut the parti shall continu to carri out the activ under thi agreement in accord with the then-curr annual market plan . 2.3 joint review committe . ( a ) composit . promptli follow the effect date ( and in ani event , within thirti ( 30 ) day of the effect date ) , under the supervis of the jsc , the parti will establish a joint review committe ( “ jrc ” ) , compris of market , medic , legal , and regulatori repres of the parti . each parti may appoint one medic , legal and regulatori repres member to the jrc . the market repres from the parti shall coordin administr and oper of the jrc meet , includ set agenda , record decis regard materi review , and coordin review to ensur time review and approv of promot materi . the repres from the parti on the jrc shall coordin oper support includ schedul of jrc meet , time distribut of materi for review , record and archiv of approv materi , and other such activ to ensur oper effici of jrc meet . it is the expect of the parti that the jrc will util exact ’ s review and approv system to review and approv materi , includ promot materi that are subject to jrc review under section 2.3 ( c ) . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( b ) meet . the jrc shall meet no less than onc each month ( or more frequent upon mutual agreement of the member of the jrc ) either in-person or by audio or video teleconfer . meet of the jrc will occur at such time and place in the territori as mutual agre to by the parti . each parti will be sole respons for , and will not be entitl to ani reimburs from the other parti with respect to , ani and all personnel cost or expens ( includ travel expens ) which are incur by or on behalf of it repres in connect with particip in ani jrc meet , or ani other travel requir to be undertaken by either parti ’ s personnel in connect with the perform of the agreement . ( c ) jrc respons . the jrc shall be respons for review and approv of all product or relat diseas educ materi , promot materi and other commun to a third parti , includ pharmaco-econom data , that may be use in promot , medic to medic commun , patient educ , press releas or ani other form of extern commun intend for healthcar profession , healthcar organ custom ( such as idn and hospit ) , and payer organ , patient or other who are reason like to influenc the prescript , use , reimburs , or purchas of the product . the jrc shall also ensur that all such materi are in complianc with applic law and each parti ’ s applic compliance/review polici . ani conflict between the parti ’ applic compliance/review polici will be discuss by the jrc and the complianc manag to determin an appropri resolut of such conflict . ( d ) decis make . decis by the jrc will be made by unanim agreement . if a unanim decis can not be reach , then the disput matter ( the “ disput jrc matter ” ) can be escal by either parti to the jsc for resolut in accord with section 2.1 ( e ) . unless and until resolv by the jsc in accord with section 2.1 ( e ) , neither parti shall take ani action with respect to such disput jrc matter and , except in the case of a legal or ethic issu , the parti shall continu to carri out the activ under thi agreement in accord with the then-curr annual market plan . a disput jrc matter that is substanti similar in subject matter of a prior disput jrc matter shall not be resubmit for jsc review and resolut under thi section 2.3 ( d ) . 2.4 financ repres . each parti shall appoint a financ contact to overse all financi report and commun under thi agreement dure the term ( each , a “ financ repres ” ) . each parti may chang it design financ repres at ani time upon written notic to the other parti . each financ repres will coordin the effort of it respect parti in conduct financ activ , includ all financi report and financi commun between the parti , under thi agreement dure the term . 2.5 allianc manag . each parti shall appoint an employe of such parti who shall overse interact between the parti for all matter relat to thi agreement , the sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 annual market plan and ani relat agreement between the parti or their affili ( each an “ allianc manag ” ) . the allianc manag shall endeavor to ensur clear and respons commun between the parti and the effect exchang of inform , and shall serv as a singl point of contact for ani matter aris under thi agreement . the allianc manag shall have the right to attend all jsc and subcommitte meet as non-vot particip and may bring to the attent of the jsc or subcommitte ani matter or issu either of them reason believ should be discuss , and shall have such other respons as the parti may mutual agre in write . each parti may design differ allianc manag by notic in write to the other parti . 2.6 complianc manag . within thirti ( 30 ) day after the effect date , pfizer and exact each agre to appoint a repres who ( a ) ha receiv complianc train by such parti and ( b ) is routin respons for advis such parti on complianc matter to act as it complianc manag ( each , a “ complianc manag ” ) . the complianc manag shall support the jsc . ( a ) respons . complianc manag shall resolv discrep between the parti ’ respect applic compliance/review polici , ensur that each parti ha a process to monitor the activ under thi agreement for complianc with applic law and applic compliance/review polic , serv as a key point of contact between the parti for compliance-rel matter , and review the annual market plan for complianc with applic compliance/review polici and shall promptli notifi the jsc of ani complianc issu in such annual market plan . the joc shall promptli notifi the complianc manag of ani materi revis to the annual market plan . each complianc manag shall facilit the resolut of ani complianc issu with the complianc manag of the other parti . ( b ) notif . subject to the term of thi agreement , the complianc manag of a parti shall promptli notifi the other parti ’ s complianc manag in the event that it becom awar of a potenti violat by the other parti of : ( i ) the other parti ’ s polici or procedures; ( ii ) ani crimin , civil , or administr law or regul applic to ani feder health care program or for which penalti or exclus may be authorized; or ( iii ) the requir under the fd & c act , or relev fda guidanc document relat to the product , payment , or servic under thi agreement . ( c ) investig . if a parti find , follow an investig , credibl evid of a signific violat of ani applic polici and procedur that are design to ensur complianc with : ( i ) ani crimin , civil , or administr law or regul applic to ani feder health care program or for which penalti or exclus may be authorized; or ( ii ) the requir under the fd & c act , or relev fda guidanc document relat to the product , payment , or servic under thi agreement ( an “ occurr ” ) , the parti ’ s complianc manag shall promptli inform the other parti of the occurr and step taken by the parti to remedi the occurr , except sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 to the extent that the disclos parti ’ s counsel reason believ that such disclosur to the other parti could violat applic law ( includ privaci law ) or have a signific advers impact on the disclos parti ’ s legal posit or defens ( includ the loss of attorney-cli privileg ) with respect to ani such occurr . in the event that either parti determin that disclosur of relev factual inform regard an occurr could violat applic law ( includ privaci law ) or have a signific advers impact on it legal posit or defens ( includ the loss of attorney-cli privileg ) , the determin parti shall promptli notifi the other parti in write that the determin parti is exercis it right not to disclos relev factual inform regard an occurr . ( d ) each parti shall follow it applic compliance/review polici subject to specif except explicitli determin by the complianc manag . 3. appointment; product ownership; market and sale . 3.1 appoint . ( a ) exclus arrang . commenc on the launch date , exact and it affili herebi grant to pfizer and it affili , on an exclus basi for the co-promot field ( except as to exact and it affili ) , and pfizer accept , the right and oblig to promot and detail the product in the territori dure the term jointli with exact , in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement , all applic law and the applic annual market plan . except as set forth in thi agreement , such right shall be non-transfer and non-sublicens . in implement it oblig under thi agreement , pfizer , without charg or expens to exact ( other than as expressli set forth in section 3.6 and 4.2 ( c ) of thi agreement ) , shall provid facil , personnel ( includ manag and sale repres ) and other resourc as pfizer , in it reason discret but not inconsist with the express term of thi agreement , believ necessari . the parti specif agre that exact shall not use the pfizer name , logo or ani trademark of pfizer on ani materi , includ promot materi , without the express written consent of pfizer . notwithstand thi section 3.1 to the contrari , exact retain the right to promot the product on it own behalf in the co-promot field and , subject to section 3.1 ( c ) , pfizer shall not promot or detail the product outsid the territori or outsid the co- promot field . ( b ) grant of licens to pfizer . subject to the term of thi agreement , exact on behalf of itself and it affili , herebi grant to pfizer a non-exclus , royalti free licens , with the right to sublicens to one or more of it affili , under the exact hous mark , the exact trademark and the exact copyright , dure the term , to the extent necessari or appropri to allow pfizer and it affili to carri out activ under thi agreement includ to promot and detail the product in the co-promot field in the territori . such licens shall be non-transfer and non-sublicens sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( except as provid in thi agreement ) and shall automat termin upon the expir or earlier termin of thi agreement . ( c ) right of first negoti . ( i ) dure the term , if exact ( i ) enter a formal process author or direct by it board of director or ceo to seek and enter into an arrang or ( ii ) intend to agre to a term sheet or seek to sign a letter of intent or similar arrang to grant an exclus commerci licens to a third parti sole to promot or sell the product outsid the territori ( “ ex-u commerci right ” ) , exact shall first notifi pfizer of such intent ( a “ ex-u commerci right transfer notic ” ) and pfizer shall have thirti ( 30 ) day thereaft to notifi exact of it desir to obtain the ex-u commerci right that are the subject of the ex-u commerci right transfer notic . promptli upon receipt of notic from pfizer , exact and pfizer shall engag in exclus good faith negoti to enter into a definit written agreement for the ex-u commerci right . if pfizer and exact are unabl to reach agreement on the term of such product right within forty-f ( 45 ) day of the commenc of negoti , exact shall be free to enter into negoti and consumm an agreement with ani third parti regard such ex-u commerci rights; provid that the econom term of such agreement shall be no more favor to such third parti than those last offer to pfizer . ( ii ) dure the term , if exact desir to grant an exclus commerci licens to a third parti sole to promot or sell the product in the ob/gyn field in the territori ( the “ ob/gyn commerci right ” ) , exact shall first notifi pfizer of such intent ( a “ ob/gyn commerci right transfer notic ” ) and pfizer shall have thirti ( 30 ) day thereaft to notifi exact of it desir to obtain the ob/gyn commerci right that are the subject of the ob/gyn commerci right transfer notic . promptli upon receipt of notic from pfizer , exact and pfizer shall engag in exclus good faith negoti to enter into a definit written agreement for the ob/gyn commerci right . if pfizer and exact are unabl to reach agreement on the term of such product right within forty-f ( 45 ) day of the commenc of negoti , then exact shall be free to enter into negoti and consumm an agreement with ani third parti regard such ob/gyn commerci rights; provid that the econom term of such agreement shall be no more favor to such third parti than those last offer to pfizer . ( iii ) notwithstand the forego , thi section 3.1 ( c ) shall not appli to ( i ) ani transfer of right to the product in the ordinari cours of busi of exact , ( ii ) the sale of the product within and outsid of the territori , of all or substanti all of the asset of exact , or sale sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 of capit stock of exact , whether in connect with a merger , acquisit or other similar transact or ( iii ) ani agreement with third parti in territori for which exact ha an exist distribut or other similar agreement . 3.2 respons for product . ( a ) retain rights; ownership of product . except as specif set forth in thi agreement , pfizer shall have no other right with respect to the product , and shall not promot , market or otherwis commerci the product except as expressli author under thi agreement . exact retain , and at all time dure the term shall retain , all right in and relat to the product not expressli grant to pfizer under thi agreement , includ all proprietari and properti interest in and to the product . in further of the forego , exact retain all right of and respons for ( i ) product price , includ ani rebat or discounts; ( ii ) manufacturing; ( iii ) research and develop , includ ani trials; ( iv ) intellectu properti defens and enforc relat to the product; ( v ) product liabil claim and relat litig relat to the product; ( vi ) govern investig relat to the product; ( vii ) the day-to-day oper and manag of exact ’ s representatives; and ( viii ) engag with government author with respect to the product . pfizer will neither have , nor repres that it ha , ani control over or proprietari or properti interest in the product . noth contain in thi agreement shall be deem to grant to pfizer or it affili ani licens , right , titl or interest in or to ani patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other similar properti of exact , except as provid for in section 3.1 ( b ) , section 5.3 ( c ) or otherwis author in write by exact for pfizer to perform it oblig under thi agreement . likewis , noth contain in thi agreement shall be deem to grant to exact or it affili ani licens , right , titl or interest in or to ani patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other similar properti of pfizer or it affili except as may be author in write by pfizer for exact to perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( b ) exact product respons . dure the term , as between the parti , exact shall remain sole respons , at it expens , except as expressli otherwis provid in thi agreement , for all activ and liabil that the owner and regulatori approv holder of an fda approv medic devic would normal have , includ , in each case with respect to the territori , the follow : ( i ) manufactur , in accord with the qsr and applic law ( includ conduct all qualiti assur test ) suffici quantiti of product to meet market demand therefore; ( ii ) process and have suffici laboratori and manufactur capac to process product laboratori servic to meet demand , includ return receipt and laboratori process of patient samples; sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( iii ) ensur all laboratori process of patient sampl are conduct in accord with clia certif of accredit and patient result are provid to order healthcar provid in a time manner; ( iv ) ensur that the product is not misbrand , as defin in the fd & c act; ( v ) handl all custom servic activ relat to the product , includ respond in an appropri and time fashion to all medic and other inquiri and complaint regard the product in accord with it applic compliance/review policies; ( vi ) contract with payer , includ enter into contract for reimburs of the product laboratori services; ( vii ) use commerci reason effort to maintain the exact trademark list on exhibit 1.39; ( viii ) set the price of the product laboratori servic , includ establish , process and pay for ani rebat , discount , chargeback or other sale incent associ with the sale of the product laboratori services; ( ix ) subject to section 6.1 , handl all product liabil claim or other claim associ with or aris out of the manufactur , distribut , sale or use of the product , includ manag ani litig associ therewith and pay ani damag , fine or other compens that may be award by ani govern author or that are due as a result of ani settlement of ani such claim; ( x ) handl , in a time and appropri manner , all govern inquiri relat to the product laboratori servic and the manufactur , distribut , market , promot , sale or use of the product; and ( xi ) prepar and submit in a time manner and in a manner consist with applic law all report and inform that are requir to be submit to ani govern author relat to the product and product laboratori servic . ( c ) exact and pfizer product respons . dure the term , without limit either parti ’ s other respons under thi agreement , the parti shall : ( i ) establish and maintain a suffici number of sale repres promot the product to perform the oblig hereund per the annual market plan and consist with the sale deploy plan includ in the annual market plan , which initi sale deploy plan for the six-month period begin on and sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 immedi follow the launch date , is attach hereto as exhibit 3.2 ( c ) ( i ) ( the “ sale deploy plan ” ) ; ( ii ) market , promot and detail the product in the co-promot field in accord with the annual market plan , applic law , all regulatori and profession requir includ fda ’ s regul and guidelin concern the advertis of prescript medic devic subject to pre-market approv , and each parti ’ s applic compliance/review polici and , with respect to exact , the advam code of ethic on interact with health care profession ( revis as of juli 2009 and as further revis from time to time ) ( the “ advam code ” ) and , with respect to pfizer , the pharmaceut research and manufactur of america code on interact with healthcar profession ( the “ phrma code ” ) ; provid that if there is ani conflict between the advam code and the phrma code in connect with the implement of the annual market plan , the complianc manag shall review and use commerci reason effort to resolv such conflict; ( iii ) review custom target list for all sale repres in accord with the annual market plan to ensur that their promot is direct to those elig prescrib who are like to prescrib , recommend or purchas the product consist with the approv product label and all applic law and it applic compliance/review policies; provid that each parti ha the sole discret to select their target custom from the target list includ in the annual market plan and the parti ’ s sale repres shall have author to promot and detail to the elig prescrib on the target list in their reason discret , in accord with each parti ’ s respect intern polici and practices; ( iv ) work collabor with the other parti in develop , prepar and gener specif tactic and activ in the annual market plan , which shall includ support the develop of all promot materi , train materi and other materi gener pursuant to ani annual market plan; and ( v ) provid invest and support consist with section 3.5 , 3.6 and 4.1 , as applic . ( d ) advertis . ( i ) subject to the provis of section 3.2 ( d ) ( ii ) with respect to the remaind of calendar year 2018 and for calendar year 2019 , exact and pfizer shall develop an annual advertis plan for the product as part of the annual market plan . the annual advertis plan shall includ the target for such advertis , sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 which shall be updat on an annual basi at the same time and in the same manner as the annual market plan . in accord with each such approv advertis plan , pfizer shall develop and execut all media plan and buy of advertis consist with it practic for it own product portfolio . ( ii ) the provis of thi section 3.2 ( d ) shall have no impact on exact ’ s advertis plan for the product for 2018. the advertis plan for calendar year 2019 shall be exact ’ s advertis plan; provid , pfizer may review and make recommend on such advertis plan for calendar year 2019 and exact shall consid such recommend in good faith and use commerci reason effort to incorpor agreed-upon pfizer recommend . it is acknowledg by the parti that as of the effect date pfizer ha execut it television/video media buy on it own behalf for broadcast year 2019 ( 4q2018-3q2019 ) . with respect to broadcast year 2019 , pfizer shall use commerci reason effort and in good faith execut the television/video buy plan in the calendar year 2019 advertis plan in the “ scatter ” market . exact acknowledg that price and inventori for buy placement in the scatter market may not have the price advantag or deliveri guarante . for media buy of non-television/video in the calendar year 2019 advertis plan , pfizer shall in good faith integr the product into pfizer portfolio media plan and buy for non-television/video . ( iii ) the cost of all media buy of advertis for the product by or through pfizer shall be equal to the actual cost of such activ bill to pfizer ( includ ani third parti servic fee incur by pfizer ) and shall not includ ani markup , administr fee or servic charg . ( iv ) subject to complianc by pfizer with the term of thi section 3.2 ( d ) , dure the term , exact agre ( a ) not to enter into ani new bind arrang with ani media vendor for advertis of the product without the written consent of pfizer , which consent shall not be unreason withheld , ( b ) not to meet with ani advertis agenc or media vendor to discuss ani advertis propos for content develop and creativ direct of the product , without provid pfizer with a reason opportun for a repres of pfizer present and particip and ( c ) to promptli inform pfizer if it enter into ani arrang with ani advertis agenc with respect to the product . ( v ) exact agre that ani bind commit made by pfizer pursuant to thi section 3.2 ( d ) for media buy for the product shall also be bind to exact; provid that such commit is consist with the applic annual market plan and the sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 budget includ therein . ( vi ) after the effect date , the parti will mutual agre to a process by which pfizer will interact with exact with respect to the activ undertaken by pfizer pursuant to thi section 3.2 ( d ) . ( vii ) notwithstand the forego , exact may continu ani bind commit as of the effect date , includ advertis purchas and placement activ , relat to and in connect with the sponsorship of sport event ( e.g. , golf tournament ) , celebr sponsorship ( e.g. , harri connick serv as a product spokesperson ) and those other activ set forth in the annual market plan ( the “ exact sponsorship and relat activ ” ) ; provid , that pfizer shall use commerci reason effort to take respons of television/video and media buy relat to such exact sponsorship and relat activ follow the effect date . the exact sponsorship and relat activ may , as mutual agre by the parti , be includ in the applic annual advertis plan . ( viii ) follow the term and dure the tail period subject to section 8.7 and 8.8 ( b ) , at the request of exact , pfizer shall , base on an agre advertis plan , plan and execut the media plan and buy plan in a substanti similar manner as it did dure the term , as such plan is updat on an annual basi dure the tail period . pfizer shall provid exact with invoic of advertis buy dure the tail period consist with it invoic practic dure the term . thi invoic shall be provid within five ( 5 ) day of the end of each month dure the tail period and shall set forth all advertis cost , includ ani pfizer ’ s intern and overhead cost attribut to media buy for the product , dure month preced the month that the invoic is deliv . exact shall pay the invoic provid by pfizer within five ( 5 ) day of the date that it receiv the invoic . ( ix ) within forty-f ( 45 ) calendar day after the end of each calendar quarter , pfizer will deliv to exact a report describ in reason detail the media buy activ for the just complet calendar quarter and ani materi deviat from the approv advertis plan that occur dure such calendar quarter . ( x ) except for calendar year 2018 and 2019 advertis plan , the parti shall mutual agre to the advertis plan and ani disput with respect to such advertis plan or aris out of materi deviat of media buy by pfizer shall be consid a disput joc matter and subject to escal to the jsc under section 2.3 ( d ) . until such disput joc matter is resolv , the parti will continu to oper under the then-curr advertis plan . without limit the forego , a deviat from the media sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 buy oblig under an advertis plan by twenti percent ( 20 ) or more shall be deem to be materi . ( e ) product train . ( i ) promptli ( and in ani event within twenti ( 20 ) day ) follow the effect date , exact shall be respons for provid product train and train materi to pfizer sale trainer ( the “ pfizer trainer ” ) who shall then train pfizer ’ s sale repres who shall promot the product use a train program relat sole to the product and the product laboratori servic ( includ train materi ) . after the initi train , exact shall period provid addit product train and the parti shall agre to the frequenc , time and place such addit product train will be roll out to sale repres . ( ii ) exact shall bear all cost and expens of train it sale repres , it train facil and the cost of develop train materi and the train of pfizer trainer with respect to the product and the product laboratori servic . pfizer shall be respons for all travel , lodg , meal and other expens and out-of- pocket expens incur by pfizer ’ s sale repres in connect with such product train . ( iii ) upon termin or expir of thi agreement , at exact ’ s elect , pfizer either shall ( a ) return to exact or ( b ) destroy and certifi to the exact such destruct , all train materi in the possess of , or under the control of , pfizer . ( iv ) pfizer shall ensur that no pfizer repres shall promot the product or product laboratori servic unless he or she demonstr suffici knowledg by meet the valid requir of exact . pfizer shall maintain , and make avail upon request by exact , record of all test or certif result , includ copi thereof . ( v ) the parti shall cooper in good faith to schedul , plan and conduct a pre-launch meet for all sale repres detail the product ( the “ pre-launch meet ” ) , which shall occur promptli follow train of the pfizer sale repres in accord with thi section 3.2 ( e ) . the parti shall use commerci reason effort to conduct the pre-launch meet as an in-person meet by the first week of octob 2018 . ( f ) promot materi . dure the term , the parti agre to develop promot materi togeth in accord with the annual market plan for use in promot the product in the territori . each parti shall : sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( i ) onli use and distribut the promot materi for use in promot the product; provid , howev , that exact may continu to util ani remain promot materi for the product creat prior to the effect date , but exact will not creat ani new promot materi other than the promot materials; ( ii ) instruct it repres to use , and will use commerci reason effort to train and monitor it repres to ensur that such repres use , onli promot materi approv by the jrc; ( iii ) not , and shall ensur that it affili and agent do not , chang or alter ani promot materi in ani way prior to their distribut or use by such parti or it sale repres without jrc approval; and ( iv ) ( a ) use commerci reason effort to train it repres with respect to , ( b ) instruct it repres to , and ( c ) establish appropri intern system , polici and procedur for the monitor of it repres with the goal of ensur that such repres will : ( a ) limit claim of efficaci and safeti for the product to those that are ( 1 ) consist with approv promot claim in , and not add , delet or modifi claim of efficaci and safeti in the promot of the product in ani respect from those claim of efficaci and safeti that are contain in , the then-effect annual market plan , ( 2 ) consist with applic law and ( 3 ) consist with the product label; ( b ) not make ani chang or alter to promot materials; and ( c ) use promot materi onli in a manner that is consist with thi agreement , applic law and the product label . for clariti , the forego restrict shall not appli to exact scienc laboratori , llc or ani repres of exact or ani of it affili on the custom care team or market access team . ( g ) repres . each parti shall be legal respons and liabl for the action , omiss and conduct of their respect sale repres and other repres perform activ hereund . each parti shall ensur that all person for whom they have legal respons and liabil in accord with the forego sentenc compli with all applic law , the advam code or the phrma code , as applic , applic compliance/review polic , and all requir of thi agreement , and shall implement and maintain polici and procedur to ensur such complianc . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( h ) market author . exact shall have the sole right and respons between the parti to take , and shall take , all action with respect to the product reason necessari in order to maintain the regulatori approv permit the market and sale of the product in the territori throughout the term . ( i ) withdraw . exact shall have sole author to determin whether to recal or withdraw ani product in the territory; provid , howev , exact shall notifi pfizer of it decis , includ the reason therefor , regard ani such recal or withdraw promptli after such decis is made . exact shall be sole respons for and shall bear all cost associ , directli or indirectli , with ani recal or withdraw of the product . ( j ) custom servic activities; safeti report . exact shall have sole author to handl all custom servic activ regard the product in accord with section 3.2 ( b ) ( v ) . promptli upon receipt ( and in ani event within one busi day ) , pfizer shall refer all custom servic inquiri regard the product , includ all medic and other inquiri and complaint , to exact for resolut . follow the effect date but befor the launch date , the parti shall discuss and agre to a procedur by which product inquiri to , or by , pfizer will be sent to exact to compli with applic safeti report requir and oblig for the product . 3.3 annual market plan . ( a ) gener . promptli follow the effect date , exact and pfizer shall develop an annual market plan for the product . unless otherwis agre by the parti , the joc shall prepar each annual market plan and submit it for review and approv by the jsc by no later than octob 1 of the then-curr calendar year so that the jsc shall have a reason opportun to review , revis and approv such annual market plan by no later than octob 31 of the calendar year preced the calendar year to which such annual market plan relates; provid that the annual market plan for the 2019 calendar year shall be final by the joc and submit to the jsc promptli follow the effect date , and in ani event no later than decemb 1 , 2018. it is the intent of the parti that the annual market plan for the remaind of 2018 will be approv by the jsc no later than octob 1 , 2018. if either parti desir to revis or updat an approv annual market plan prior to the end of a calendar year , it shall notifi the joc of such desir revis , and the joc shall review ani such propos revis and determin whether to submit such revis to the jsc for review and approv . ( b ) plan content . the annual market plan for each calendar year begin with the 2019 calendar year shall contain at a minimum the categori set forth in exhibit 3.3 ( b ) and such other inform that the joc or jsc believ is necessari . the 2018 annual market plan shall contain st st sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 a high-level summari of the sale deploy plan and use of share m & p expens for the remaind of 2018 . 3.4 sale promot , detail effort and idn promot . ( a ) sale promot . commenc on the launch date , each of exact and pfizer shall implement the sale detail plan set forth in the applic annual market plan and the sale deploy plan . in the case of pfizer , pfizer shall ensur that ( i ) the number of detail in a calendar year by pfizer sale repres is not less than six hundr twenty-f thousand ( 625,000 ) detail ( for the remaind of 2018 calendar year follow the launch date , pfizer shall deliv one hundr forti thousand ( 140,000 ) detail ) and ( ii ) if the product is promot by pfizer sale repres ( a ) in posit 2 or higher , the incent compens weight directli tie to the product shall not be less than thirti percent ( 30 ) of incent compens avail to be earn by such sale repres in the applic calendar quarter and ( b ) in posit 3 or lower , the incent compens weight directli tie to the product shall not be less than twenty-f percent ( 25 ) of incent compens avail to be earn by such sale repres in the applic calendar quarter . if pfizer deliv less than five hundr sixty-two thousand five hundr ( 562,500 ) detail in a calendar year , then the promot fee due pfizer for such calendar year shall be reduc by the applic percentag set forth in the tabl on exhibit 3.4 ( a ) , with such reduct to be deduct from remitt of the promot fee for the last calendar quarter of such calendar year; provid that if such deduct exce the amount payabl for such calendar quarter then exact shall appli ani such remain deduct to the promot fee for the next calendar quarter or calendar quarter , as necessari until the total deduct ha been appli . if pfizer deliv less than four hundr fifti thousand ( 450,000 ) detail in a calendar year , in addit to percentag reduct of the promot fee set forth in the tabl on exhibit 3.4 ( a ) , exact shall have the right to termin thi agreement under section 8.3 ( b ) , which termin shall not be subject to the right of pfizer to cure such breach . in no event shall pfizer owe ani moni to exact for detail shortfal under thi agreement other than to refund the promot fee owe to exact due to detail shortfal in accord with thi section 3.4 ( a ) . each parti shall be respons for it own sale repres cost attribut to the product , includ base salari and incent compens , normal travel and entertain expens , cost of fleet vehicl and other expens normal associ with promot of product and servic similar to the product . ( b ) detail effort and cost . each parti shall have sole and exclus control of all detail effort and activ by it sale repres and repres , and shall be sole respons for the cost thereof . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement or the sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 annual market plan , ani detail cost incur by a parti or it affili in deliv the detail assign to such parti shall be the sole respons of such parti or affili and shall not be a baselin m & p expens or share m & p expens or otherwis a share cost pursuant to thi agreement . ( c ) idn promot . as part of thi agreement , pfizer agre to deploy it idn key account manag ( or successor team with similar respons , the “ kam team ” ) to support understand and uptak of the product by idn custom in accord with the annual market plan . in further , prior to the begin of each calendar year , pfizer shall discuss and agre with exact on the defin goal and key perform indic for the kam team . pfizer and exact shall agre to execut goal and deliver of resourc , subject to review and approv of the jrc , to be use by the kam team with idn custom , and the track of such execut goal and deliver use a scorecard . ( d ) report . within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day after the end of each month dure the term , each parti shall provid to the other parti a written report set forth ( i ) the number of detail complet dure such month and ( ii ) ani chang to incent compens or sell posit of the product by sale repres dure such month . exact shall provid to pfizer a weekli report detail , on an elig prescriber-by-elig prescrib basi , the product laboratori servic activ , includ but not limit to , the number of order receiv , number of shipment sent to patient , and number of result sent back to prescrib . 3.5 pfizer invest and support . pfizer shall make financi invest in market and promot the product in accord with and in all case subject to the budget in the applic annual market plan ( as the same may be adjust as provid in section 3.3 ) and shall be equal to fifti percent ( 50 ) of share m & p expens , in the amount set forth in the chart below . pfizer , at it own expens , shall use commerci reason effort to carri out pfizer ’ s respons under the annual market plan , which commerci reason effort shall includ commit the appropri resourc to assist in the implement of the annual market plan and to carri out the activ pfizer is respons for thereund and hereund . pfizer will make invest as set forth in the chart below . notwithstand the abov , pfizer agre to invest it portion of share m & p expens each calendar year subject to , ( a ) exact spend at least twelv million dollar ( 12,000,000 ) in baselin m & p expens each calendar quarter ( provid , that notwithstand exact ’ s quarterli spend for baselin m & p expens , exact shall spend a total of eighti million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) in baselin m & p expens each calendar year measur as of the end of each calendar year ) , ( b ) an amount equal to the total share m & p expens contribut by both parti is use for market and promot and ( c ) a total sum of not less than eighti million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) of baselin m & p expens is use for market and promot activ , includ the cost of exact sponsorship and relat activities; provid , howev , the parti may agre to realloc share m & p expens by sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 mutual written consent . pfizer agre to match dollar for dollar exact ’ s share m & p expens for a calendar year to up to the amount specifi in the chart below . calendar year pfizer ’ s share m & p expens 24 million 22 million 21 million 20 million for ani invest period less than a full calendar year ( other than 2018 ) , pfizer ’ s share m & p expens invest shall be adjust pro rata base on the number of month remain until the end of the calendar year . for calendar year 2018 , pfizer ’ s share m & p expens shall be adjust to equal the number of month remain from the launch date to decemb 31 , 2018 divid by twelv ( 12 ) multipli by twenty-four million dollar ( 24,000,000 ) ; provid the requir of thi section 3.5 are satisfi . pfizer shall have no oblig to incur share m & p expens in excess of the amount in the abov chart for the given calendar year , unless the parti mutual agre to increas their portion of the share m & p expens . 3.6 exact invest and support . exact shall commit , at it sole cost and expens and not subject to reimburs by pfizer , to maintain it origin plan out-of-pocket market and promot spend of eighti million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) in each of the 2018 , 2019 , 2020 , and 2021 calendar year , includ the exact sponsorship and relat activ ( the “ baselin m & p expens ” ) . in addit to baselin m & p expens , exact shall invest share m & p expens in amount to be match by pfizer pursuant to section 3.5 abov . exact , at it own expens , shall use it commerci reason effort to carri out exact ’ s respons under the annual market plan , which commerci reason effort shall includ commit the appropri resourc to assist in the implement of the annual market plan and to carri out the activ exact is respons for thereund . in addit , except as provid for in section 3.2 ( d ) , exact shall be respons for contract with agenc and vendor who are or will be provid servic ( includ the develop of promot materi and train materi ) associ with the execut of the annual market plan , shall time pay all amount due to such agenc and vendor for such servic and shall author pfizer to interact directli with and instruct such agenc and vendor in connect with such servic as necessari and appropri under thi agreement . calendar year exact ’ s baselin m & p expens exact ’ s share m & p expens 80 million 24 million 80 million 22 million 80 million 21 million 80 million 20 million sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 for ani invest period less than a full calendar year ( other than 2018 ) , exact ’ s baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens invest shall be adjust pro rata base on the number of month remain until the end of the calendar year . for calendar year 2018 , exact ’ s baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens shall be adjust to equal the number of month remain from the launch date to decemb 31 , 2018 divid by twelv ( 12 ) multipli by eighti million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) or twenty-four million dollar ( 24,000,000 ) , as applicable; provid that the requir of thi section 3.6 are satisfi . exact shall have no oblig to incur share m & p expens in excess of the amount in the abov chart for the given calendar year , unless the parti each agre to increas their portion of the share m & p expens . 3.7 chang in share m & p expens . in the event the parti agre to not implement or to discontinu implement of a strategi or tactic includ in ani annual market plan , the applic share m & p expens invest set forth abov shall be either ( a ) adjust if , dure good faith discuss at the jsc , the parti agre on the implement of a substitut strategi or tactic in place of the strategi or tactic that wa not implement or wa discontinu , which adjust will reflect ani differ in cost of such substitut strategi or tactic or ( b ) reduc by the amount ( s ) alloc in the applic budget for such strategi or tactic under the applic annual market plan , if the parti , dure good faith discuss at the jsc , agre not to implement a substitut strategi or tactic in place of the strategi or tactic that wa not implement or which wa discontinu . ani amount save as result of thi section 3.7 shall be re-deploy to other expens associ with the market of the product , unless otherwis determin by the jsc . 4. account . 4.1 respons for share m & p expens . ( a ) gener . share m & p expens contribut by exact and pfizer pursuant to section 3.5 and 3.6 shall be use sole to fund activ pursuant to the annual market plan . the parti shall agre to calendar quarter phase of baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens for budget purpos . the parti will spend amount contribut to baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens simultan throughout each calendar year , in a manner consist with the approv budget set forth in the annual market plan . ani baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens budget but not spent in calendar quarter may be roll over into the next calendar quarter . for the avoid of doubt , pfizer will match dollar for dollar exact ’ s share m & p expens for a calendar year to up to the amount set forth in section 3.5 . ( b ) remaind of 2018. promptli after the effect date , exact shall discuss with pfizer it plan market and promot spend associ with the product for the period begin on the effect date and end on decemb 31 , 2018 , so that pfizer may understand and recommend sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 realloc of all or ani portion of such plan market and promot spend associ with the product . budget phase of 2018 pro-rat baselin m & p expens and pro-rat share m & p expens shall be done on the calendar quarter basi . exact agre it shall spend at least eighti million dollar ( 80,000,000 ) toward market and promot ( includ ani amount spent between januari 1 , 2018 and the effect date ) and the pro-rat share m & p expens for 2018 . ( c ) report . within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day after the end of each month dure the term begin with octob , 2018 , exact shall provid to pfizer a written report set forth the amount of baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens incur and paid for by exact dure such month , which report shall also provid suffici item and detail relat to such expens in order for pfizer to confirm that such baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens were incur pursuant to the annual market plan . pfizer , within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day after the end of each month dure the term , begin with octob , 2018 , shall prepar and provid to exact a written report set forth the aggreg amount of share m & p expens incur and paid for by pfizer dure such month , along with suffici item and detail relat to such expens in order for exact to confirm that such share m & p expens were incur pursuant to the annual market plan . 4.2 promot fee . ( a ) calcul of promot fee . from the launch date and end on the last day of the next calendar quarter and each subsequ calendar quarter dure the term , exact shall owe pfizer a servic fee equal to fifti percent ( 50 ) of the product of : laboratori servic revenu minu baselin laboratori servic revenu ( “ increment laboratori servic revenu ” ) for the calendar quarter multipli by gross margin percent for the calendar quarter ( such product , the “ promot fee ” ) . in no event shall the gross margin percent use in the calcul of the promot fee be less than sixty-eight percent ( 68 ) or more than seventy-four percent ( 74 ) . the calcul of the promot fee pursuant to thi section 4.2 ( a ) is subject to section 4.2 ( c ) below . promot fee ( s ) and all compens paid by exact to pfizer under thi agreement , even where calcul as a percentag of sale , is intend to compens pfizer a fair market valu for the entireti of servic that pfizer is provid to exact hereund . the formula for the calcul of the promot fee is as follow : a = laboratori servic revenu b = baselin laboratori servic revenu c = gross margin percent promot fee = 0.5 ( a-b ) c sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( b ) baselin laboratori servic revenu . the chart below set forth the baselin laboratori servic revenu for the product for each calendar year dure the term ( the “ calendar year baselin laboratori servic revenu ” ) . in the annual market plan the appropri calendar year baselin laboratori servic revenu shall be alloc among each calendar quarter dure such calendar year , take into consider season or other sale demand variabl . for 2018 , the first calendar quarter shall be from the launch date to decemb 31 , 2018 and the calendar year baselin laboratori servic revenu alloc to that calendar quarter shall be 130 million . calendar year baselin laboratori servic revenu 441 million 622 million 861 million 1.191 billion ( c ) supplement promot fee . ( i ) subject to pfizer ’ s complianc with section 3.4 ( a ) ( i ) and 3.4 ( a ) ( ii ) , ( a ) exact shall pay pfizer the amount , if ani , by which the aggreg amount of the promot fee incur by exact to pfizer dure the remaind of 2018 calendar year and 2019 calendar year ( the “ first promot fee period ” ) is less than 37.5 million ( the “ first supplement promot fee ” ) , and ( b ) exact shall pay pfizer the amount , if ani , by which the aggreg promot fee incur by exact to pfizer dure each of calendar year 2020 and 2021 is less than 30 million ( “ annual supplement promot fee ” ) , in each case to compens pfizer for the sale , market and other perform provid by pfizer under thi agreement . ( ii ) as of june 30 of each calendar year dure the term , exact shall calcul a partial-period amount to be paid toward the potenti first supplement promot fee or the potenti annual supplement promot fee , as the case may be . with regard to the first supplement promot fee , the partial-period payment shall be equal to the amount by which the promot fee for 2018 , and the first six ( 6 ) month of calendar year 2019 , is less than 22.5 million , and with regard to each annual supplement promot fee , the partial-period payment shall be equal to the amount by which the promot fee for the six-month ( 6-month ) period through june 30 is less than 15 million . ( iii ) as of decemb 31 of each calendar year dure the term , exact shall calcul the first supplement promot fee or the annual supplement promot fee , as the case may be , if ani , for the entireti of the applic period . exact shall pay pfizer the first sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 supplement promot fee or the annual supplement promot fee , as the case may be , if ani , less ani partial-period payment made by exact dure the applic period pursuant to section 4.2 ( c ) ( ii ) . ( iv ) to the extent the amount of the promot fee for the first promot fee period exce the first supplement promot fee , exact shall be entitl to a credit of such excess amount up to the amount of ani partial-period payment made by exact dure such first promot fee period pursuant to section 4.2 ( c ) ( ii ) , and exact shall appli such credit toward the promot fee payment due pfizer for the fourth calendar quarter of 2019 ( or due for subsequ calendar quarter until such credit is fulli exhaust ) . to the extent the amount of the promot fee for ani calendar year after 2019 exce the annual supplement promot fee for such calendar year , exact shall be entitl to a credit of such excess amount up to the amount of ani partial-period payment made by exact dure such calendar year pursuant to section 4.2 ( c ) ( ii ) , and exact shall appli such credit toward the promot fee payment due pfizer for the fourth calendar quarter of such calendar year ( or due for subsequ calendar quarter until such credit is fulli exhaust ) . ( v ) ani amount due under section 4.2 ( c ) ( i ) and ( ii ) shall be payabl within thirti ( 30 ) day after each of june 30 , and decemb 31 of each calendar year , begin with june 30 , 2019 , as applic . ( d ) ob/gyn sale . if exact ( i ) grant ob/gyn commerci right to a third parti in accord with section 3.1 ( c ) or ( ii ) launch it own sale channel in the ob/gyn field ( as applic , the “ exclud channel ” ) , then the laboratori servic revenu use to perform the calcul set forth in section 4.2 ( a ) and to determin royalti payment pursuant to section 8.7 shall exclud all laboratori servic revenu attribut to the exclud channel except a mutual agre percentag of laboratori servic revenu dure the applic period attribut to such exclud channel ( the “ includ revenu percentag ” ) ; provid , that ( a ) such includ revenu percentag will reflect the anticip rel contribut of the parti with regard to the exclud channel after such launch , and ( b ) the includ revenu percentag shall not be less than the revenu percentag attribut to the ob/gyn field as of the date of such launch , calcul on the same basi that revenu from the ob/gyn field is calcul by exact on the effect date . 4.3 fee statement and payment . ( a ) monthli and quarterli financi deliver . exact shall on a monthli basi , not later than fifteen ( 15 ) busi day after the end of the month , deliv to pfizer a full suit of perform data , includ product laboratori servic complet , averag sell price per unit , laboratori servic revenu , rebat , net revenu and a detail cost of sale schedul th st sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( consist of collect kit distribut to patient , royalti paid , ship cost , lab oper expens and reagent cost ) . not later than fifteen ( 15 ) busi day after the end of the calendar quarter , exact shall deliv to pfizer a roll sale forecast and an estim , for the remain calendar quarter in the calendar year , of the promot fee as set forth in section 4.2 . ( b ) payment of promot fee . exact , within thirti ( 30 ) day after the end of each calendar quarter of the term , shall deliv to pfizer a consolid report in the form of and contain the inform necessari to confirm the calcul of the promot fee for such calendar quarter , togeth with the underli spreadsheet with respect to such calendar quarter . the promot fee due with respect to such calendar quarter and reflect on the consolid report shall be remit at the time such report is made . 4.4 tax and withhold . it is understood and agre between the parti that ani payment made under thi agreement are exclus of ani valu ad or similar tax ( “ vat ” ) , and that no such vat shall appli to the payment made under thi agreement . in the event ani payment made pursuant to thi agreement becom subject to withhold tax under the law or regul of ani jurisdict , the parti make such payment shall deduct and withhold the amount of such tax for the account of the paye to the extent requir by applic law and such amount payabl to the paye shall be reduc by the amount of tax deduct and withheld . ani such withhold tax requir under applic law to be paid or withheld shall be an expens of , and born sole by , the paye . to the extent that the parti make a payment is requir to deduct and withhold tax on ani payment under thi agreement , the parti make such payment shall pay the amount of such tax to the proper government author in a time manner and promptli transmit to the paye an offici tax certif or other evid of such withhold suffici to enabl the paye to claim such payment of tax . the paye shall provid ani tax form to the parti make such payment that may be reason necessari in order for such parti not to withhold tax or to withhold tax at a reduc rate under an applic bilater incom tax treati . the paye shall use commerci reason effort to provid ani such tax form to the parti make the payment at least thirti ( 30 ) day prior to the due date for ani payment for which the paye desir that the parti make the payment appli a reduc withhold rate . each parti shall provid the other with reason assist to enabl the recoveri , as permit by law , of withhold tax , vat , or similar oblig result from payment made under thi agreement , such recoveri to be for the benefit of the parti bear such withhold tax or vat . notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , ( a ) if an action ( includ ani assign or sublicens of it right or oblig under thi agreement , or ani failur to compli with applic law or file or record retent requir ) by a parti lead to the imposit of withhold tax liabil or vat on the other parti that would not have been impos in the absenc of such action or in an increas in such liabil abov the liabil that would have been impos in the absenc of such action , then the sum payabl by that parti ( in respect of which such deduct or withhold is requir to be made ) shall be increas to the extent necessari to ensur that the other parti sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 receiv a sum equal to the sum which it would have receiv had no such action occur , ( b ) otherwis , the sum payabl by that parti ( in respect of which such deduct or withhold is requir to be made ) shall be made to the other parti after deduct of the amount requir to be so deduct or withheld , which deduct or withheld amount shall be remit in accord with applic law . 4.5 no partnership provis . it is expressli agre that pfizer and exact shall be independ contractor and that the relationship between pfizer and exact shall not constitut a partnership , joint ventur or agenc . the parti agre that the right and oblig under thi agreement are not intend to constitut a partnership or similar arrang that will requir separ report for tax purpos consist with the intent reflect in the forego sentenc and agre that they shall not file ani report , document or other item relat to tax or state or acknowledg to ani tax author that such relationship is a partnership or similar arrang unless requir by applic law . 4.6 payments; currenc . all payment due by one parti to the other parti hereund shall be paid by wire transfer in immedi avail fund from the account or account of a parti and/or it affili to an account or account of the receiv parti and/or it affili design in write by the receiv parti . all amount payabl and calcul hereund shall be in unit state dollar . 4.7 mainten of records; audit . ( a ) record keep . each parti shall keep and shall caus it affili to keep accur book and account of record in connect with ( i ) it market and promot of the product , ( ii ) ( with respect to exact ) perform of product laboratori servic , and ( iii ) it activ under thi agreement and ani annual market plan , in suffici detail to permit accur determin of all figur necessari for verif of ( a ) amount to be paid hereund and ( b ) complianc with the term of thi agreement . each parti shall , and shall caus it affili to , maintain such record for a period of at least three ( 3 ) year after the end of the calendar year to which they pertain . ( b ) financi audit . ( i ) audit right . upon thirti ( 30 ) day prior written notic from a parti ( the “ audit parti ” ) , the other parti ( the “ audit parti ” ) shall permit an independ certifi public account firm of nation recogn stand select by the audit parti and reason accept to the audit parti , to examin , at the audit parti ’ s sole expens , the relev book and record of the audit parti and it affili as may be reason necessari to verifi the accuraci of the report submit by the audit parti in accord with section 3.4 ( d ) , 4.1 ( c ) and 4.3 ( a ) and the payment of promot fee hereund . an examin by the audit parti under thi section 4.6 ( b ) shall occur not more than onc in ani calendar year and shall sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 be limit to the pertin book and record for ani calendar year dure the term end not more than twenty-four ( 24 ) month befor the date of the request . the account firm shall be provid access to such book and record at the audit parti ’ s facil ( i ) in the territori where such book and record are normal kept and such examin shall be conduct dure the audit parti ’ s normal busi hour . the audit parti may requir the account firm to sign a standard non-disclosur agreement befor provid the account firm access to the audit parti ’ s facil or record . upon complet of the audit , the account firm shall provid both pfizer and exact a written report disclos whether the report submit by the audit parti are correct or incorrect , whether the promot fee paid dure the audit period or baselin m & p expens or share m & p expens incur dure the audit period are correct or incorrect , and , in each case , the specif detail concern ani discrep . no other inform shall be provid to the audit parti . the decis of the account firm will be final and unappeal absent manifest error . ( ii ) underpayments/overpay . if such account firm conclud that addit promot fee were due to pfizer , exact shall pay to pfizer an amount equal to the actual promot fee due minu the promot fee paid within thirti ( 30 ) day of the date exact receiv such account ’ s written report so conclud . if such account firm correctli conclud that promot fee paid to pfizer were in excess of the amount properli due , pfizer shall pay or refund to exact an amount equal to the promot fee paid minu the actual promot fee due within thirti ( 30 ) day of the date exact receiv such account ’ s written report so conclud . ( c ) complianc audit . upon thirti ( 30 ) day prior written notic from an audit parti , the audit parti shall permit the audit parti ’ s extern auditor access to ani relev book document , paper , and record of the parti involv ani report deliv pursuant to section 3.2 ( d ) , 3.4 ( d ) and 4.3 ( a ) of thi agreement and the activ perform under thi agreement , if the other parti ha credibl evid that the other parti violat term of thi agreement , includ with respect to product train under section 3 ( e ) . an examin by a parti under thi section 4.6 ( c ) shall ( i ) occur not more than onc in ani calendar year , ( ii ) be limit to the pertin book and record for ani calendar year dure the term end not more than twenty-four ( 24 ) month befor the date of the request and ( iii ) be at the sole expens of the audit parti . the extern auditor of the audit parti shall be provid access to such book and record at the audit parti ’ s facil ( i ) in the territori where such book and record are normal kept and such examin shall be conduct dure the audit parti ’ s normal busi hour . the audit parti may requir ani extern auditor to sign a standard non-disclosur agreement befor provid the account firm access to the audit parti ’ s facil or record . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( d ) confidenti . all financi and other confidenti inform of the audit parti which is subject to review under thi section 4.6 shall be deem to be the audit parti ’ s confidenti inform and , subject to the provis of articl 6 hereof , the audit parti shall not disclos such confidenti inform to ani third parti or use such confidenti inform for ani purpos other than verifi complianc with thi agreement . 5. represent , warranti and coven . 5.1 mutual represent and warranti . each of exact and pfizer herebi repres and warrant to the other parti as of the effect date that : ( a ) it is duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of the jurisdict of it organization; ( b ) the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement by such parti ha been duli author by all requisit action under the provis of it certif of incorpor , bylaw and other organiz document , and doe not requir ani action or approv by ani of it sharehold or other holder of it vote secur or vote interest that ha not been taken; ( c ) it ha the power and author to execut and deliv thi agreement and to perform it oblig hereunder; ( d ) thi agreement ha been duli execut by an appropri repres of such parti and is a legal , valid and enforc against such parti in accord with it terms; ( e ) the execut , deliveri and perform by such parti of thi agreement and it complianc with the term and provis hereof doe not and will not conflict with or result in a breach of or default under ( i ) ani oral or written agreement that bind such parti ’ s oper or properti , includ ani assign , licens agreement , loan agreement , guaranti or financ agreement , ( ii ) the provis of such parti ’ s certif of incorpor , bylaw or other organiz document , or ( iii ) ani order , writ , injunct , decre or judgment of ani court or government author enter against such parti or by which ani of such parti ’ s oper or properti are bound; ( f ) all materi written inform provid by each parti in the virtual data room maintain for the purpos of the propos transact under thi agreement is complet , truth and accur in all materi respects; and ( g ) neither it , nor ani of it affili , nor , to such parti ’ s knowledg , ani of their respect repres ha been debar or suspend under 21 u.s.c . § 335 ( a ) or ( b ) , exclud from a feder health care program , debar from feder contract , or convict of or pled nolo contender to ani feloni , or to ani feder or state legal violat ( includ misdemeanor ) relat to medic devic or fraud ( “ debarred/exclud ” ) . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 5.2 represent and warranti of exact . exact herebi repres and warrant to pfizer as of the effect date that : ( a ) no consent is requir from ani third parti for exact to enter into , or to exercis it right and perform it oblig under , thi agreement; ( b ) in connect with the develop , manufactur and promot of the product , except as would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the promot of the product in the territori , exact ha compli and will continu to compli in all materi respect with applic law , includ the fd & c act , the anti-kickback statut ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7b ) , civil monetari penalti statut ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7a ) , the fals claim act ( 31 u.s.c . § 3729 et seq . ) , compar state statut , the regul promulg under all such statut , and the regul issu by the fda; ( c ) with respect to the develop , manufactur and promot of the product , exact ha not taken and will not take ani action directli or indirectli to offer , promis or pay , or author the offer or payment of , ani money or anyth of valu in order to improperli or corruptli seek to influenc ani govern offici in order to gain an improp advantage; ( d ) in connect with exact ’ s manufactur and promot of product or exact ’ s perform of the product laboratori servic in the territori or directli relat to the transact contempl by thi agreement , except as would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the promot of the product in the territori , ( i ) no written claim , demand , suit , investig or other legal action of ani natur , civil , crimin , regulatori or otherwis , ha been file and receiv by exact , and is pend in ani court , arbitr or govern agenc proceed nor , to the knowledg of exact , ha ani claim , demand , suit , investig or other legal action of ani natur , civil , crimin , regulatori or otherwis been threaten in write , to be file against exact in ani court , arbitr or govern agenc proceeding; and ( ii ) there is no judgment or settlement against or owe by exact; ( e ) exact ha not receiv written notic from ani third parti claim that the manufactur , use , sale or import by or on behalf of exact of the product in the territori or the perform of ani product laboratori servic by or on behalf of exact ( i ) infring ani issu patent or intellectu properti right of such third parti in the territori or ( ii ) will infring ani claim of ani publish patent applic of such third parti in the territori when and if such claim issues; ( f ) to exact ’ s knowledg , the manufactur , use , sale or import by or on behalf of exact of the product in the territori or the perform of ani product laboratori servic by or on behalf of exact ( i ) doe not infring ani issu patent or intellectu properti right of ani third parti in the territori sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 or ( ii ) will not infring ani claim of ani publish patent applic of ani third parti in the territori when and if such claim issues; and ( g ) exact is not present engag in ani discuss with ani third parti with respect to the grant to ani third parti of and doe not current have ani agreement with ani third parti to grant ani right or licens to make , use , import , offer for sale or sell ani product , in the territori , in each case , which would constitut a grant of ex-u commerci right or ob/gyn commerci right . 5.3 coven . ( a ) each parti herebi coven to the other parti that , dure the term in the territori : ( i ) it will immedi remov ani sale repres from have ani respons relat to promot of the product under thi agreement if requir by applic law , includ if such parti determin that such sale repres is debarred/excluded; ( ii ) it will promptli remov ani sale repres from have ani respons relat to the promot of the product under thi agreement if , follow an investig , it is determin that there ha been a signific violat of ani applic law , or the parti ’ s applic compliance/review polici by such sale representative; and ( iii ) it will not knowingli make ani untru or mislead statement or comment about the product . ( b ) pfizer herebi coven to exact that , dure the term in the territori , it , it affili and it sale repres will not ( i ) promot the product outsid of the territori or the co-promot field; or ( ii ) disparag or present in a neg light the product in the perform of it oblig hereunder; provid that noth herein shall be interpret to preclud pfizer from ( a ) describ ani risk of a product set forth in the product label or ( b ) make truth statement about the product to the extent requir by applic law , in connect with ani litig or in respons to ani question , inquiri or request for inform when requir by legal process ( e.g. , a valid subpoena or other similar compuls of law ) or as part of a govern investig . ( c ) exact herebi coven that neither exact nor it affili shall sue pfizer and it affili under ani exact patent right sole with respect to ani activ carri out by pfizer or it affili under , and to the extent in complianc with , thi agreement , includ it and their activ to promot and detail the product in the co-promot field in the territori dure the term of thi agreement and in complianc with thi agreement . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 5.4 complianc with law and ethic busi practic . in addit to the other represent , warranti and coven made by each parti under thi agreement , each parti herebi repres , warrant and coven to the other parti that , dure the term in the territori : ( a ) it is , and will remain dure the term , licens , regist and/or qualifi under applic law to do busi , and ha obtain such licens , consent , author or complet such registr or made such notif as may be necessari or requir by applic law to perform it oblig under thi agreement; ( b ) it will perform it oblig under thi agreement in materi complianc with thi agreement and ani applic annual market plan , it applic compliance/review polici and applic law ( includ the fd & c act , the anti- kickback statut ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7b ) , civil monetari penalti statut ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7a ) , the fals claim act ( 31 u.s.c . § 3729 et seq . ) , compar state statut , the regul promulg under all such statut , and the regul issu by the fda ) ; ( c ) in connect with the activ contempl by thi agreement , to each parti ’ s knowledg , it ha been , and dure the term will be , in complianc with all applic u.s. trade law , includ those relat to , import control , export control , or econom sanctions; ( d ) it will ensur it own complianc with all applic laws; ( e ) with respect to the product and ani payment or servic provid under thi agreement , such parti ha not taken , and dure the term will not take , ani action , directli or indirectli , to offer , promis or pay , or author the offer or payment of , ani money or anyth of valu in order to improperli or corruptli seek to influenc ani govern offici in order to gain an improp advantag , and ha not accept , and will not accept in the futur such payment; ( f ) each parti herebi certifi that it ha implement and will maintain and enforc a complianc and ethic program design to prevent and detect violat of applic law throughout it oper ( includ affili ) and the oper of it repres that have respons for product , payment , or servic provid under the agreement , includ by implement polici and procedur set out rule govern interact with healthcar profession and govern officials; the engag of third parti , and where appropri , due diligence; and the investig , document , and remedi of ani alleg , find , or report relat to a potenti violat of it applic compliance/review polici . such complianc program shall includ at a minimum , complianc offic , complianc committe ( s ) , polici and procedur relat to ( i ) sale , medic , promot and market activ for the product , ( ii ) regular audit and monitor , ( iii ) train sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 on sale , medic , promot and market activ and the relev legal requir regard such activ , ( iv ) method to rais question or concern intern ( e.g. , via a hotlin ) without fear of retribut or retali , ( v ) process for investig and document ani complianc concern or alleg rais , find or report relat to a potenti violat of applic law , and ( vi ) take remedi , correct action and/or disciplinari action , as appropriate; ( g ) ha implement , and will maintain and enforc , a system of intern account control design to ensur the make and keep of fair and accur book , record , and account with respect to product , payment , or servic provid under thi agreement , and regularli monitor and audit it busi activ to ensur complianc with it applic compliance/review polici and the adequaci of intern control , and implement remedi in respons to identifi issues; ( h ) it will ( a ) maintain truth and complet document support , in reason detail , the work perform and ani expens incur in connect with thi agreement and ani product , payment , or servic provid under thi agreement and ( b ) maintain financi book and record that time , fairli , accur , and complet reflect all financi transact , in accord with all applic law ( for exampl , invoic , report , statement , book , and other record ) , and shall maintain such book and record dure the term of the agreement and for three year after final payment ha been made under the agreement; ( i ) it provid , and dure the term will provid , train to repres provid servic in connect with thi agreement; ( j ) everi year of thi agreement that coincid with the term of the corpor integr agreement ( “ cia ” ) enter into on may 23 , 2018 between pfizer and the unit state depart of health and human servic , offic of inspector gener , pfizer will send a letter to exact that : ( a ) summar pfizer ’ s oblig under the cia , ( b ) express pfizer ’ s commit to full complianc with all feder health care program requir , ( c ) describ the pfizer complianc program and ( d ) includ a copi of ( or includ a link to ) pfizer ’ s code of conduct ( refer to as the blue book ) . within thirti ( 30 ) day of receipt of thi letter , exact shall respond in write to the contact inform includ in pfizer ’ s letter that exact shall : ( 1 ) make pfizer ’ s code of conduct and a descript of the pfizer complianc program avail to it employe engag in activ relat to the agreement or ( 2 ) repres to pfizer that it ha and enforc a substanti compar code of conduct and complianc program for it employe who have respons relat to the agreement; and ( k ) with respect to the product and ani payment made or servic provid under thi agreement : sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( i ) in the event that such parti receiv a report of or otherwis becom awar of a potenti violat of it applic compliance/review polici , the parti will perform an investig in accord with it establish polici and procedur and will take all necessari and appropri respons , and correct action , includ disciplinari action ( up to and includ termin of ani employe , contractor , agent , sub-contractor , custom , vendor or other person that the parti believ wa respons ) ; ( ii ) such parti ha implement , and will at all time dure the term maintain , adequ polici and procedur describ the materi and inform that may be distribut or discuss by the parti ’ s sale repres relat to the product and the manner in which such person should handl unsolicit request for inform relat to off-label use of the product , which polici and procedur shall be design to ensur complianc with applic law and regulations; ( iii ) such parti regularli review it applic compliance/review polici as part of it intern process of improv , and , from time to time , benchmark them against the standard of the industry; ( iv ) such parti ha implement , and will at all time dure the term maintain , adequ system , polici , and procedur to screen befor hire and annual thereaft all prospect and current repres conduct activ with respect to the product against ( a ) the list of exclud individuals/ent compil by the offic of the inspector gener in the depart of health and human servic and ( b ) the gener servic administr ’ s list of parti exclud from feder program , which polici and procedur requir each parti ’ s prospect and current repres conduct activ with respect to the product to disclos immedi to the parti that such repres is or may becom debarred/excluded; ( v ) neither parti shall provid fund to the other parti for charit donat to independ chariti that provid financi assist to patient , includ share cost associ with such donations; provid inform to the other parti concern it own such donations; or seek to obtain inform about such donat from the other parti . each parti shall have appropri polici and procedur to ensur that such donat compli with applic law and current govern guidanc , includ without limit guidanc issu by the u.s. depart of health and human servic , offic of inspector gener , and shall oper consist with those polici and procedur . unless a parti doe not and will not make such donat dure the term of the agreement , if a parti doe not have appropri polici and procedur in place on sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 the effect date , the parti must implement such polici and procedur within thirti ( 30 ) day of the effect date . either parti may request copi of such polici and procedur of the other parti in order to confirm complianc with the requir of thi section; ( vi ) certifi that in connect with thi agreement , such parti ’ s compens system for it repres that perform ani market , promot , or sale activ relat to the product is design to ensur that financi incent do not inappropri motiv such repres to engag in improp or illeg promot , sale or market of the product ( includ off-label promot of the product ) , and exclud from incent compens sale that may be attribut to the off-label use of the product; and ( vii ) in connect with thi agreement , each parti ’ s call plan system for it sale repres that call upon health care profession or health care institut for ani promot or sale activ relat to the product is design to ensur that such sale repres do not call upon health care profession or health care institut that are not like to prescrib or use the product for an on-label use . 5.5 notic of investig . each parti shall promptli notifi the other parti in the event that it becom subject to or awar of ani fda or other government author inspect , investig , or other inquiri or a fda warn letter , untitl letter , or other materi government notic or commun relat to the servic or product cover by thi agreement promptli after the parti becom awar of such inspect , investig , inquiri , letter , notic , or commun , except to the extent that the disclos parti ’ s counsel reason believ that such disclosur to the other parti could violat applic law ( includ privaci law ) or have a signific advers impact on the disclos parti ’ s legal posit or defens ( includ the loss of attorney-cli privileg ) with respect to ani such inspect , investig or other inquiri . in the event that the parti determin that disclosur could violat applic law ( includ privaci law ) or have a signific advers impact on the disclos parti ’ s legal posit or defens ( includ the loss of attorney-cli privileg ) , the parti shall promptli notifi the other parti that it is exercis it right not to make such disclosur . 5.6 represent by legal counsel . each parti hereto repres that it ha been repres by legal counsel in connect with thi agreement and acknowledg that it ha particip in the draft hereof . in interpret and appli the term and provis of thi agreement , the parti agre that no presumpt shall exist or be impli against the parti which draft such term and provis . 5.7 no inconsist agreement . neither parti shall enter into ani oral or written agreement or arrang that would be inconsist with it oblig under thi agreement . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 5.8 disclaim . the forego warranti of each parti are in lieu of ani other warranti , express or impli , includ ani impli warranti of noninfring , ani impli warranti of merchant or ani impli warranti of fit for a particular purpos all of which are herebi specif exclud and disclaim . 6. indemnification; limit of liabil and insur . 6.1 indemnif . ( a ) indemnif by exact . exact shall indemnifi , defend and hold pfizer , it affili and their respect repres ( the “ pfizer indemnite ” ) harmless from ani claim , damag , action , liabil , loss , cost and expens , includ attorney ’ fee incur in defend against them , ( hereinaft “ claim ” ) of a third parti aris out of ( a ) the manufactur , market , educ , promot , import or use of the product or the perform of the product laboratori servic by exact or it representatives; ( b ) ani breach by exact of ani of it represent , warranti or oblig under thi agreement; or ( c ) ani neglig or wrong act or omiss of exact; and ( d ) ani alleg patent infring , regardless of direct , contributori or induc , by pfizer , it affili or their respect repres , as a result of the perform of pfizer ’ s oblig under thi agreement; except , in each case ( a ) – ( d ) , to the extent such claim aris out of ani breach by ani pfizer indemnite of ani of it oblig under thi agreement , or ani neglig or wrong act or omiss of ani pfizer indemnite . ( b ) indemnif by pfizer . pfizer shall indemnifi , defend and hold exact , it affili and their respect repres ( the “ exact indemnite ” ) , harmless from ani claim of a third parti , to the extent aris out of ( i ) ani breach by pfizer of ani of it represent , warranti , or oblig under thi agreement or ( ii ) ani neglig or wrong act or omiss of pfizer , except to the extent such claim aris out of ani breach by ani exact indemnite of ani of it oblig under thi agreement , or ani neglig or wrong act or omiss of ani exact indemnitee; provid that in no event shall pfizer have ani oblig to indemnifi exact for ani product liabil claim aris out of bodili injuri or death aris from the use of the product . ( c ) procedur . ( i ) a parti believ that it is entitl to indemnif under section 6.1 ( an “ indemnifi parti ” ) shall give prompt written notif to the other parti ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) of the commenc of ani claim by a third parti for which indemnif may be sought or , if earlier , upon the assert of ani such claim by a third parti ( it be understood and agre , howev , that the failur by an indemnifi parti to give notic of a third parti claim as provid sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 in thi section 6.1 ( c ) shall not reliev the indemnifi parti of it indemnif oblig under thi agreement except and onli to the extent that such indemnifi parti is actual materi prejud as a result of such failur to give notic ) . within thirti ( 30 ) day after deliveri of such notif , the indemnifi parti may , upon written notic thereof to the indemnifi parti , assum control of the defens of such claim with counsel reason satisfactori to the indemnifi parti . if a parti believ that a claim present to it for indemnif is one as to which the parti seek indemnif is not entitl to indemnif under section 6.1 , it shall so notifi the parti seek indemnif . ( ii ) if the indemnifi parti elect to assum the defens of such claim , the indemnifi parti may particip in such defens at it own expense; provid that if the indemnifi parti reason conclud , base on advic from counsel , that the indemnifi parti and the indemnifi parti have conflict interest with respect to such claim , the indemnifi parti shall be respons for the reason fee and expens of counsel to the indemnifi parti sole in connect therewith . ( iii ) the indemnifi parti shall keep the indemnifi parti advis of the statu of such claim and the defens thereof and shall consid recommend made by the indemnifi parti with respect thereto . ( iv ) the indemnifi parti shall not agre to ani settlement of such claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , which shall not be unreason withheld . the indemnifi parti shall not agre to ani settlement of such claim or consent to ani judgment in respect thereof that doe not includ a complet and uncondit releas of the indemnifi parti from all liabil with respect thereto or that impos ani liabil or oblig on the indemnifi parti or advers affect the indemnifi parti without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , which shall not be unreason withheld . 6.2 insur requir . each parti agre to obtain and maintain , dure the term and for five ( 5 ) year after the term , commerci gener liabil insur , includ product liabil insur , with minimum “ a- ” am best rate insur carrier , in each case with limit of not less than five million dollar ( 5,000,000 ) per occurr and in the aggreg . all deductibles/retent will be the respons of the name insur . pfizer and it affili will be an addit insur on exact ’ s commerci gener liabil and product liabil polici , and be provid with a waiver of subrog . to the extent of it culpabl , all coverag of exact will be primari and non-contribut with ani similar insur carri by pfizer . notwithstand ani provis of thi section 6.2 to the contrari , pfizer may meet it oblig under thi section 6.2 through self-insur . sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 neither parti ’ s insur will be constru to creat a limit of liabil with respect to it indemnif oblig under thi section 6 . 6.3 limit of liabil . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , except for ( a ) indemnif oblig of a parti under section 6.1 , ( b ) a breach of section 7 by a parti or ( c ) the will misconduct or gross neglig of a parti , neither parti nor ani of it affili shall be liabl to the other parti or ani of it affili for ani special , punit , indirect , incident or consequenti damag , includ lost profit , lost revenu or penalti aris from or relat to ani breach of thi agreement , regardless of ani notic of the possibl of such damag . 7. confidentiality; public . 7.1 confidenti . except to the extent expressli author by thi agreement or otherwis agre in write , the parti agre that , for the term of thi agreement and for five ( 5 ) year thereaft , each parti ( the “ receiv parti ” ) , receiv ani confidenti inform of the other parti ( the “ disclos parti ” ) hereund shall keep such confidenti inform confidenti and shall not publish or otherwis disclos or use such confidenti inform for ani purpos other than as provid for in thi agreement . “ confidenti inform ” mean ani technic , scientif , regulatori , commerci , busi or other inform provid by or on behalf of the disclos parti to the receiv parti pursuant to thi agreement or otherwis relat to or disclos dure ani transact contempl herebi ( includ inform disclos prior to the effect date under a confidenti agreement in contempl of thi agreement ) , includ inform relat to the term of thi agreement or the product , and the scientif , regulatori or busi affair or other activ of either party; provid that , confidenti inform shall not includ ani inform that the receiv parti can establish : ( a ) wa alreadi known to the receiv parti ( other than under an oblig of confidenti ) , at the time of disclosur by the disclos parti and such receiv parti ha documentari evid to that effect; ( b ) wa gener avail to the public or otherwis part of the public domain at the time of it disclosur to the receiv party; ( c ) becam gener avail to the public or otherwis part of the public domain after it disclosur or develop , as the case may be , and other than through ani act or omiss of a parti in breach of thi confidenti obligation; ( d ) wa disclos to that parti , other than under an oblig of confidenti , by a third parti who had no oblig , directli or indirectli , to the disclos parti , not to disclos such inform to others; or sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( e ) wa independ discov or develop by or on behalf of the receiv parti without the use of the confidenti inform belong to the other parti and the receiv parti ha documentari evid to that effect . 7.2 author disclosur and use . ( a ) disclosur . notwithstand the forego section 7.1 , each parti may disclos to third parti confidenti inform belong to the other parti to the extent such disclosur is reason necessari to : ( i ) prosecut or defend litig , ( ii ) exercis or enforc right hereunder; provid that such disclosur is cover by term of confidenti no less stringent than those set forth herein , and ( iii ) compli with inquir by a government author or subpoena issu by a government author or a court of compet jurisdict . in the event a parti shall deem it necessari to disclos pursuant to thi section 7.2 confidenti inform belong to the other parti , the disclos parti shall to the extent possibl give reason advanc notic of such disclosur to the other parti and take reason measur to ensur confidenti treatment of such inform . ( b ) use . notwithstand the forego section 7.1 , dure the term , each parti shall have the right to use the other parti ’ s confidenti inform in carri out it respect respons under thi agreement . 7.3 certain regulatori file . either parti may disclos the term of thi agreement to the extent requir , in the reason opinion of such parti ’ s legal counsel , to compli with applic law , includ the rule and regul promulg by the unit state secur and exchang commiss or by ani stock exchang or regulatori bodi to which the parti is subject . befor disclos thi agreement or ani of the term hereof pursuant to thi section 7.3 , the parti will consult with one anoth regard the term in thi agreement to be redact in make ani such disclosur . if a parti disclos thi agreement or ani of the term hereof in accord with thi section 7.3 , such parti agre , at it own expens , to seek confidenti treatment of portion of thi agreement or such term , as may be reason request by the other parti . 7.4 public announc . the parti shall agre upon a joint press releas to announc the execut of thi agreement , a copi of which is attach as exhibit 7.4.neither parti shall issu ani news releas or other public announc relat to thi agreement except as set forth in exhibit 7.4 , includ ani of it term , or to the perform of either parti hereund , without the prior written approv of the other party; provid that noth in thi agreement shall prohibit exact from make requir disclosur or file requir by applic law or by the rule sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 and regul of ani secur exchang . onc the text or substanc of ani announc ha been so approv , it may be repeat without further approv . 7.5 use of name . except as describ in thi agreement and as may be requir by applic law , neither parti shall distribut or have distribut ani public or inform which bear the name of the other without the prior written approv of the other . 8. term and termin . 8.1 term . thi agreement shall be effect as of the effect date and shall continu in effect through decemb 31 , 2021 and ani renew term ( the “ term ” ) , unless termin earlier as set forth herein . 8.2 renew . thi agreement may be renew for an addit one year term ( “ renew term ” ) upon mutual written agreement of the parti . nineti ( 90 ) day prior to the begin of the renew term , or as far in advanc as practic if the parti agre to a renew term less than nineti ( 90 ) day prior the commenc of such renew term , the parti shall agre to a baselin laboratori servic revenu , baselin m & p expens and share m & p expens for the renew term . all other term of thi agreement shall remain the same through the renew term . 8.3 termin for caus . thi agreement may be termin at ani time by either parti effect : ( a ) upon thirti ( 30 ) day prior written notic if the other parti fail to make the requir invest pursuant to section 3.5 or 3.6 , as applic , or pay ani amount properli due under thi agreement; provid that neither parti may termin if the failur of the other parti to meet the invest requir under section 3.5 or 3.6 , as applic , is de minimi or not material; provid , further , that ani such termin shall onli becom effect if the allegedli breach parti fail to remedi or cure such breach or default prior to the end of such thirti ( 30 ) day period . if , prior to the end of such thirti ( 30 ) day period , the allegedli breach parti remedi or cure such breach or default to the reason satisfact of the non-breach parti , thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect; ( b ) upon sixti ( 60 ) day prior written notic if the other parti materi breach it represent , warranti or oblig under thi agreement; provid , howev , that ani such termin shall onli becom effect if the allegedli breach parti fail to remedi or cure such breach or default prior to the end of such sixti ( 60 ) day period . if , prior to the end of such sixti ( 60 ) day period , the allegedli breach parti remedi or cure such breach or default to the reason satisfact of the non-breach parti , thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect; sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 ( c ) immedi upon the file or institut of bankruptci , reorgan , liquid or receivership proceed , or upon an assign of a substanti portion of the asset for the benefit of creditor by the other party; provid , howev , that in the case of ani involuntari bankruptci proceed such right to termin shall onli becom effect if the parti consent to the involuntari bankruptcy; or ( d ) immedi upon notic to the other parti , if such parti ( the “ violat parti ” ) is convict of violat ani applic law , includ applic anti-corrupt law , briberi and corrupt of public offici as well as privat person and entiti , in connect with it activ under thi agreement and such violat materi advers affect the abil of either parti to perform it oblig under thi agreement . the violat parti shall be liabl for damag or remedi as provid by law . 8.4 termin without caus . after the date that is eighteen ( 18 ) month after the effect date , either parti may termin thi agreement upon six ( 6 ) month prior written notic to the other parti . 8.5 mutual termin . thi agreement may be termin at ani time by mutual written consent of the parti . 8.6 termin for chang of control . thi agreement may be termin by either parti upon six ( 6 ) month written notic follow a chang of control of exact; provid that such notic is given within thirti ( 30 ) day of the consumm of such chang of control . 8.7 royalti upon expir . after the expir of the term or termin pursuant to section 8.4 by either parti or section 8.6 by exact , base on cumul increment laboratori servic revenu achiev dure the term or up to the termin date , exact agre to pay pfizer the applic royalti payment set forth below for twelv ( 12 ) consecut calendar quarter follow the expir of the term ( the “ tail period ” ) ; provid , howev , the tail period shall be reduc to the number of full calendar quarter complet dure the term if less than twelv ( 12 ) calendar quarter if either parti termin the agreement without caus pursuant to section 8.4 or exact termin as a result of a chang of control pursuant to section 8.6. such royalti payment shall be payabl to pfizer within thirti ( 30 ) day of the end of each calendar quarter . royalti payment shall be determin by multipli the laboratori servic revenu and the applic royalti rate from the chart below . cumul increment laboratori servic revenu dure the term applic royalti rate if < 200 million 0 if > 200 million and < 400 million 1 if > 400 million and < 600 million 2 if > 600 million 3 sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 for exampl , if the cumul increment laboratori servic revenu achiev dure the term is 500 million , the applic royalti rate is 2. the royalti payabl by exact to pfizer at the end of each calendar quarter after the term is 2 of laboratori servic revenu for the applic calendar quarter . 8.8 consequ of termin . ( a ) in the event of ani termin under thi agreement , ( i ) pfizer shall have no oblig to invest share m & p expens pursuant to section 3.5 as of the effect date of the termin ( except as set forth below ) , ( ii ) pfizer shall ceas to make ani commit under section 3.2 ( d ) as of the date of notic of termin , unless exact notifi pfizer pursuant to section 8.8 ( b ) and ( iii ) neither parti shall have ani oblig to reimburs the other parti for ani expens for activ conduct after the effect date of such termin unless such expens were incur prior to termin . notwithstand the abov , exact agre to pay ani financi commit made by pfizer pursuant to section 3.2 ( d ) and exhibit 3.2 ( d ) to third parti follow the effect date of termination; provid that such amount conform with the then-curr annual market plan , includ the budget . ( b ) exact shall use commerci reason effort to provid six ( 6 ) month notic prior to the expiri of the term , or in the case of termin by pfizer under section 8.4 , within the applic notic period in advanc of the effect date of such termin , that exact intend for pfizer to continu provid advertis servic for the product pursuant to section 3.2 ( d ) . thereaft , the parti will use good faith effort to agre to the advertis servic that will be provid by pfizer dure the tail period in accord with section 3.2 ( d ) and exhibit 8.8 ( b ) . for clariti , pfizer ’ s oblig to provid advertis servic dure the tail period is limit to the expiri of the term or termin by pfizer pursuant to section 8.4 , or termin by exact pursuant to section 8.3 . ( c ) in the event exact termin thi agreement for caus pursuant to section 8.3 or pfizer termin thi agreement without caus pursuant to section 8.4 , exact shall not be oblig to pay pfizer a supplement promot fee pursuant to section 4.2 ( c ) for the calendar year , or ani portion of such calendar year in which such termin occur . 8.9 surviv of certain oblig . expir or termin of the agreement shall not reliev the parti of ani oblig accru befor such expir or termin , and the provis of section 1 ( definit ) , 2.5 ( allianc manag ) , 3.2 ( d ) ( advertis ) , 3.2 ( e ) ( iii ) ( return of train materi ) , 3.2 ( j ) ( custom servic activities; safeti report ) , 4.4 ( tax and withhold ) ; 4.7 ( mainten of records; audit ) , 6 ( indemnification; limit of liability; insur ) , 7 ( confidentiality; public ) ; 8 ( term and termin ) and 9 ( miscellan ) inclus , shall surviv the expir of the agreement . ani expir or earli termin of thi agreement shall be without prejudic to the sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 right of either parti against the other accru or accru under thi agreement befor termin . 9. miscellan . 9.1 interpret . except where the context expressli requir otherwis , ( a ) the use of ani gender herein will be deem to encompass refer to either or both gender , and the use of the singular will be deem to includ the plural ( and vice versa ) , ( b ) the word “ includ ” , “ includ ” and “ includ ” will be deem to be follow by the phrase “ without limit ” , ( c ) the word “ will ” will be constru to have the same mean and effect as the word “ shall ” , ( d ) ani refer herein to ani person will be constru to includ the person ’ s successor and assign , ( e ) the word “ herein ” , “ hereof ” and “ hereund ” , and word of similar import , will be constru to refer to thi agreement in it entireti and not to ani particular provis hereof , ( f ) all refer herein to section or exhibit will be constru to refer to section or exhibit of thi agreement , and refer to thi agreement includ all exhibit hereto , ( g ) the word “ notic ” mean notic in write ( whether or not specif state ) and will includ notic , consent , approv and other written commun contempl under thi agreement , ( h ) provis that requir a parti , the parti or ani committe hereund to “ agre , ” “ consent ” or “ approv ” or the like will requir that such agreement , consent or approv be specif and in write , whether by written agreement , letter , approv minut or otherwis ( but exclud text and instant messag ) , ( i ) refer to ani specif law , rule or regul , or articl , section or other divis thereof , will be deem to includ ani amend thereto or ani replac or successor law , rule or regul thereof , and ( j ) the term “ or ” will be interpret in the inclus sens commonli associ with the term “ and/or. ” 9.2 assign . thi agreement may not be assign or otherwis transfer , nor may ani right or oblig hereund be assign or transfer , by either parti without the prior written consent of the other parti . notwithstand the forego , either parti may , without consent of the other parti , assign thi agreement and it right and oblig hereund in whole or in part to an affili of such parti , or in whole to it successor in interest in connect with the sale of all or substanti all of it stock or it asset to which thi agreement relat , or in connect with a merger , acquisit or similar transact . ani attempt assign not in accord with the forego shall be null and void and of no legal effect . ani permit assigne shall assum all assign oblig of it assignor under thi agreement . the term and condit of thi agreement shall be bind upon , and shall inur to the benefit of , the parti and their respect successor and permit assign . 9.3 further action . each parti agre to execut , acknowledg and deliv such further instrument , and to do all such other act , as may be necessari or appropri in order to carri out the purpos and intent of the agreement . 9.4 forc majeur . each parti will be excus from the perform of it oblig under thi agreement to the extent that such perform is prevent by forc sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 majeur ( defin below ) and the nonperform parti promptli provid notic of the prevent to the other parti . such excus will be continu so long as the condit constitut forc majeur continu and the nonperform parti take commerci reason effort to remov the condition; provid that if ani delay in perform due to forc majeur continu for a period of six ( 6 ) month or more , then the other parti will have the right to termin thi agreement immedi upon written notic . for purpos of thi agreement , “ forc majeur ” will includ condit beyond the control of the parti , includ an act of god , voluntari or involuntari complianc with ani regul , law or order of ani govern , war , act of terror , civil commot , labor strike or lock-out , epidem , failur or default of public util or common carrier , destruct of product facil or materi by fire , earthquak , storm or like catastroph . 9.5 notic . all notic and other commun requir or permit hereund ( includ ani notic of forc majeur , breach , termin , chang of address , etc . ) shall be in write and will be deem given ( a ) upon receipt if deliv person or by facsimil transmiss ( receipt verifi ) , ( b ) five ( 5 ) day after be deposit in the mail if mail by regist or certifi mail ( return receipt request ) postag prepaid or ( c ) on the next busi day if sent by overnight deliveri use a nation recogn express courier servic and specifi next busi day deliveri ( receipt verifi ) , and will be sent to the parti at the follow address or facsimil number , as applic , ( or at such other address or facsimil number for a parti as will be specifi by like notice; provid , howev , that notic of a chang of address will be effect onli upon receipt thereof ) : all correspond to pfizer shall be address as follow : pfizer inc. 235 east 42nd street new york , new york 10017 attn : gener counsel fax : ( 212 ) 309-0874 with a copi to : pfizer inc. 235 east 42 street new york , new york 10017 attn : region presid , north america , intern medicin and pfizer inc. 235 east 42 street new york , new york 10017 attn : chief counsel , intern medicin all correspond to exact shall be address as follow : nd nd sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 exact scienc corpor 441 charmani drive madison , wisconsin 53719 attn : gener counsel fax : ( 608 ) 284-5701 with a copi to : exact scienc corpor 441 charmani drive madison , wisconsin 53719 attn : ceo 9.6 amend . no amend , modif or supplement of ani provis of thi agreement shall be valid or effect unless made in a write sign by a duli author offic of each parti and deliv to each of the parti . 9.7 waiver . no provis of the agreement shall be waiv by ani act , omiss or knowledg of a parti or it agent or employe except by an instrument in write expressli waiv such provis and sign by a duli author offic of the waiv parti . the failur of either parti to requir the perform of ani term of thi agreement , or the waiver of either parti of ani breach of thi agreement , shall not prevent a subsequ exercis or enforc of such term or be deem a waiver of ani subsequ breach of the same or ani other term of thi agreement . 9.8 sever . if ani claus or portion thereof in thi agreement is for ani reason held to be invalid , illeg or unenforc , the same shall not affect ani other portion of thi agreement , as it is the intent of the parti that thi agreement shall be constru in such fashion as to maintain it exist , valid and enforc to the greatest extent possibl . in ani such event , thi agreement shall be constru as if such claus of portion thereof had never been contain in thi agreement , and there shall be deem substitut therefor such provis as will most nearli carri out the intent of the parti as express in thi agreement to the fullest extent permit by applic law . 9.9 descript head . the descript head of thi agreement are for conveni and refer purpos onli , and shall be of no forc or effect in constru or interpret ani of the provis of thi agreement . 9.10 govern law . thi agreement shall be govern by and interpret in accord with the substant law of the state of new york , without regard to conflict of law principl thereof . 9.11 disput resolut . the parti recogn that a bona fide disput as to certain matter may from time to time aris dure the term of thi agreement that relat to ani parti ’ s right or oblig hereund . in the event of the occurr of ani disput aris out of or relat to thi agreement ( other than a disput jsc sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 matter , which shall be resolv as provid in section 2.1 , a disput joc matter , which shall be resolv as provid in section 2.2 and disput jrc matter , which shall be resolv as provid in section 2.3 ) , includ ani question regard it exist , valid or termin ( a “ disput ” ) , ani parti may , by written notic to the other , have such disput refer to their respect senior offic or such senior offic ’ s designe , for attempt resolut by good faith negoti within thirti ( 30 ) day after such notic is receiv . ani negoti regard a disput are confidenti and shall be treat as compromis and settlement negoti for purpos of the u.s. feder rule of evid and ani similar rule of evid . 9.12 entir agreement of the parti . thi agreement constitut and contain the complet , final and exclus understand and agreement of the parti and cancel and supersed ani and all prior negoti , correspond , understand and agreement , whether oral or written , among the parti respect the subject matter hereof and thereof . 9.13 independ contractor . both parti are independ contractor under thi agreement . noth herein contain shall be deem to creat an employ , agenc , joint ventur or partnership relationship between the parti hereto or ani of their agent or employe , or ani other legal arrang that would impos liabil upon one parti for the act or failur to act of the other parti . neither parti shall have ani express or impli power to enter into ani contract or commit or to incur ani liabil in the name of , or on behalf of , the other parti , or to bind the other parti in ani respect whatsoev . neither parti shall have ani respons for the hire , termin , compens or benefit of the other parti ’ s employe . 9.14 no legal advic . each parti acknowledg and agre that the other parti and the other parti ’ s attorney are not repres such parti dure the cours of or in connect with ani activ under thi agreement and that , unless otherwis expressli agre in write by the other parti ’ s attorney , ani opinion express by the other parti or the other parti ’ s attorney with respect to ani market or promot materi or the activ of either parti under thi agreement shall not be consid to be legal advic regardless of whether or not relat to a legal or regulatori matter . 9.15 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in two ( 2 ) counterpart , each of which will be an origin and both of which will constitut togeth the same document . counterpart may be sign and deliv by facsimil or digit file , each of which will be bind when receiv by the applic parti . ( remaind of page intent left blank ) sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018 in wit whereof , duli author repres of the parti have duli execut thi agreement to be effect as of the effect date . pfizer inc. exact scienc corpor by /s/ michael gladston by /s/ kevin conroy name : michael gladston name : kevin conroy titl : global presid , intern medicin titl : chairman & chief execut offic pfizer innov health signatur page sourc : exact scienc corp , 8-k , 8/22/2018