exhibit 10.1 certain portion of thi exhibit have been omit pursuant to rule 601 ( b ) ( 10 ) of regul s-k. the omit inform is ( i ) not materi and ( ii ) would like caus competit harm to the compani if publicli disclos . inform that ha been omit ha been note in thi document with a placehold identifi by the mark “ [ ] ” . execut copi promot agreement by and between siga technolog , inc. and meridian medic technolog , inc. , a pfizer compani sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 tabl of content page articl 1 definit articl 2 grant of right 2.1 grant of right to mmt 2.2 neg coven 2.3 non-compet coven 2.4 retain right 2.5 no impli licens 2.6 [ ] articl 3 govern 3.1 joint steer committe 3.2 good faith 3.3 scope of govern articl 4 promot and other commerci 4.1 promot in the territori 4.2 dilig 4.3 custom contract 4.4 regulatori matter 4.5 discontinu countri articl 5 forecast and order 5.1 product forecast 5.2 purchas order 5.3 deliveri 5.4 suppli limit 5.5 suppli penalti 5.6 advers event report articl 6 payment 6.1 promot fee 6.2 payment 6.3 currenc 6.4 record 6.5 audit 6.6 block payment and indemnif 6.7 sourc of recoveri 6.8 tax articl 7 intellectu properti 7.1 ownership of siga intellectu properti 7.2 intellectu properti mainten 7.3 new patent and trademark -i- sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 tabl of content ( continu ) page articl 8 represent and warranties; coven 8.1 mutual represent and warranti 8.2 addit represent , warranti and coven of siga 8.3 addit represent and warranti of mmt 8.4 coven 8.5 no other represent or warranti articl 9 indemnif 9.1 indemnif by siga 9.2 indemnif by mmt 9.3 indemnif procedur 9.4 insur 9.5 limit of liabil articl 10 confidenti 10.1 confidenti 10.2 author disclosur 10.3 technic public 10.4 publicity; term of agreement 10.5 prior confidenti agreement 10.6 return of confidenti inform 10.7 unauthor use 10.8 exclus properti articl 11 term and termin 11.1 term 11.2 termin for caus 11.3 termin upon certain chang of control 11.4 termin for failur to [ ] 11.5 termin for conveni 11.6 effect of termin 11.7 surviv articl 12 disput resolut 12.1 execut offic resolut 12.2 govern law 12.3 jurisdict 12.4 no juri trial articl 13 miscellan 13.1 entir agreement; amend 13.2 forc majeur -ii- sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 tabl of content ( continu ) .3 notic 13.4 no strict construction; interpretation; head 13.5 assign 13.6 perform by affili 13.7 further assur and action 13.8 sever 13.9 no waiver 13.10 relationship of the parti 13.11 english languag 13.12 counterpart 13.13 schedul 13.14 expens exhibit a permit subcontractor exhibit b busi plan exhibit c siga press releas schedul 1 siga patent schedul 2 siga trademark schedul 3 safeti report requir schedul 8.2 ( b ) encumbr -iii- sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 promot agreement thi promot agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) is enter into as of may 31 , 2019 ( the “ effect date ” ) by and between siga technolog , inc. , a delawar corpor have an address at 31 east 62nd street , new york , ny 10065 ( “ siga ” ) , and meridian medic technolog , inc. , a pfizer compani , and delawar corpor have an address at 6350 steven forest road , suit 301 , columbia , md 21046 ( “ mmt ” ) . siga and mmt are sometim refer to individu as a “ parti ” and collect as the “ parti ” . recit wherea , siga develop the fda-approv oral capsul formul of tpoxx® ( tecovirimat ) for the treatment of smallpox; wherea , mmt possess resourc and expertis in the market , promot , advertis , offer for sale and sell of pharmaceut and antivir products; and wherea , mmt desir to obtain from siga , and siga desir to grant to mmt certain exclus licens in the territori to market , promot , advertis , offer for sale and sell the product in the field in the territori , as set forth herein . now , therefor , in consider of the forego premis and the mutual promis , coven and condit contain in thi agreement , the parti herebi agre as follow : articl 1 definit “ activ countri ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.4 ( b ) . “ affili ” mean , with respect to each parti , ani corpor , firm , partnership or other entiti or person which directli or indirectli control or is control by or is under common control with that parti . a person will be regard as in “ control ” ( includ , with correl mean , the term “ control by ” and “ under common control with ” ) of anoth person if it ( a ) own or control at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti secur of the subject person entitl to vote in the elect of director , or ( b ) possess , directli or indirectli , the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag or polici of ani such person ( whether through ownership of secur or other ownership interest , by contract or otherwis ) . “ allianc manag ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( d ) . “ anti-corrupt law ” mean ani applic law of ani jurisdict concern or relat to briberi , kickback or corrupt includ the unit state foreign corrupt practic act of 1977 , the anti-kickback statut , the uk briberi act 2010 , ani law enact pursuant to the oecd convent on combat briberi of foreign public offici , and other similar anti-corrupt legisl in other jurisdict , as may be amend from time to time and each to the extent applic to a parti . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ audit report ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.5 . “ bankruptci code ” mean , as applic , the u.s. bankruptci code , as amend from time to time , and the rule and regul and guidelin promulg thereund or the bankruptci law of ani other countri or government author , as amend from time to time , and the rule and regul and guidelin promulg thereund . “ bind portion of forecast ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.1 ( a ) . “ busi day ” mean ani day other than a day on which the commerci bank in new york citi are author or requir to be close . “ busi plan ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.1 ( a ) . “ calendar quarter ” mean a period of three ( 3 ) consecut month end on the last day of march , june , septemb , or decemb , respect , except that the first calendar quarter of the term shall commenc on the effect date and end on june 30 , 2019 and the last calendar quarter shall end on the last day of the term . “ calendar year ” mean a period of twelv ( 12 ) consecut month begin on januari 1 and end on decemb 31 , except that the first calendar year of the term shall commenc on the effect date and end on decemb 31 of the year in which the effect date occur and the last calendar year of the term shall commenc on januari 1 of the year in which the term end and end on the last day of the term . “ chang of control ” mean , with respect to either parti , [ ] . “ claim ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . “ commerci ” mean to promot , distribut , obtain price approv and reimburs approv , import , export and/or conduct other commerci activ , and “ commerci ” mean commerci activ relat to a product , includ ani and all activ relat to promot , distribut , obtain price approv and reimburs approv , import and export . “ commerci ” or “ commerci ” shall expressli exclud “ develop ” or “ develop ” . “ commerci reason effort ” mean , with respect to the effort to be expend by ani person with respect to ani object , reason , dilig and good faith effort to accomplish such object . with respect to the promot or other exploit of the product , “ commerci reason effort ” mean [ ] . “ compet product ” mean [ ] . “ complianc commun ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.2 ( x ) ( i ) . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ confidenti inform ” of a parti mean ( a ) ani and all inform of such parti or it affili that is provid or disclos by such parti or it affili to the other parti or it affili under thi agreement , whether in oral , written , graphic , or electron form , and ( b ) the term of thi agreement . “ control ” mean , with respect to ani materi , know-how , or intellectu properti right , that a parti ( a ) own or ( b ) ha a licens ( other than a licens grant to such parti under thi agreement ) or other right to such materi , know-how , or intellectu properti right , and in each case , ha the abil to grant to the other parti access , a licens , sublicens or other right ( as applic ) to the forego on the term and condit set forth in thi agreement without violat the term of ani then-exist agreement or other arrang with ani third parti . “ credit amount ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.1 ( b ) . “ custom ” mean a third parti that ha enter into a custom contract with mmt . “ custom contract notic ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.3 ( b ) . “ custom contract ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.3 ( a ) . “ deliveri date ” shall mean the date set forth in each purchas order by which siga is to deliv the product order thereund , which date shall not be ani earlier than the correspond lead time set forth in the applic purchas order . “ develop ” or “ develop ” mean ani and all activ relat to research or develop ( includ synthes , screen , test or evalu ) , prepar and conduct non-clin studi , prepar and conduct clinic studi , and conduct certain regulatori activ ( includ prepar of regulatori applic ) that are necessari or use to obtain and maintain regulatori approv of the product in ani countri in the territori . “ develop ” or “ develop ” may includ “ manufactur ” or “ manufactur ” but shall expressli exclud “ commerci ” or “ commerci ” . “ discontinu countri ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.2 . “ dollar ” or “ ” mean u.s. dollar . “ ema ” mean the european medicin agenc or ani successor entiti . [ ] “ eu ” mean the econom , scientif and polit organ of member state of the european union as it may be constitut from time to time , which as of the effect date consist of austria , belgium , bulgaria , croatia , cypru , the czech republ , denmark , estonia , finland , franc , germani , greec , hungari , ireland , itali , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , the netherland , poland , portug , romania , slovakia , slovenia , spain , sweden , and the unit kingdom . for clariti , the eu will at all time be deem to includ the unit kingdom , whether or not the unit kingdom remain a member state of the eu . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ execut offic ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( e ) . “ expand field ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( c ) . “ fd & c act ” mean the u.s. feder food , drug , and cosmet act , as amend . “ fda ” mean the u.s. food and drug administr or ani successor entiti . “ field ” mean [ ] . “ final audit report ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.5 . “ final report ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.2 ( b ) . “ first commerci sale ” mean the date of the first sale of the product in the field in a countri in the territori to a third parti for monetari valu and for end use , includ stockpil , administr , or other consumpt of the product in the field in such countri in the territori . “ gcp ” mean the then-curr standard , practic and procedur promulg or endors by the fda as set forth in the guidelin entitl “ guidanc for industri e6 good clinic practic : consolid guidanc , ” includ relat regulatori requir impos by the fda and , as applic , compar regulatori standard , practic and procedur promulg by the ema or other regulatori author , as such standard , practic and procedur may be updat from time to time , includ applic qualiti guidelin promulg under the ich q7 . “ global trade control law ” mean the u.s. export administr regul , the u.s. intern traffic in arm regulations; the u.s. econom sanction rule and regul implement under statutori author and/or the presid 's execut order and administ by the u.s. depart of the treasuri offic of foreign asset control; eu council regul on export control , includ no.428/2009; other eu council sanction law and regul , as implement in eu member state and enforc by eu member state author , includ her majesti ’ s treasuri in the unit kingdom; unit nation sanction policies; all relev regul and legisl instrument made under ani of the above; other relev econom sanction , export and import control law , and other law , regul , legisl , order and requir impos by a relev government author . “ glp ” mean the then-curr good laboratori practic standard promulg or endors by the fda as defin in 21 c. f. r. part 58 , and , as applic , compar regulatori standard promulg by the ema or other regulatori author , as such standard may be updat from time to time , includ applic qualiti guidelin promulg under the ich . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ gmp ” mean the standard relat to current good manufactur practic for fine chemic , activ pharmaceut ingredi , intermedi , bulk product or finish pharmaceut product set forth in ( i ) 21 u.s. c. 351 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( b ) , in fda regul at 21 c. f. r. part 210 and 211 and , as applic , in the rule govern medicin product in the european commun , volum iv , good manufactur practic for medicin product , or ( ii ) the ich guidelin relat to the manufactur of activ pharmaceut ingredi and finish pharmaceut , as such standard may be updat from time to time , includ applic qualiti guidelin promulg under the ich . “ government author ” mean ani supra-n , multi-n , feder , state , local , municip , provinci or other government author or polit subdivis of ani natur ( includ ani government divis , prefectur , subdivis , depart , agenc , bureau , branch , offic , public-institut , commiss , council , court or other tribun exercis execut , judici , legisl , polic , regulatori , administr or tax author or function of ani natur pertain to govern ) . “ ich ” mean the intern council for harmonis of technic requir for pharmaceut for human use . “ indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.3 . “ indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.3 . “ independ auditor ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.5 . “ initi busi plan ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.1 ( a ) . “ initi term ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.1 . “ jsc ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( a ) . “ know-how ” mean all technic , scientif and other inform , know-how and data , includ trade secret , knowledg , invent , discoveri , method , specif , process , practic , formula , instruct , skill , techniqu , procedur , experi , idea , technic assist , design , draw , assembl procedur , comput program , expertis , technolog , other non-clin , pre-clin and clinic data , document and result ( includ pharmacolog , toxicolog , pharmaceut , biolog , chemic , physic , safeti and manufactur data and result ) , analyt , regulatori and qualiti control data and result , regulatori materi , studi design , protocol , assay , biolog methodolog and other technic inform , in each case , whether or not confidenti , proprietari , patent or patent . “ know-how ” expressli exclud ani patent . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ law ” mean ani law , statut , rule , regul , standard , order , judgment or ordin have the effect of law of ani applic nation , feder , provinci , state , counti , citi , or other polit subdivis , or foreign , supran or multin law , includ ani statut , standard , code , resolut , or promulg , or ani order , writ , judgment , injunct , decre , stipul , rule , determin , or award enter by or with ani government author , or ani licens , franchis , permit , or similar right grant under ani of the forego , or ani similar provis have the forc or effect of law , includ the feder food , drug , and cosmet act ( 21 u.s.c . § 301 , et seq . ) , the anti-kickback statut ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a- 7b ) , the civil monetari penalti statut ( 42 u.s.c . § 1320a-7a ) , the fals claim act ( 31 u.s.c . § 3729 et seq . ) , compar state statut , the regul promulg under all such statut , and the regul issu by the fda , and all applic anti-corrupt law , account and recordkeep law , and law relat to interact with hcp and govern offici . for the avoid of doubt , ani specif refer to ani law or applic law or ani portion thereof shall be deem to includ all then-curr amend thereto or ani replac or successor law , statut , standard , ordin , code , rule , regul , resolut , promulg , order , writ , judgment , injunct , decre , stipul , rule , or determin thereto . “ loss ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . “ manufactur ” or “ manufactur ” mean all activ relat to the manufactur of a compound or product , includ test method develop and stabil test , formul , process develop , manufactur scale-up , manufactur for use in non-clin and clinic studi , manufactur for commerci sale , packag , releas of product , qualiti assurance/qu control develop , qualiti control test ( includ in-process , in-process releas and stabil test ) and releas of product or ani compon or ingredi thereof , and regulatori activ relat to all of the forego . “ manufactur ” or “ manufactur ” may be includ as part of “ develop ” or “ develop ” to the extent applic , but is expressli exclud from “ commerci ” or “ commerci ” . [ ] [ ] “ mmt indemnite ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . “ mmt promot personnel ” ani employe of mmt or it affili and other approv third parti contractor , agent and personnel and permit sublicense , that mmt will assign to conduct promot pursuant to thi agreement . “ net product sale amount ” mean [ ] “ non-compli action ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.2 ( x ) ( ii ) . “ non-promot notic ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.2 . “ notic of disagr ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.5 . “ notic of disput ” ha the mean set forth in section 12.1 ( a ) . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ patent ” mean ( a ) pend patent applic , issu patent , util model and design patent anywher in the world; ( b ) provision , non-provision , reissu , substitut , confirm , registr , valid , re-examin , addit , continu , continu prosecut applic , continuations-in-part , or division of or to ani of the foregoing; ( c ) ani other patent applic claim prioriti to ani of the forego anywher in the world; ( d ) extens , renew or restor of ani of the forego by exist or futur extens , renew or restor mechan , includ supplementari protect certif or the equival thereof; and ( e ) ani foreign equival to ani of the forego . “ pdf ” mean adobe™ portabl document format sent by electron mail . “ permit sublicense ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( b ) . “ person ” mean an individu , sole proprietorship , partnership , limit partnership , limit liabil partnership , corpor , limit liabil compani , busi trust , joint stock compani , trust , incorpor associ , joint ventur or similar entiti or organ , includ a govern or polit subdivis or depart or agenc of a govern or other government author . “ pfizer ” mean pfizer inc. , a delawar corpor . “ potenti new field ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( c ) . “ price and reimburs author ” mean , as applic , the bodi with the author to control , approv , recommend , decid , or otherwis determin price and reimburs of pharmaceut product , includ those with author to enter into risk share scheme or to impos retroact price reduct , discount , or rebat ( includ the nation institut for health and care excel and the scottish medicin consortium in the u.k.; the institut for qualiti and effici in health care in germany; the technic scientif commiss and the price and reimburs committe within the italian medicin agenc in italy; the director gener for the basic portfolio of the nation health and pharmaci system of the ministri of health in spain; the nation union of health insur fund and the nation author of health in france; and health canada in canada ) or non-government author ( includ “ sick fund ” in germani ) ) . “ price approv ” mean the approv , agreement , determin or decis establish price for product that can be charg in countri where government author or their designe control , approv , recommend , decid , or otherwis determin the price of pharmaceut product . “ product ” mean the fda-approv oral formul of tpoxx® ( tecovirimat ) for use in the field , or ani oral formul of tecovirimat for use in the field for which a regulatori author grant drug approv to siga in a countri or jurisdict in the territori . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ promot ” or “ promot ” mean to market , advertis , promot , offer for sale , or sell a product . “ promot fee ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.1 ( a ) . “ purchas order ” shall mean a written purchas order gener by mmt for product to be deliv pursuant to custom contract which includ the inform set forth in section 5.2 ( a ) . “ quarterli collect revenu ” mean net product sale amount that is collect dure the applic calendar quarter . “ quarterli payment ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.2 ( a ) . “ quarterli report ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.2 ( a ) . “ regulatori approv ” mean , with respect to the product in a particular countri in the territori , market author grant by the relev regulatori author permit the market and sale of the product in such countri but exclud ani and all price approv and reimburs approv . “ regulatori author ” mean , in a particular countri , the government author with the author to grant regulatori approv in such countri . “ regulatori materi ” mean ani document compris ani regulatori applic , submiss , notif , commun , correspond , proof of approv or licens , registr , regulatori approv or other file made to , receiv from or otherwis conduct with a regulatori author to develop , manufactur , market , sell or otherwis commerci the product in a particular countri in the territori . “ reimburs approv ” mean the approv , agreement , determin or decis regard the price for product that can be reimburs in jurisdict where the applic price and reimburs author approv , determin or recommend the reimburs of pharmaceut product . “ renew term ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.1 . “ restrict market ” mean , as applic under global trade control law , the crimean peninsula , cuba , iran , north korea , and syria . “ restrict parti ” mean ani individu ( s ) or entiti ( i ) on ani of the follow ( collect refer to herein as the “ restrict parti list ” ) : the list of sanction entiti maintain by the un; the special design nation list and the sector sanction identif list , as administ by the u.s. depart of the treasuri offic of foreign asset control; the u.s. deni person list , the u.s. entiti list , and the u.s. unverifi list , all administ by the u.s. depart of commerce; the entiti subject to restrict measur and the consolid list of person , group and entiti subject to e.u . financi sanction , as implement by the e.u . common foreign & secur policy; the list of exclud individu / entiti , as publish by the u.s. health and human servic - offic of inspector general; ani list of prohibit or debar parti establish under the u.s. feder food drug and cosmet act; the list of person and entiti suspend or debar from contract with the u.s. government; and similar list of restrict parti maintain by the government author of the countri that have jurisdict over the activ conduct under thi agreement . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ restrict parti list ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of restrict parti . [ ] [ ] [ ] “ roll forecast ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.1 ( a ) . “ sec ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.4 ( d ) . “ sell or offer to sell ” mean actual negoti of term of purchas and contract for sale of product in the field in the territori . “ sell parti ” ha the mean set forth in the definit of net product sale amount . “ siga indemnite ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.2 . “ siga intellectu properti ” mean the siga know-how , siga trademark , siga patent and siga invent . “ siga know-how ” mean all know-how that ( a ) is necessari or use for the develop , manufactur or commerci of the product in the field in the territori and ( b ) ( i ) is control by siga or it affili as of the effect date or ( ii ) is or becom control by siga or it affili dure the term . “ siga patent ” mean ani patent that ( a ) claim , gener or specif , the product , or the manufactur or use of the product in the field ( includ it intermedi and relev compound ) and ( b ) ( i ) is control by siga or it affili as of the effect date , which such patent are set forth in schedul 1 hereto , ( ii ) is control by siga or it affili dure the term and claim prioriti to the patent control by siga or it affili as of the effect date , or ( iii ) is or becom control by siga or it affili dure the term . “ siga trademark ” mean ani trademark that ( a ) is necessari for the develop , manufactur or commerci of a product in the field in the territori and ( b ) ( i ) is control by siga or it affili as of the effect date ( which such trademark are set forth in schedul 2 hereto ) or ( ii ) is or becom control by siga or it affili dure the term . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 “ siga ’ s auditor ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.5 . “ south korea ” mean south korea , includ all of it territori and possess . “ special access approv ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.4 ( b ) . “ suppli limit ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.4 . “ suppli term ” mean [ ] . “ term ” ha the mean set forth in section 11.1 . “ territori ” mean all countri and territori in the world other than ( a ) the u.s. , ( b ) south korea , ( c ) ani restrict market , and ( d ) ani discontinu countri and , in the case of ( a ) - ( c ) , each of their respect territori and possess . “ third parti ” mean ani person other than siga or mmt or an affili of either of them . “ tier 1 countri ” mean [ ] . “ tier 2 countri ” mean [ ] . “ tier 3 countri ” mean [ ] . “ tier period ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.2 . “ trademark ” mean ani trademark , servic mark , trade name , brand name , sub-brand name , trade dress , product configur , program name , product name , deliveri form name , certif mark , collect mark , logo , taglin , slogan , design or busi symbol , that function as an identifi of sourc or origin , whether or not regist and all statutori and common law right therein and all registr and applic therefor , togeth with all goodwil associ with , or symbol by , ani of the forego . “ u.s. ” mean the unit state of america , includ all of it territori and possess . “ vat ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.8 ( c ) . “ yearli collect revenu ” mean net product sale amount that is collect dure the applic calendar year . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 articl 2 grant of right 2.1 grant of right to mmt . ( a ) grant to mmt . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , siga herebi grant to mmt an exclus right and licens , with the right to grant sublicens as permit under section 2.1 ( b ) , under the siga intellectu properti sole to promot the product in the field in the territori . the licens grant by siga to mmt under thi section 2.1 ( a ) will be exclus even as to siga with respect to right to promot the product in the field in the territori , except as set forth in section 2.4 below . ( b ) sublicens right . except for the subcontractor appoint by mmt as of the effect date as list on exhibit a attach hereto , mmt may not grant sublicens of the right and licens grant to it in section 2.1 ( a ) to ani affili ( includ pfizer or ani affili of pfizer ) or third parti without the prior written approv of siga ( such approv not to be unreason withheld ) . each such subcontractor list on exhibit a attach hereto and ani affili or third parti approv by siga as an mmt sublicense pursuant to thi section 2.1 ( b ) shall be deem to be a “ permit sublicense ” for purpos of thi agreement . ( c ) potenti new field . from time to time , mmt may request to expand the field in a particular countri in the territori becaus it believ that there is an opportun to promot the product in such new field ( a “ potenti new field ” ) . mmt shall make such request to siga in write . siga will determin whether to approv such potenti new field , base upon avail inform regard the regulatori environ in such countri for such potenti new field , and whether siga will need to seek regulatori approv and price approv and reimburs approv . the parti shall discuss the potenti new field in good faith and upon the mutual written agreement of the parti to proceed with a potenti new field in such countri , such potenti new field shall be deem hereund to be an “ expand field ” for purpos of that countri onli in the territori . 2.2 neg coven . ( a ) mmt will not , and will not permit ani of it affili or sublicense to , use or practic ani siga intellectu properti outsid the scope of the licens grant to it under section 2.1 . ( b ) siga will not , and will not permit ani of it affili or license to , promot the product in the field in the territori , except as set forth in section 2.4 . 2.3 non-compet coven . dure the term , mmt shall not commerci in ani manner ani compet product in the field in ani countri in the territory; provid , howev , the parti herebi acknowledg that the restrict set forth in thi section 2.3 shall not appli to ani affili of mmt ( includ pfizer ) . furthermor , [ ] . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 2.4 retain right . notwithstand anyth herein to the contrari , siga retain the right on behalf of itself and it affili , license or ani third parti to develop , manufactur , suppli , distribut and otherwis commerci the product in field the territori , except that siga may not promot or sell or offer to sell the product in the field in the territori to ani third party; provid that siga may , at it sole cost and discret engag in promot activ regard ( but not enter into ani custom contract in respect of ) the product in support of mmt ’ s effort to promot or sell and offer to sell the product . 2.5 no impli licens . except as explicitli set forth in thi agreement , neither parti will be deem by estoppel or implic to have grant the other parti ani licens or other right to ani intellectu properti of such parti . for clariti , mmt acknowledg and agre that siga ha not grant ani licens to mmt hereund to develop or manufactur the product , and mmt doe not have ani right to commerci the product , other than the licens grant by siga to mmt to promot the product in the field in the territori as set forth in section 2.1 ( a ) . 2.6 [ ] . ( a ) [ ] . articl 3 govern 3.1 joint steer committe . ( a ) format and role . within thirti ( 30 ) day after the effect date , the parti will establish a joint steer committe ( the “ jsc ” ) to govern the activ of the parti with respect to the promot and commerci of the product in the field in the territori pursuant to thi agreement . the role of the jsc is : [ ] ( b ) member . [ ] . ( c ) meet . [ ] . ( d ) allianc manag . [ ] . ( e ) decis make . [ ] . 3.2 good faith . in conduct themselv on ani committe , each repres of either parti , includ the chairperson , will consid dilig , reason and in good faith all input receiv from the other parti , and will use commerci reason effort to reach consensu on all matter befor them . in exercis ani decision-mak author grant to it under thi articl 3 , each parti will conduct it discuss in good faith with a view toward oper for the mutual benefit of the parti and in further of the commerci and promot of the product in the field in the territori . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , neither parti nor ani of their respect affili will be requir to take , or will be penal for not take , ani action that is not in complianc with such parti ’ s ethic busi practic and polici or that such parti reason believ is not in complianc with law . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 3.3 scope of govern . the parti agre not to share or discuss ani confidenti inform beyond the scope of the collabor contempl by thi agreement . each parti acknowledg and agre that the jsc member and particip will receiv confidenti inform in connect with their servic on the jsc . each parti will ensur that it jsc member and it non-vot observ and particip are inform that they should regard all jsc-relat inform as confidenti inform , and are subject to oblig of confidenti and non-disclosur no less stringent than those set forth in articl 10. articl 4 promot and other commerci 4.1 promot in the territori . ( a ) [ ] ( b ) mmt shall use commerci reason effort at it sole cost and expens to promot the product in the field within the territori in accord with the then-curr busi plan; provid that mmt shall not promot ani product within ani restrict market or discontinu countri . ( c ) mmt shall conduct all promot activ in accord with applic law , pfizer polici and practic regard advertis , market , promot and other product-specif commun , and the term of thi agreement . mmt may prepar market , advertis , promot materi and other commun relat to the product for promot use in the field in the territori . all such materi shall be truth and non-mislead , and in complianc with applic law , and subject to review by siga through the jsc; provid that the final decis to use ani approv materi will be at the sole discret of mmt . ( d ) subject to section 4.2 , siga shall provid reason assist to mmt with respect to mmt ’ s conduct of promot activ with respect to the product in the field in the territori as specif set forth in the busi plan , includ provid respons to medic inquiri commun to mmt ’ s sale repres or other external-fac mmt repres or receiv by mmt by letter , phone call or email or other mean of commun , at mmt ’ s sole cost and expense; provid , howev , siga shall sole be respons for the cost and expens associ with the respons to ani medic inquiri . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( e ) mmt will provid appropri ( as determin by mmt in it sole discret ) train ( includ regard complianc with applic law ) of the mmt promot personnel who will be commun with potenti custom about the product . ( f ) subject to section 13.6 , mmt may not use ani subcontractor that is not a permit sublicense to fulfil it oblig under thi agreement . 4.2 dilig . notwithstand anyth herein to the contrari , mmt ’ s commit to use commerci reason effort as set forth herein shall not preclud the suspens or discontinu of the promot of the product in the field in a countri within the territori , if reason appropri , base on the applic of commerci reason effort with respect to the promot of the product in such countri . if mmt doe not document in the busi plan [ ] the product in the field in a countri in the territori ( “ [ ] ” ) for a period of either ( i ) [ ] calendar month after the effect date for tier 1 countri , ( ii ) [ ] calendar month after the effect date for tier 2 countri or ( iii ) [ ] calendar month after the effect date for tier 3 countri ( each such time period set forth in ( i ) - ( iii ) be a “ tier period ” ) , then no later than [ ] busi day after the expir the applic tier period for such countri , siga may provid mmt with written notic [ ] non- [ ] ( a “ non- [ ] notic ” ) in such countri , and upon mmt ’ s receipt of such non- [ ] notic , such countri shall be deem to be a “ discontinu countri ” for purpos of thi agreement . if [ ] , siga shall have the right to design the applic countri as a discontinu countri at ani time thereaft as long as the relev tier period [ ] for the countri ha been met at the time of the non- [ ] notic . siga herebi acknowledg and agre that mmt and it affili make ( and have made ) no represent or warranti , either express or impli , at law or in equiti , that it will be abl to success achiev ani amount of net product sale amount , and siga specif disclaim that it is reli upon or ha reli upon ani such represent or warranti that may have been made by ani individu or entiti . siga acknowledg and agre that mmt and it affili have , and will continu to have , other program that may compet for resourc that may be expend in the promot of the product . except as otherwis set forth in section 2.3 with respect to compet product , noth in thi agreement shall limit or restrict the right of mmt or it affili to develop , make regulatori file , obtain regulatori approv with respect to , or to commerci ani product that is not the product or , with respect to mmt onli , a compet product or to engag in ani busi or other activ . 4.3 custom contract . ( a ) subject to section 2.4 and section 4.3 ( b ) , mmt shall serv as the primari contract parti [ ] . ( b ) [ ] . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 4.4 regulatori matter . ( a ) subject to section 4.4 ( b ) and ( c ) each parti , at it sole cost and expens , will be respons for obtain all regulatori author , permit , licens , and approv requir to carri out it oblig under thi agreement . ( b ) [ ] . ( c ) mmt will provid siga with final copi of ani market , advertis , promot materi and other commun develop pursuant section 4.1 ( c ) , and as soon as reason practic thereaft , siga will be respons for submit on mmt ’ s behalf such materi or other commun to seek to obtain ani approv necessari under applic law for the use of such materi in the territori . ( d ) mmt will promptli notifi siga , and shall provid siga with a copi , of ani inform it receiv regard ani threaten or pend action , inspect or commun by or from ani third parti , includ a regulatori author , which may affect the regulatori statu of the product and will reason cooper with siga in it respons thereto . mmt may choos not to disclos commun , other than commun from regulatori author , to the extent that mmt ’ s counsel reason believ that such disclosur to siga could violat applic privaci law or have a signific advers impact on mmt ’ s legal posit or defens ( includ the loss of attorney-cli privileg ) , in which case mmt shall promptli notifi siga that it is exercis it right not to disclos . 4.5 discontinu countri . for clariti , notwithstand anyth to the contrari set forth herein , upon the design of a countri as a “ discontinu countri ” under thi agreement , siga shall have the right to promot the product in the discontinu countri at it sole discret and cost . upon design of a countri as a “ discontinu countri ” in accord with section 4.2 , mmt shall immedi ceas all promot effort relat to the product in such countri , and siga shall have the sole right to promot the product in such discontinu countri dure and after the term . articl 5 forecast and order 5.1 product forecast . ( a ) [ ] . ( b ) [ ] . 5.2 purchas order . ( a ) [ ] . [ ] . [ ] . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 5.3 deliveri . [ ] . 5.4 suppli limit . [ ] . 5.5 suppli penalti . [ ] . 5.6 advers event report . mmt or it affili will reason cooper with siga to meet applic pharmacovigil and safeti report requir and in the event of a product recal . to facilit pharmacovigil and safeti report , the parti agre that they will follow the procedur describ in schedul 3 safeti report requir , which may be amend from time-to-tim , to ensur that advers event and other safeti inform is identifi , review , and report in a manner that will permit siga to compli with applic law , includ ani report requir with ani applic regulatori author . articl 6 payment 6.1 promot fee . ( a ) in consider for the servic provid by mmt hereund , commenc with the first commerci sale of the product in the territori , mmt shall be entitl to retain a fee ( the “ promot fee ” ) of : ( i ) [ ] of the yearli collect revenu of the product in the territori in each calendar year dure the term if the aggreg net product sale amount for such calendar year are equal to or below [ ] ; and ( ii ) [ ] of the yearli collect revenu of the product in the territori in each calendar year dure the term if the aggreg net product sale amount for such calendar year exceed [ ] . ( b ) in satisfact of mmt ’ s right to the promot fee , mmt shall retain from each payment to siga of the quarterli collect revenu an amount equal to ( i ) [ ] of the quarterli collect revenu in the territori dure such calendar quarter so long as the total net product sale amount in the territori dure the relev calendar year are equal to or below [ ] and ( ii ) [ ] of the quarterli collect revenu in the territori dure such calendar quarter where the total net product sale amount in the territori dure the relev calendar year exce [ ] and ( iii ) ani credit amount . if the net product sale amount in the territori exce [ ] dure ani calendar year after ani quarterli payment ha been made , mmt shall automat accru a credit of [ ] ( the “ credit amount ” ) ( repres the addit [ ] fee that mmt would be entitl to receiv with respect to the first [ ] of the quarterli collect revenu as a result of total net product sale amount in the relev calendar year have [ ] ) , which credit amount will be deduct from futur payment of quarterli collect revenu to siga until the full credit amount is retain by mmt . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 6.2 payment . ( a ) within [ ] day after the conclus of each calendar quarter to occur dure the term , commenc with the first commerci sale of the product in the field in the territori , mmt shall deliv to siga a written report contain the follow inform ( each a “ quarterli report ” ) : [ ] . all such report shall be consid confidenti inform of mmt . concurr with the deliveri of the applic quarterli report , mmt shall pay to siga in dollar by wire transfer of immedi avail fund into an account design by siga in write in advanc of such payment the net result of quarterli collect revenu , minu the correspond promot fee , and minu ani applic credit amount for such calendar quarter ( all amount as calcul in the quarterli report , and the payment of the net result be a “ quarterli payment ” ) . ( b ) upon the expir or termin of thi agreement , mmt shall submit a final written report cover the time period between the date of the last quarterli report submit by mmt and the date of expir or termin of thi agreement ( the “ final report ” ) . the final report shall contain all inform requir to be includ in a quarterli report with respect to the time period between the conclus of the most recent calendar quarter and the date of expir or termin of thi agreement . if mmt owe ani outstand amount to siga as calcul pursuant to such final report , then mmt shall pay to siga in dollar such outstand amount by wire transfer of immedi avail fund into an account design by siga in write in advanc of such payment within [ ] day after deliveri of the final report . if siga owe ani amount relat to ani portion of ani outstand credit amount or otherwis , then siga shall pay such outstand amount to mmt within [ ] day after deliveri of the final report . 6.3 currenc . all sum due under thi agreement shall be payabl in dollar . ani amount in currenc other than dollar shall , for purpos of determin net product sale amount or quarterli collect revenu , be convert to dollar use the [ ] . onc the net product sale amount or quarterli collect revenu payabl in respect of a particular calendar quarter ha been convert into dollar , such amount of dollar shall be use for the purpos of calcul the total net product sale amount and quarterli collect revenu dure the calendar year that includ such calendar quarter . 6.4 record . mmt will keep ( and will ensur that it affili and sublicense keep ) such record as are requir to determin , in accord with u.s. gener accept account principl or intern financi report standard , as applic , and thi agreement and the sum or credit due under thi agreement , includ net product sale amount . mmt will retain all such book , record and account until the later of ( a ) [ ] after the end of the period to which such book , record and account pertain and ( b ) the expir of the applic tax statut of limit ( or ani extens thereof ) , or for such longer period as may be requir by law . mmt will requir it sublicense to provid to it a report detail the forego expens and calcul incur or made by such sublicense , which report will be made avail to siga in connect with ani audit conduct by siga pursuant to section 6.5. sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 6.5 audit . siga may have an independ top four certifi public account , reason accept to mmt ( “ siga ’ s auditor ” ) , have access dure normal busi hour , and upon [ ] busi day ’ prior written notic , to examin onli those record of mmt ( and it affili and sublicense ) as may be reason necessari to determin , with respect to ani calendar year end not more than [ ] befor siga ’ s request , the correct or complet of ani report or payment made under thi agreement; provid , howev , mmt shall not be requir to provid , and neither siga nor siga ’ s auditor shall be entitl to review , the tax return or tax record of mmt or those of it affili and sublicense . the forego right of review may be exercis onli onc per year and onli onc with respect to each period report and payment deliv in accord with section 6.2. report of the result of ani such examin ( each an “ audit report ” ) will be ( a ) limit to detail of ani discrep in mmt ’ s record relat to the product togeth with an explan of the discrep and the circumst give rise to the discrep ( b ) made avail to both parti and ( c ) subject to articl 10. an audit report shall becom final and bind on the parti thirti ( 30 ) day follow mmt ’ s receipt thereof , unless mmt deliv written notic of it agreement thereto ( in which case such audit report shall becom final and bind on the date of deliveri of such notic of agreement ) or written notic of it disagr thereto ( “ notic of disagr ” ) to siga in either case on or prior to such date . if a time notic of disagr is deliv by mmt to siga , then the audit report shall becom final and bind on the parti on the earlier of ( i ) the date mmt and siga resolv in write ani differ they have with respect to the matter specifi in the notic of disagr , and ( ii ) the date all matter in disput are final resolv in write by the independ auditor . dure the thirti ( 30 ) day follow deliveri of a notic of disagr , mmt , siga and siga ’ s auditor shall seek to resolv in write ani differ which they may have with respect to the matter specifi in the notic of disagr . at the end of such thirti ( 30 ) day period , if no resolut ha been reach , mmt and siga shall submit such disput to an independ top four certifi public account other than siga ’ s auditor and reason accept to both parti ( the “ independ auditor ” ) for resolut of all matter which remain in disput which were includ in the notic of disagr , and the independ auditor shall make a final determin with respect thereto ( with it be understood that the parti will request that the independ auditor deliv to the parti it resolut in write not more than 30 day after it engag ) . the independ auditor shall make a determin onli with respect to the matter still in disput and , with respect to each such matter , it determin shall be within the rang of the disput among mmt , siga and siga ’ s auditor . if an audit report as final determin pursuant to thi section 6.5 ( a “ final audit report ” ) conclud that ( i ) addit amount were owe by mmt , mmt will pay the addit amount , or ( ii ) excess payment were made by mmt , siga will reimburs such excess payment , in either case ( ( i ) or ( ii ) ) , within thirti ( 30 ) busi day after the date on which an audit report is deem a final audit report . siga will bear the full cost of the perform of ani such audit , includ the fee of siga ’ s auditor and the independ auditor , unless a final audit report , which cover the entir calendar year , disclos a varianc to the detriment of the audit parti of more than [ ] from the amount of the origin report , royalti or payment calcul , in which case mmt will bear the full cost of the perform of such audit . the result of such audit , includ ani determin made by the independ auditor , will be final , absent manifest error . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 6.6 block payment and indemnif . if either parti util a restrict parti in the activ contempl under thi agreement , without a licens or other author requir by global trade control law or in circumst where reimburs by the non-util parti would violat or creat exposur to advers consequ under global trade law , the non-util parti shall not be respons for ani payment due to the util parti or ani other parti result from the activ involv such restrict parti even if the contractu oblig relat thereto ha alreadi accru . ani and all payment due to such util parti or ani other parti result from such activ involv a restrict parti shall be entir at such util parti ’ s expens . further , if the conduct of ani activ or a transact under thi agreement wa in violat of applic global trade control law for ani reason , such violat parti shall indemnifi the other parti for ani liabil result from such activ or transact , includ ani and all fine and penalti assess to such other parti as a result of such activ or transact . 6.7 sourc of recoveri . ani outstand amount due and payabl by siga pursuant to the term of thi agreement , includ reimburs for suppli penalti pursuant to section 5.5 and ani amount owe to an mmt indemnite pursuant to siga ’ s indemnif oblig in section 9.1 , at mmt ’ s option , can be set-off by mmt from ani quarterli payment until such amount are fulli recovered; provid that ani amount that are subject to a disput properli brought under articl 12 may not be set-off pursuant to thi section 6.7 . 6.8 tax . ( a ) tax on incom . each parti will pay all tax ( includ relat interest and penalti ) impos on it share of incom aris directli or indirectli from the effort of , or the receipt or deem receipt of ani payment by , such parti under thi agreement . ( b ) tax withhold . subject to section 6.8 ( c ) and section 6.8 ( d ) , if ani tax ( includ relat interest and penalti ) are requir to be withheld by or on behalf of mmt with respect to an amount payabl to siga , ( a ) mmt will withhold such tax from such amount , time pay the withheld tax to the proper tax author and furnish reason satisfactori proof of payment to siga; and ( b ) siga will reason assist mmt in it effort to obtain a refund of or credit for such withhold tax in accord with section 6.8 ( c ) . ani amount actual withheld and remit by mmt to a tax author pursuant to thi section 6.8 ( b ) will be treat for all purpos of thi agreement as have been paid to siga . if mmt make a payment without deduct for tax withhold and an amount of tax should have been withheld from such payment , mmt shall be entitl to recov the under withheld tax by an addit withhold from ani amount payabl to siga under thi agreement , and to the extent such recoveri is insuffici , siga shall indemnifi mmt for ani such amount . no amount shall be withheld , or a reduc amount shall be withheld , as applic , if , in accord with section 6.8 ( d ) , a parti that is entitl to a payment time furnish the other parti with the necessari tax form and other document prescrib by law , which shall be in a form reason satisfactori to the parti receiv the document , identifi that the relev payment is exempt from tax or subject to a reduc tax rate . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( c ) vat . it is understood and agre between the parti that the amount of ani payment contempl under thi agreement are exclus of ani valu ad tax , sale tax or ani similar tax ( “ vat ” ) , which shall be ad thereon as applic . where vat is properli ad to a payment made under thi agreement , mmt or siga , as applic , will pay the amount of the vat , if applic , but onli on receipt of a valid tax invoic issu in accord with applic law of the countri in which the vat is chargeabl . ( d ) tax cooper . the parti agre to cooper with one anoth and use reason effort to reduc or elimin tax withhold , vat or similar oblig in respect of royalti , mileston payment , and other amount payabl under thi agreement . siga and mmt will provid each other with ani applic tax form that may be reason necessari in order for the other parti not to withhold tax or to withhold tax at a reduc rate under an applic incom tax treati or pursuant to applic intern law . each parti will provid the other with reason assist to enabl the recoveri , as permit by law , of withhold tax , vat , or similar oblig result from payment made under thi agreement , such recoveri to be for the benefit of mmt or siga , as applic , to the extent it ha compli with the requir of thi section 6.8 in respect of such oblig . articl 7 intellectu properti 7.1 ownership of siga intellectu properti . subject to the licens grant to mmt under section 2.1 , siga shall own and retain all of it right , titl and interest in and to the siga intellectu properti and the goodwil relat to such intellectu properti . 7.2 intellectu properti mainten . siga shall control and be sole respons for , at it sole discret , the file , prepar , prosecut , enforc , mainten and defens of the siga intellectu properti worldwid and all claim and other aspect relat thereto at siga ’ s sole cost and expens , except as set forth in section 7.3 . 7.3 new patent and trademark . for each activ countri , siga shall prosecut ( a ) applic in respect of ani siga patent list on schedul 1 , and ( b ) trademark registr for the siga trademark list on schedul 2 ( or such other trademark in respect of the product as mutual agre by the parti at the jsc ) , in each case ( ( a ) and ( b ) ) , with the appropri government author , provid that there are no trademark which may be substanti similar or patent which may limit patent , and provid further , if siga determin that it is not commerci reason to prosecut such patent and trademark , siga shall consult with mmt in respect of the appropri prosecut strategi in such activ countri . for clariti , ani new patent or trademark file and/or regist , as applic , by siga , pursuant to thi section 7.3 shall be deem a siga patent or a siga trademark , respect , and shall be subject to the grant of right to mmt set forth in section 2.1. siga ’ s oblig to make the file describ in the first sentenc of thi section 7.3 shall not appli with respect to an activ countri if the product is sold in such activ countri pursuant to a special access approv or other regulatori approv , without the need to file for siga patent or siga trademark in such countri . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 articl 8 represent and warranties; coven 8.1 mutual represent and warranti . each parti herebi repres and warrant to the other parti as follow : ( a ) corpor exist . as of the effect date , it is a compani or corpor duli organ , validli exist , and in good stand under the law of the jurisdict in which it wa incorpor or formed; ( b ) corpor power , author and bind agreement . as of the effect date , ( i ) it ha the power and author and the legal right to enter into thi agreement and perform it oblig hereunder; ( ii ) it ha taken all necessari action on it part requir to author the execut and deliveri of thi agreement and the perform of it oblig hereunder; and ( iii ) thi agreement ha been duli execut and deliv on behalf of such parti , and constitut a legal , valid , and bind oblig of such parti that is enforc against it in accord with it term , subject to bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , moratorium or similar law affect or relat to the enforc of creditor ’ right gener , and gener principl of equity; ( c ) no conflict . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement , the perform of such parti ’ s oblig hereund and the licens and sublicens to be grant pursuant to thi agreement ( i ) do not and will not conflict with or violat ani requir of law exist as of the effect date; ( ii ) do not and will not conflict with or violat the certif of incorpor , by-law or other organiz document of such party; and ( iii ) do not and will not conflict with , violat , breach or constitut a default under ani contractu oblig of such parti or ani of it affili exist as of the effect date; ( d ) other right . neither such parti nor ani of it respect affili is a parti to or otherwis bound by ani oral or written contract or agreement that will result in ani other person obtain ani interest in , or that would give to ani other person ani right to assert ani claim in or with respect to , ani of such parti ’ s right under thi agreement; sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( e ) no violat . neither such parti nor ani of it respect affili is under ani oblig to ani person , contractu or otherwis , that is in violat of the term of thi agreement or that would imped the fulfil of such parti ’ s oblig hereunder; and ( f ) no debar . as of the effect date , neither such parti , it respect affili , nor ani of it respect employe , consult or contractor involv in the perform of activ under thi agreement : ( i ) is debar under section 306 ( a ) or 306 ( b ) of the fd & c act or by the analog law of ani regulatori authority; ( ii ) ha , to such parti ’ s knowledg , been charg with , or convict of , ani feloni or misdemeanor within the ambit of 42 u.s. c. §§ 1320a-7 ( a ) , 1320a-7 ( b ) ( l ) - ( 3 ) , or pursuant to the analog law of ani regulatori author , or is propos for exclus , or the subject of exclus or debar proceed by a regulatori authority; ( iii ) is exclud , suspend or debar from particip , or otherwis inelig to particip , in ani u.s. or non-u.s. healthcar program ( or ha been convict of a crimin offens that fall within the scope of 42 u.s. c. §1320a-7 but not yet exclud , debar , suspend , or otherwis declar inelig ) , or exclud , suspend or debar by a government author from particip , or otherwis inelig to particip , in ani govern contract or program , includ procur or non-procur programs; and ( iv ) is a restrict parti or is own or control by a restrict parti . 8.2 addit represent , warranti and coven of siga . siga repres and warrant to mmt as of the effect date , and coven to mmt dure the term , as follow : ( a ) siga patent schedul . schedul 1 set forth a true and complet list of all siga patent own or otherwis control by siga or it affili that relat to the product or it manufactur or use , includ in the case of siga patent that are licens to siga , the name of the owner ( s ) and licensor ( s ) and the agreement ( s ) provid siga with control . ( b ) title; encumbr . except as set forth on schedul 8.2 ( b ) , ( i ) it ha suffici legal or benefici titl , ownership or licens , right , free and clear from ani mortgag , pledg , lien , secur interest , option , condit and instal sale agreement , encumbr , charg or claim of ani kind , of or to the siga intellectu properti to grant the licens to mmt as purport to be grant pursuant to thi agreement and ( ii ) no third parti ha taken ani action befor ani patent and trademark offic ( or similar government author ) , which would render ani of the siga intellectu properti invalid or unenforceable; ( c ) notic of infring or misappropriation; non-infring of right by third parti . to siga ’ s knowledg , no third parti is infring or misappropri or ha infring the siga intellectu properti . in addit , it ha not receiv ani notic from ani third parti assert or alleg that ( i ) the product or ani siga trademark ha infring or misappropri the intellectu properti right of ani third parti or ( ii ) the perform of mmt ’ s oblig under thi agreement infring or would infring ani third parti intellectu properti rights; sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( d ) non-infring of third parti right . to siga ’ s knowledg , the commerci of the product can be carri out as contempl by thi agreement as of the effect date without infring ani issu patent or pend applic control by a third parti and without infring ani trademark right of ani third parti . ( e ) non-assert by third parti . no third parti ha assert or threaten in write legal action assert , that the siga patent or the siga trademark are invalid or unenforc by challeng or threaten to challeng the inventorship , ownership , siga ’ s right to use , scope , valid or enforc of ani siga patent ( includ by way of exampl , through the institut or written threat of institut of interfer , deriv , post-grant review , opposit , nulliti or similar invalid proceed befor ani government author ) ; ( f ) no proceed . there are no pend , and to siga ’ s knowledg , no threaten , advers action , claim , investig , suit or proceed against siga or ani of it affili , at law or in equiti , or befor or by ani government author , involv the siga intellectu properti or the product , nor to siga ’ s knowledg ha ani such advers action , claim , investig , suit or proceed been brought or threaten sinc the incept of siga as a compani , in each case , which ha been resolv in a manner that impair ani of siga ’ s right in and to ani such siga intellectu properti or the product; ( g ) no consent . no author , consent , approv of a third parti , nor ani licens , permit , exempt of or file or registr with or notif to ani court or government author is or will be necessari for the ( i ) valid execut , deliveri or perform of thi agreement by siga , includ siga ’ s oblig under thi agreement; ( ii ) the consumm by siga of the transact contempl herebi and the right convey to mmt hereunder; or ( iii ) prevent of the termin of ani right , privileg , licens or agreement relat to the siga intellectu properti or the continu thereof follow the effect date; ( h ) no non-competit agreement . neither siga nor ani of it affili are bound by ani non-competit agreement relat to the product; ( i ) complianc with law . siga ha compli with all law in connect with the prosecut of the siga patent , includ ani duti of candor owe to ani patent offic pursuant to such laws; ( j ) no grant of right . as of the effect date , there are no right with respect to the product or the siga trademark in the territori grant by siga , in each case , to ani person or entiti other than mmt; sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( k ) no third parti right to sublicens . no third parti ha the right to sublicens ani siga patent or siga trademark without the express written consent of siga , which consent will be withheld if in ani way it conflict with thi agreement . ( l ) no unauthor use . neither siga nor ani of it affili ha receiv ani written notic of ani unauthor use , infring , or misappropri by ani person , includ ani current or former employe or consult of siga or it affili , in respect of the product or of ani of the siga intellectu property; ( m ) intellectu properti right . the siga intellectu properti includ and will continu to includ all intellectu properti right control by siga which are reason necessari for the commerci of the product in accord with the term of thi agreement . ( n ) mainten of siga patent and trademark right . siga will , at siga ’ s sole discret , dilig prosecut , maintain , enforc , and defend each of the siga patent and the siga trademark reason necessari for the commerci of the product in accord with the term of thi agreement . ( o ) siga patent and patent applic . ( i ) the siga patent list on schedul 1 are the onli patent and patent applic relat to the product in the field in the territori which siga ha an interest either alon or jointli with ani third parti , and ( ii ) siga doe not have knowledg of ani inform which lead it to believ that ani issu patent includ in the siga patent are invalid or unenforceable; ( p ) siga trademark and trademark applic . ( i ) the siga trademark list on schedul 2 are the onli trademark and trademark applic relat to the product in which siga ha an interest either alon or jointli with ani third parti ( other than applic made dure the term in accord with section 7.3 ) , and ( ii ) to siga ’ s knowledg none of the siga trademark are invalid or unenforceable; ( q ) renew and mainten fee . all materi renew and mainten fee due as of the effect date with respect to the prosecut and mainten of the siga patent and siga trademark have been paid , and to siga ’ s knowledg , all issu patent within the siga patent , and each claim set forth therein are in full forc and effect and are valid and enforceable; ( r ) access to inform . siga ha allow , and will continu to allow , mmt reason access to materi inform in siga ’ s possess or control ( i ) concern side effect , injuri , toxic or sensit reaction and incid or sever thereof with respect to the product; and ( ii ) in respect of the siga intellectu properti and the product; ( s ) inventor . the inventor name in the siga patent are , to siga ’ s knowledg , all of the true inventor for such siga patent and each of such inventor ha assign to siga or it affili all of hi or her right , titl and interest to such siga patent and the invent describ therein; sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( t ) employe confidenti agreement . all current and former employe and paid consult ( in the case of academ consult , those act outsid the scope of their academ affili ) of siga and it affili who are or have been substant involv in the concept , design , review , evalu , reduct to practic , or develop of siga patent or the product have execut written contract or are otherwis oblig to protect the confidenti statu and valu thereof and to vest in siga exclus ownership of the siga patent and the product; ( u ) third parti confidenti . with the except of the govern author , to our knowledg , no third parti ha ani siga know-how in it possess or control which is not subject to continu oblig of confidenti owe to siga or it affili for at least the durat of the term; provid that siga know-how may be disclos to government author without a continu oblig of confidenti owe to siga or it affili if disclos in connect with the promot of the product hereund or by siga outsid of the territory; ( v ) safeti and efficaci . siga is not awar of ani problem concern the safeti or efficaci of the product ( includ ani of it ingredi ) or of ani question rais by ani regulatori author with respect thereto , and siga ha provid relev inform to mmt of all advers drug reaction known to siga relat to the product or their use; ( w ) good practic . the develop and manufactur of the product ha been carri out as of the effect date in accord with unit state glp , gcp and gmp , as applic and where requir . after the effect date , the develop and manufactur of the product will be carri in accord with the glp , gcp and gmp of the unit state and ani countri in the territori where the product ha receiv regulatori approv , in all case , as applic and where required; and ( x ) regulatori matter . ( i ) siga ha provid or made avail , when request by mmt to conduct it due dilig review , document and commun in it possess from and to ani government author , or prepar by ani government author , relat to the product , that may bear on the complianc with the requir of ani government author , includ ani notic of inspect , inspect report , warn letter , defici letter , or similar commun ( collect “ complianc commun ” ) ; ( ii ) neither siga nor ani of it affili ha receiv , with respect to siga intellectu properti and the product , ani oral or written commun ( includ ani warn letter , untitl letter , or similar notic ) from ani government author and , there is no action pend or , to siga ’ s knowledg , threaten ( includ ani prosecut , injunct , seizur , civil fine , suspens or recal ) , in each case alleg that with respect to the siga intellectu properti or product , siga or ani of it affili is not current materi in complianc with ani and all law implement by such government author ( collect , a “ non-compli action ” ) . neither siga nor ani of it affili ha receiv ani oral or written notic from ani government author claim that the develop , commerci or promot of the product is not in materi complianc with all law and permits; sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( iii ) as to ani product , dure the term siga shall provid , or make avail , to mmt copi of ani ( a ) complianc commun within five ( 5 ) busi day after provis to , or receipt from , ani government author and ( b ) non-compli action within five ( 5 ) busi day after receipt from a government authority; except ( in the case of ( a ) and ( b ) ) to the extent that siga ’ s counsel reason believ that such disclosur to mmt could violat applic privaci law or have a signific advers impact on siga ’ s legal posit or defens ( includ the loss of attorney-cli privileg ) . in the event that siga determin that disclosur could violat applic privaci law or have a signific advers impact on it legal posit or defens , siga shall promptli notifi mmt that it is exercis it right not to disclose; and ( iv ) to siga ’ s knowledg , none of siga , ani of it affili or ani of their respect offic , employe or agent ha made , with respect to the siga intellectu properti or the product , an untru statement of a materi fact to ani government author or ha fail to disclos a materi fact requir to be disclos to such government author . 8.3 addit represent and warranti of mmt . mmt repres and warrant to siga as of the effect date , and coven to siga dure the term , as follow : ( a ) with respect to each countri in the territori in which mmt promot or intend to promot the product , if mmt know or becom awar that government author in such countri can not purchas the product unless the product ha receiv regulatori approv in such countri , then mmt shall promptli notifi siga of such requirement; and ( b ) with respect to each countri in the territori , mmt ha not receiv , ani oral or written commun relat to the product or the promot of the product contempl by thi agreement ( includ ani warn letter , untitl letter , or similar notic ) from ani government author in such countri and , there is no action pend or , to mmt ’ s knowledg , threaten ( includ ani prosecut , injunct , seizur , civil fine , suspens or recal ) , in each case alleg that mmt is not current materi in complianc with ani and all law implement by such government author that would materi impact mmt ’ s abil to perform it oblig hereund in such countri . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 8.4 coven . ( a ) no debar or restrict parti . neither parti will knowingli use ani employe , consult , contractor or agent or knowingli engag in promot , commerci , or distribut of product to ani entiti or person : ( i ) who ha been debar under section 306 ( a ) or 306 ( b ) of the fd & c act or pursuant to the analog law of ani regulatori authority; ( ii ) who , to such parti ’ s knowledg , ha been charg with , or convict of , ani feloni or misdemeanor within the ambit of 42 u.s.c . §§ 1320a-7 ( a ) , 1320a-7 ( b ) ( l ) - ( 3 ) , or otherwis pursuant to the analog law of ani regulatori author , or is propos for exclus , or the subject of exclus or debar proceed by a regulatori author , dure the employe ’ s or consult ’ s employ or contract term with such party; ( iii ) who is exclud , suspend or debar from particip , or otherwis inelig to particip , in ani u.s. or non- u.s. healthcar program ( or who ha been convict of a crimin offens that fall within the scope of 42 u.s. c. §1320a-7 but ha not yet been exclud , debar , suspend , or otherwis declar inelig ) ; ( iv ) who is exclud , suspend or debar by a government author from particip , or otherwis inelig to particip , in ani govern contract or govern program , includ procur and non-procur programs; or ( v ) who is otherwis a restrict parti . ( b ) each parti will conduct appropri screen of employe , consult , contractor or agent that perform servic on behalf of such parti under thi agreement against the relev restrict parti list . each parti will notifi the other parti promptli , but in no event later than five ( 5 ) busi day , upon becom awar that ani of it employe , consult , contractor or agent ha been exclud , debar , suspend or is otherwis inelig , or is the subject of exclus , debar or suspens proceed by ani regulatori author . notwithstand the forego , each parti will notifi the other parti immedi in the event that ani employe , consult , contractor or agent perform servic on behalf of such parti under thi agreement becom a restrict parti dure the term and , in such event , the parti shall immedi suspend all activ relat thereto , includ the perform of ani accru oblig under thi agreement or ani custom contract . ( c ) complianc . ( i ) health author . each parti and it affili will compli in all materi respect with all law in the develop , manufactur , promot and commerci of the product and the perform of it oblig under thi agreement , includ where applic the statut , regul and written direct of the fda , the ema , and ani regulatori author have jurisdict in the territori , and all applic anti-corrupt law . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( ii ) anti-corrupt . in connect with the perform of it oblig under thi agreement , neither parti , includ it offic , director , employe , or agent , ha taken , nor will either parti take dure the term , ani direct or indirect action to knowingli ( i ) offer , promis , provid , or author the offer or provis of money or anyth of valu , in order to improperli or corruptli seek to influenc ani offici , employe , or repres of a government author or ani other person in order to obtain or retain busi or ani other improp busi advantag , ( ii ) request or accept ani such improp payment , ( iii ) establish or maintain ani unlaw fund of corpor moni or other properti , ( iv ) use ani corpor fund for ani illeg contribut , gift , entertain , travel or other unlaw expens , or ( v ) caus a violat of ani applic anti-corrupt law . for illustr purpos onli , an exampl of the activ describ in the second sentenc of thi section 8.4 ( c ) would be to knowingli provid ani improp induc for a govern offici or other person to approv , reimburs , prescrib , or purchas the product , to influenc the outcom of a clinic trial , or otherwis to benefit a parti ’ s or it affili ’ busi activ improperli . ( iii ) trade control . ( a ) each parti will perform the activ under thi agreement in complianc with all applic global trade control law . ( b ) neither parti will knowingli transfer to the other parti ani good , softwar , technolog , or servic that are ( a ) control at a level other than ear99 under the u.s. export administr regul , ( b ) control under the u.s. intern traffic in arm regul , ( c ) specif identifi as an e.u . dual use item or ( d ) on an applic export control list of a foreign countri . ( c ) the parti acknowledg that activ under thi agreement will not ( i ) be in or with a restrict market , ( ii ) involv individu ordinarili resid in a restrict market , or ( ii ) includ compani , organ , or government author organ or locat in a restrict market . ( d ) no violat . neither parti nor ani of it affili will enter into an agreement or otherwis creat ani oblig to ani person or entiti , contractu or otherwis , that is in materi violat of the term of thi agreement . ( e ) third parti confidenti . siga will use commerci reason effort to ( i ) maintain the confidenti of the siga know-how , and ( ii ) ensur that no third parti ha ani siga know-how in it possess or control which is not subject to continu oblig of confidenti owe to siga or it affili for at least the durat of the term; provid that siga know-how may be disclos to government author without a continu oblig of confidenti owe to siga or it affili if disclos in connect with the promot of the product . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 8.5 no other represent or warranti . except as expressli state in thi agreement , no represent or warranti whatsoev , whether express or impli , includ warranti of merchant , fit for a particular purpos , non-infring , or non-misappropri of third parti intellectu properti right , are made or given by or on behalf of either parti , and all represent and warranti , whether aris by oper of law or otherwis , are herebi expressli exclud . articl 9 indemnif 9.1 indemnif by siga . siga will , at it sole expens , defend , indemnifi , and hold mmt and it affili and their respect offic , director , sharehold , owner , employe , agent and repres ( the “ mmt indemnite ” ) harmless from and against ani and all , damag , loss , liabil , tax , cost , expens ( includ court cost and reason attorney ’ fee and expens ) and recoveri ( collect , “ loss ” ) to the extent aris out of or result from ani claim , suit , proceed or demand of third parti ( includ , for the avoid of doubt , government author ) ( “ claim ” ) , aris from or occur as a result of ( a ) alleg that the product and /or the siga intellectu properti infring ani third parti intellectu properti right , ( b ) siga ’ s failur to compli with ani regulatori approv requir of regulatori author in the territori with respect to the product , ( c ) product liabil claim aris from siga ’ s develop , manufactur or commerci of the product , ( d ) the breach of ani of siga ’ s oblig under thi agreement , includ siga ’ s represent and warranti , coven and other agreement , ( e ) ani breach by siga of ani oblig that mmt ha deleg or otherwis appoint siga to perform under a custom contract and siga ha agre to such deleg or appoint in write , includ a failur to suppli the product to custom pursuant to the term of thi agreement and/or ani custom contract or ( f ) the will misconduct or gross neglig of siga , it affili , or the offic , director , employe , agent or repres of siga or it affili in connect with perform by or on behalf of siga of siga ’ s oblig or exercis of siga ’ s right under thi agreement . the forego indemn oblig will not appli ( i ) to the extent that ( x ) the mmt indemnite fail to compli with the indemnif procedur set forth in section 9.3 and siga ’ s defens of the relev claim is prejud by such failur or ( y ) such claim aris out of or result from the gross neglig or will misconduct of mmt or it affili or the offic , director , employe , agent or repres of mmt or it affili , or breach by mmt of it represent , warranti or coven or ani other oblig of mmt hereunder; or ( ii ) to claim for which mmt ha an oblig to indemnifi siga pursuant to section 9.2 , as to which claim each parti will indemnifi the other to the extent of it respect liabil for such claim , provid , for clariti , notwithstand the provis of section 9.2 ( a ) or ( b ) , siga shall in all case be sole respons for ani claim relat to matter describ in section 9.1 ( c ) and ( e ) . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 9.2 indemnif by mmt . mmt will , at it sole expens , defend , indemnifi , and hold siga and it affili and their respect offic , director , sharehold . owner , employe , agent and repres ( the “ siga indemnite ” ) harmless from and against ani and all loss to the extent aris out of or result from ani claim aris from or occur as a result of ( a ) the breach of ani of mmt ’ s oblig under thi agreement , includ mmt ’ s represent and warranti , coven and other agreement , ( b ) subject to section 9.1 ( e ) ani breach by mmt under ani custom contract , includ mmt ’ s represent and warranti , coven and other agreement , or the failur to compli with thi agreement , or ( c ) the will misconduct or gross neglig of mmt , it affili , or the offic , director , employe , agent or repres of mmt or it affili in connect with perform by or on behalf of mmt of mmt ’ s oblig or exercis of mmt ’ s right under thi agreement . the forego indemn oblig will not appli ( i ) to the extent that ( x ) the siga indemnite fail to compli with the indemnif procedur set forth in section 9.3 and mmt ’ s defens of the relev claim is prejud by such failur or ( y ) such claim aris out of or result from the gross neglig or will misconduct of siga or it affili or the offic , director , employe , agent or repres of siga , or ani breach by siga of it represent , warranti or coven hereunder; or ( ii ) to claim for which siga ha an oblig to indemnifi mmt pursuant to section 9.1 , as to which claim each parti will indemnifi the other to the extent of it respect liabil for such claim . 9.3 indemnif procedur . the parti claim indemn under thi articl 9 ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) shall give written notic to the parti from whom indemn is be sought ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) promptli after becom awar of a claim for which indemn may be sought hereund ( it be understood and agre , howev , that the failur by an indemnifi parti to give notic of a claim for which indemn may be sought as provid in thi section 9.3 shall not reliev the indemnifi parti of it indemnif oblig under thi agreement except that in no event shall the indemnifi parti be liabl for ani loss that result from ani delay in provid such notic ) . the indemnifi parti will provid the indemnifi parti with reason assist , at the indemnifi parti ’ s reason expens , in connect with the defens of the claim for which indemn is be sought . the indemnifi parti may particip in and monitor such defens with counsel of it own choos at it sole expense; provid , howev , the indemnifi parti shall assum and conduct the defens of the claim and may so defend ani such claim with counsel of it choos . the indemnifi parti will not settl ani claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , not to be unreason withheld , unless the settlement involv onli the payment of money by the indemnifi parti . so long as the indemnifi parti is activ defend the claim in good faith , the indemnifi parti will not settl or compromis ani such claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti . if the indemnifi parti doe not assum and conduct the defens of the claim as provid abov , ( a ) the indemnifi parti may defend against , consent to the entri of ani judgment , or enter into ani settlement with respect to such claim in ani manner the indemnifi parti may deem reason appropri ( and the indemnifi parti need not consult with , or obtain ani consent from , the indemnifi parti in connect therewith ) , and ( b ) the indemnifi parti will remain respons to indemnifi the indemnifi parti as provid in thi articl 9. the assumpt of the defens by the indemnifi parti will not be constru as an acknowledg that the indemnifi parti is liabl to indemnifi the indemnifi parti with respect to such claim , nor will it constitut a waiver by the indemnifi parti of ani defens it may assert against the indemnifi parti ’ s claim for indemnif . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 9.4 insur . mmt and siga shall each , at their sole cost and expens , procur and maintain ( a ) commerci gener liabil insur in amount not less than [ ] per incid and [ ] annual aggreg , and ( c ) product liabil insur in amount not less than [ ] annual aggreg , and each name the other parti as addit insur . mmt and siga shall maintain such insur throughout the term , and shall from time to time provid copi of certif of such insur the other parti upon request . 9.5 limit of liabil . except ( i ) in the event of the fraud of a parti or of a parti ’ s breach of it oblig under articl 7 ( intellectu properti ) or articl 10 ( confidenti ) , or ( ii ) to the extent ani such damag are requir to be paid to a third parti as part of a claim for which a parti provid indemnif under thi articl 9 , neither parti nor ani of it affili or sublicense shall be liabl to the other in contract , tort , neglig , breach of statutori duti or otherwis for ani indirect , incident , consequenti , special , punit , remot , exemplari or specul damag or other damag that are not probabl and reason forese and irrespect of whether that parti or ani repres of that parti ha been advis of , or otherwis might have anticip the possibl of , ani such loss or damage; provid , for clariti , [ ] . articl 10 confidenti 10.1 confidenti . each parti agre that , dure the term and for a period of [ ] year thereaft , such parti and it affili will keep confidenti and will not publish or otherwis disclos and will not use for ani purpos other than as provid for in thi agreement ( which includ the exercis of ani right or the perform of ani oblig hereund ) ani confidenti inform furnish to it or it affili by the other parti or it affili pursuant to thi agreement , except to the extent expressli author by thi agreement or as otherwis agre to in write by the parties; provid , howev , that the confidenti and non-us oblig impos by thi agreement with respect to trade secret includ in an item of confidenti inform will continu for as long as the disclos parti continu to treat such confidenti inform as a trade secret . the forego confidenti and non-us oblig do not appli to ani portion of the other parti ’ s confidenti inform that the receiv parti can demonstr by compet written proof : sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( a ) wa alreadi known to the receiv parti or it affili , other than under an oblig of confidenti hereund , at the time of disclosur by the other parti or ani of it affiliates; ( b ) wa gener avail to the public or otherwis part of the public domain at the time of it disclosur to the receiv parti or ani of it affiliates; ( c ) becam gener avail to the public or otherwis part of the public domain after it disclosur and other than through ani act or omiss of the receiv parti or ani of it affili in breach of thi agreement; ( d ) wa disclos to the receiv parti or ani of it affili by a third parti who had a legal right to make such disclosur and who did not obtain such inform directli or indirectli from the other parti or ani of it affiliates; or ( e ) wa independ discov or develop by the receiv parti or ani of it affili without access to or aid , applic or use of the other parti ’ s confidenti inform , as evidenc by a contemporan write . 10.2 author disclosur . notwithstand the oblig set forth in section 10.1 , either parti or it respect affili may disclos the other parti ’ s confidenti inform and the term of thi agreement to the extent : ( a ) such disclosur is reason necessari ( i ) for the file or prosecut of patent or trademark right as contempl by thi agreement; ( ii ) to compli with the requir of regulatori author with respect to obtain and maintain regulatori approv of product; or ( iii ) for prosecut or defend litig as contempl by thi agreement; ( b ) such disclosur is reason necessari to it offic , director , employe , agent , consult , contractor , license , sublicense , attorney , account , lender , insur , sharehold , or licensor on a need-to-know basi for the sole purpos of perform it oblig or exercis it right under thi agreement; provid that in each case , the disclose are bound by oblig of confidenti and non-us no less stringent than those contain in thi agreement; ( c ) such disclosur is reason necessari to ani bona fide potenti or actual investor , acquiror , merger partner , or other financi or commerci partner for the sole purpos of evalu an actual or potenti invest , acquisit or other busi relationship with the disclos party; provid that in each case , the disclose are bound by written oblig of confidenti and non-us have a minimum term of two ( 2 ) years; or sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( d ) such disclosur is reason necessari to compli with law , includ regul promulg by applic secur exchang , court order , administr subpoena or other order . notwithstand the forego , if either parti or ani of it respect affili is requir to make a disclosur of the other parti ’ s confidenti inform pursuant to section 10.2 ( a ) or 10.2 ( d ) , such parti will promptli notifi the other parti of such requir disclosur and , upon the other parti ’ s request , such parti and it affili will use reason effort to obtain , or to assist the other parti in obtain , a protect order prevent or limit the requir disclosur at the non-disclos parti ’ s sole cost . 10.3 technic public . upon request , siga will provid to mmt public , and other form of public disclosur such as abstract and present , of result of studi carri out to the extent they relat to the product and are not protect by a confidenti agreement with a third parti , in each case , as soon as reason practic after such disclosur . 10.4 publicity; term of agreement . ( a ) the parti agre that the materi term of thi agreement are the confidenti inform of both parti , subject to the special author disclosur provis set forth in thi section 10.4 . ( b ) siga may make a public announc of the execut of thi agreement in the form attach as exhibit c , which will be issu on or promptli after the effect date . ( c ) if either parti or it affili desir to make a public announc concern the materi term of thi agreement such parti will give reason prior advanc notic of the propos text of such announc to the other parti for it prior review and approv ( except as otherwis provid herein ) , such approv not to be unreason withheld . a parti comment on such a propos announc will provid it comment , if ani , within five ( 5 ) busi day after receiv the announc for review , or such shorter period as may be reason requir in order for the propos parti to compli with ani applic deadlin for make such announc ( as such deadlin is commun by the propos parti to the comment parti ) . in addit , where requir by law or sought by either parti , includ regul promulg by applic secur exchang , such parti or it affili may make a press releas announc the achiev of ani materi event with respect to thi agreement or the parti ’ perform thereof , subject onli to the review procedur set forth in the preced sentence; provid that the review period will be reduc to two ( 2 ) busi day ( or such shorter period as may be reason requir in order for the propos parti to compli with ani applic deadlin for make such press releas , as such deadlin is commun by the propos parti to the comment parti ) if the deadlin for make such disclosur is five ( 5 ) or fewer busi day after such achiev or event . in relat to the other parti ’ s review of such an announc , such other parti may make specif , reason comment on such propos press releas within the prescrib time for commentari , but will not withhold , condit , or delay it consent to disclosur of the inform . neither parti nor their respect affili are requir to seek the permiss of the other parti to repeat ani inform regard the term of thi agreement that ha alreadi been publicli disclos by such parti or it affili , or by the other parti or it affili , in accord with thi section 10.4 , if such inform remain accur as of such time . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( d ) the parti acknowledg that either or both parti may be oblig to file under law a copi of thi agreement with the u.s. secur and exchang commiss ( “ sec ” ) or other government author . each parti will make such a requir file and will request confidenti treatment of the commerci term and sensit technic or other competit sensit term hereof and thereof to the extent such confidenti treatment is avail to such parti or file redact version of such term as permit by the sec . in the event of ani such file , the file parti will provid the other parti with a copi of thi agreement mark to show the provis for which such parti intend to seek confidenti treatment and will reason consid and incorpor the other parti ’ s comment thereon to the extent consist with the legal requir , with respect to the file parti , govern disclosur of materi agreement and materi inform that must be publicli file . 10.5 prior confidenti agreement . ani prior confidenti agreement between the parti are herebi supersed by thi agreement . addit , all inform disclos by a parti or it affili to the other parti or it affili pursuant to ani prior confidenti agreement shall be deem to be such parti ’ s confidenti inform disclos hereund and the confidenti , non-us and non-disclosur oblig set forth in thi articl 10 will appli to the receiv parti , it affili and disclose . if ani such oblig conflict with the oblig set forth in ani prior confidenti agreement , then the receiv parti , it affili and disclose will compli with the more stringent oblig . 10.6 return of confidenti inform . except as otherwis set forth in thi agreement , upon termin of thi agreement , the receiv parti shall promptli return , or upon request of the disclos parti destroy and provid written certif of such destruct , all of the disclos parti ’ s confidenti inform , includ all reproduct and copi thereof in ani medium , except that the receiv parti may retain a reason number of archiv copi as may be requir by law or it reason standard document retent polici . 10.7 unauthor use . if either parti becom awar or ha knowledg of ani unauthor use or disclosur of the other parti ’ s confidenti inform , it will promptli notifi the other parti in write of such unauthor use or disclosur . 10.8 exclus properti . all confidenti inform is the sole and exclus properti of the disclos parti and the permit use thereof by the receiv parti for purpos of it perform hereund will not be deem a licens or other right of the receiv parti to use ani such confidenti inform for ani other purpos . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 articl 11 term and termin 11.1 term . thi agreement becom effect on the effect date and , unless earlier termin as provid in thi articl 11 , shall continu until the five ( 5 ) year anniversari of the effect date ( the “ initi term ” ) . thi agreement shall be automat renew for success three ( 3 ) year term thereaft ( each a “ renew term ” and togeth with the initi term , the “ term ” ) until and unless ( i ) either parti provid the other parti written notic of non-renew no later than nineti ( 90 ) day prior the end of the initi term or ani renew term or ( ii ) earlier termin as provid in thi articl 11 . 11.2 termin for caus . ( a ) thi agreement may be termin by either parti on country-by-countri basi , or in it entireti , upon [ ] day prior written notic at ani time dure the term by give written notic to the other parti in the event that such other parti ha commit a materi breach of it oblig under thi agreement with respect to such countri ( i ) or the agreement in it entireti , as applic , and such materi breach remain uncur for [ ] day from the date of such notic . ( b ) either parti may termin thi agreement in it entireti immedi by written notic if the other parti ( i ) appli for or consent to the appoint of , or the take of possess by , a receiv , custodian , truste or liquid of itself or of all or a substanti part of it properti , ( ii ) make a gener assign for the benefit of it creditor , ( iii ) commenc a voluntari case under the bankruptci code of ani countri , ( iv ) file a petit seek to take advantag of ani law relat to bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , winding-up , or composit or readjust of debt , ( v ) fail to controvert in a time and appropri manner , or acquiesc in write to , ani petit file against it in ani involuntari case under the bankruptci code of ani countri , ( vi ) take ani corpor action to effect ani of the forego , ( vii ) ha a proceed or case commenc against it in ani court of compet jurisdict , seek ( a ) it liquid , reorgan , dissolut or winding-up , or the composit or readjust of it debt , ( b ) the appoint of a truste , receiv , custodian , liquid or the like of all or ani substanti part of it asset , or ( c ) similar relief under the bankruptci code of ani countri , or an order , judgment or decre approv ani of the forego is enter and continu unstay for a period of sixti ( 60 ) day , or ( viii ) ha an order for relief against it enter in an involuntari case under the bankruptci code of ani countri . ( c ) siga may immedi termin thi agreement on a country-by-countri basi on notic to mmt if siga receiv ani inform that it in good faith determin to be evid of an actual breach by mmt or it affili of section 8.4 ( c ) ( ii ) in such countri . in the event of such termin , siga shall have no liabil to mmt for ani charg , fee , reimburs , or other compens or claim under thi agreement with respect to such countri , includ for servic previous perform . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 11.3 termin upon certain chang of control . [ ] . 11.4 termin for failur to [ ] . siga may termin thi agreement immedi upon written notic to mmt if mmt doe not , in accord with the provis of section 2.3 , notifi siga in write [ ] . 11.5 termin for conveni . notwithstand ani other provis of thi agreement , mmt may at ani time termin thi agreement on country-by-countri basi , or in it entireti , upon [ ] month ’ prior written notic to siga . 11.6 effect of termin . upon termin of thi agreement pursuant to thi articl 11 , for all custom contract then in forc in the territori , mmt shall either ( i ) promptli exercis it right to termin such custom contract pursuant to termin right accru from the occurr of a termin of thi agreement or otherwis or ( ii ) upon time written request of siga , use commerci reason effort to assign ani custom contract identifi in such notic then in forc to siga . siga shall be sole respons for all cost and expens incur under or in connect with the assign of a custom contract to siga pursuant to claus ( ii ) of thi section 11.6. all cost , penalti or other expens incur under or in connect with ani custom contract as a result of mmt ’ s termin of a custom contract pursuant to claus ( i ) of thi section 11.6 shall be the respons of the parti termin thi agreement , provid that in the event of a termin under section 11.2 , such cost shall be the respons of the non-termin parti . 11.7 surviv . termin or expir of thi agreement will not affect right or oblig of the parti under thi agreement that have accru befor the date of termin or expir , includ ani accru oblig relat to the deliveri of the product pursuant to articl 5. notwithstand anyth to the contrari , the follow provis will surviv ani expir or termin of thi agreement : section 5.6 ( advers event report ) , section 7.1 ( ownership of siga intellectu properti ) , articl 1 ( definit ) , articl 6 ( payment ) ( sole with respect to accru payment oblig as of the date of termin or expir of thi agreement ) , articl 9 ( indemnif ) , articl 10 ( confidenti ) , articl 11 ( term and termin ) , articl 12 ( disput resolut ) and articl 13 ( miscellan ) . articl 12 disput resolut 12.1 execut offic resolut . except with respect to disput aris from the deliveri of an audit report which disput shall be govern by the term of section 6.6 , if ani disput or disagr aris between the parti in respect of thi agreement , to the extent not resolv by the jsc : ( a ) the parti claim that such a disput exist will give notic in write to the other parti of the natur of the disput ( a “ notic of disput ” ) . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 ( b ) within thirti ( 30 ) day of receipt of a notic of disput , the parti ’ execut offic will meet and confer in person or by teleconfer and at thi meet will use their reason effort to resolv such disput . ( c ) if , within a further period of thirti ( 30 ) day , or in ani event within sixti ( 60 ) day of initi receipt of the notic of disput , the disput ha not been resolv , or if , for ani reason , the meet describ in section 12.1 ( b ) ha not been held within sixti ( 60 ) day of initi receipt of the notic of disput , then the parti agre that either parti may initi litig to resolv such disput . ( d ) notwithstand ani provis of thi agreement to the contrari , either parti may immedi seek preliminari , temporari or perman injunct and other equit relief in ani court of compet jurisdict to ( i ) prevent or curtail ani actual or threaten breach of thi agreement that is reason like to caus it irrepar harm or ( ii ) enforc it right under thi agreement . 12.2 govern law . thi agreement and all disput aris out of or relat to thi agreement or ani breach hereof are govern by and constru under the law of the state of new york , without give effect to ani choic of law principl that would requir the applic of the law of a differ state . 12.3 jurisdict . each parti to thi agreement herebi ( a ) irrevoc submit to the exclus jurisdict of the state court of the state of new york or the unit state district court for the southern district of new york for the purpos of ani and all action , suit or proceed aris in whole or in part out of , relat to , base upon or in connect with thi agreement or the subject matter hereof , ( b ) waiv to the extent not prohibit by law , and agre not to assert , by way of motion , as a defens or otherwis , in ani such action , ani claim that it is not subject person to the jurisdict of the above-nam court , that it properti is exempt or immun from attach or execut , that ani such action brought in one of the above-nam court should be dismiss on ground of forum non convenien , should be transfer to ani court other than one of the above-nam court or that thi agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforc in or by such court and ( c ) agre not to commenc ani such action other than befor one of the above-nam court nor to make ani motion or take ani other action seek or intend to caus the transfer or remov of ani such action to ani court other than one of the above-nam court whether on the ground of forum non convenien or otherwis . 12.4 no juri trial . the parti expressli waiv and forego , to the fullest extent permit by law , ani right to trial by juri in ani legal proceed ( whether base on contract , tort or otherwis ) directli or indirectli aris out of or relat to thi agreement , the transact contempl herebi or the action of the parti in the negoti , administr , perform or enforc hereof . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 articl 13 miscellan 13.1 entir agreement; amend . thi agreement , includ the schedul and exhibit hereto , togeth with the confidenti agreement referenc in section 10.5 , and ani other document deliv pursuant hereto or thereto , set forth the complet , final and exclus agreement and all the coven , promis , agreement , warranti , represent , condit and understand between the parti hereto and thereto and their affili with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersed , as of the effect date , all prior and contemporan agreement and understand between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof . there are no coven , promis , agreement , warranti , represent , condit or understand , either oral or written , between the parti with respect to the subject matter of thi agreement other than as are set forth in thi agreement . no subsequ alter , amend , chang or addit to thi agreement will be bind upon the parti unless reduc to write and sign by an author offic of each parti . 13.2 forc majeur . both parti will be excus from the perform of their oblig under thi agreement to the extent that such perform is prevent by forc majeur and the non-perform parti promptli provid notic of the prevent to the other parti . such excus will continu for so long as the condit constitut forc majeur continu and the non-perform parti take reason effort to remov the condit . for purpos of thi agreement , forc majeur includ condit beyond the control of the parti , includ an act of god , war , civil commot , terrorist act , epidem , failur or default of public util or common carrier , destruct of product facil or materi by fire , earthquak , and storm or like catastroph . notwithstand the forego , a parti will not be excus from make payment owe hereund becaus of a forc majeur affect such parti . if a forc majeur persist for more than sixti ( 60 ) day , then the parti will discuss in good faith the modif of the parti ’ oblig under thi agreement to mitig the delay caus by such forc majeur . 13.3 notic . ani notic requir or permit to be given under thi agreement will be in write , will specif refer to thi agreement , and will be address to the appropri parti at the address specifi below or such other address as may be specifi by such parti in write in accord with thi section 13.3 , and will be deem to have been given for all purpos ( a ) when receiv , if hand-deliv or sent by email with non-autom confirm read receipt or a reput courier servic , or ( b ) five ( 5 ) busi day after mail , if mail by first class certifi or regist airmail , postag prepaid , return receipt request . if to siga : siga technolog , inc. 31 east 62nd street , 5th floor new york , ny 10065 attn : gener counsel sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 with copi to ( which will not constitut notic ) : lili wound , esq . wilmerhal 7 world trade center 250 greenwich street new york , ny 10007 email : lily.woundwilmerhale.com if to mmt : meridian medic technolog , inc. 6350 steven forest road , suit 301 columbia , maryland 21046 attn : gener manag with a copi to : legal depart with a copi to ( which will not constitut notic ) : arnold & porter kay scholer llp 250 west 55th street new york , ny 10019-9710 attn : lowel dashefski and eric rothman email : lowell.dashefski arnoldporter.com and eric.rothmanarnoldporter.com 13.4 no strict construction; interpretation; head . the languag in thi agreement is to be constru in all case accord to it fair mean . except where the context otherwis requir , wherev use , the singular includ the plural , the plural the singular , the use of ani gender appli to all gender . the word “ or ” is use in the disjunct sens and the word “ and ” is use in the conjunct sens . the caption of thi agreement are for conveni of refer onli and in no way defin , describ , extend , or limit the scope or intent of thi agreement or the intent of ani provis contain in thi agreement . the term “ includ , ” “ includ , ” or “ includ ” , whether or not follow by “ without limit ” or “ includ , but not limit to , ” or word of similar import , shall be constru to mean in each case includ , without limit the gener of ani descript preced such term . the parti agre that no mean should be infer about the use of “ without limit ” or “ includ , but not limit to ” in some instanc but not other . unless the context requir otherwis , ( i ) ani definit of or refer to ani agreement , instrument or other document will be constru as refer to such agreement , instrument or other document as from time to time amend , supplement or otherwis modifi ( subject to ani restrict on such amend , supplement or modif set forth herein or therein ) , ( ii ) ani refer to ani law will be constru as refer to such law as from time to time enact , repeal or amend , ( iii ) ani refer to ani person will be constru to includ the person ’ s successor and permit assign , ( iv ) the word “ herein ” , “ hereof ” and “ hereund ” , and word of similar import , will be constru to refer to thi agreement in it entireti and not to ani particular provis hereof , ( v ) ani refer to the word “ mutual agre ” or “ mutual written agreement ” will not impos ani oblig on either parti to agre to ani term relat thereto or to engag in discuss relat to such term except as such parti may determin in such parti ’ s sole discret , ( vi ) all refer to section , exhibit or schedul will be constru to refer to section , exhibit and schedul to thi agreement , ( vii ) the word “ day ” mean calendar day and the word “ month ” mean calendar month unless otherwis specifi , ( viii ) the word “ copi ” and “ copi ” and word of similar import when use in thi agreement includ , to the extent avail , electron copi , file or databas contain the inform , file , item , document or materi to which such word appli , and ( ix ) ani refer “ dollar ” , “ dollar ” or “ ” will be constru to refer to u.s. dollar . the head of each articl and section in thi agreement have been insert for conveni of refer onli and are not intend to limit or expand on the mean of the languag contain in the particular articl or section . each parti repres that it ha been repres by legal counsel in connect with thi agreement and acknowledg that it ha particip in the draft hereof . in interpret and appli the term and provis of thi agreement , the parti agre that no presumpt will appli against the parti which draft such term and provis . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 13.5 assign . neither parti may assign or transfer thi agreement or ani right or oblig hereund without the prior written consent of the other parti , except that a parti may make such an assign without the other parti ’ s consent to it affili or to a third parti successor of , or transfere to , asset of such parti to which thi agreement relat , whether in a merger , sale of stock , sale of asset or other transact . ani successor or assigne of right or oblig permit hereund will , in write to the other parti , expressli assum perform of such right or oblig . ani permit assign will be bind on the successor of the assign parti . ani assign or attempt assign by either parti in violat of the term of thi section 13.5 is null , void and of no legal effect . 13.6 perform by affili . subject to section 2.1 ( b ) , each parti may discharg ani oblig and exercis ani right hereund through ani of it affili . each parti herebi guarante the perform by it affili of such parti ’ s oblig under thi agreement , and will caus it affili to compli with the provis of thi agreement in connect with such perform . ani breach by a parti ’ s affili of ani of such parti ’ s oblig under thi agreement is a breach by such parti , and the other parti may proceed directli against such parti without ani oblig to first proceed against such parti ’ s affili . 13.7 further assur and action . each parti , upon the request of the other parti , whether made befor or after the effect date and without further consider , will do , execut , acknowledg , and deliv or caus to be done , execut , acknowledg or deliv all such further act , deed , document , assign , transfer , convey , power of attorney , instrument and assur as may be reason necessari to effect complet consumm of the transact contempl by thi agreement , and to do all such other act , as may be necessari or appropri to carri out the purpos and intent of thi agreement . the parti agre to execut and deliv such other document , certif , agreement and other write and to take such other action as may be reason necessari to consumm or implement expediti the transact contempl by thi agreement . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 13.8 sever . each of the provis contain in thi agreement will be sever , and the unenforc of one will not affect the enforc of ani other or of the remaind of thi agreement . if ani one or more of the provis of thi agreement , or the applic thereof in ani circumst , is held to be invalid , illeg , or unenforc in ani respect for ani reason , the parti will negoti in good faith with a view to the substitut therefor of a suitabl and equit solut to carri out , so far as may be valid and enforc , the intent and purpos of such invalid provision; provid , howev , that the valid , legal and enforc of ani such provis in everi other respect and of the remain provis of thi agreement will not be in ani way impair therebi , it be intend that all of the right and privileg of the parti hereto will be enforc to the fullest extent permit by law . 13.9 no waiver . ani term or condit of thi agreement may be waiv at ani time by the parti that is entitl to the benefit thereof , but no such waiver will be effect unless set forth in a written instrument duli execut by or on behalf of the parti waiv such term or condit . the waiver , delay or the failur of ani parti to enforc or exercis ani term , condit or part of thi agreement at ani time or in ani one or more instanc will not be deem to be or constru as a waiver of the same or ani other term , condit or part , nor will it forfeit ani right , power or privileg to futur enforc thereof . no singl or partial exercis of ani right , power or privileg will preclud ani other or further exercis of such right , power or privileg or the exercis of ani other right , power or privileg . to the maximum extent permit by law , ( a ) no claim or right aris out of thi agreement or ani of the document refer to in thi agreement can be discharg by one parti , in whole or in part , by a waiver or renunci of the claim or right unless in write sign by the other party; ( b ) no waiver that may be given by a parti will be applic except in the specif instanc for which it is given; and ( c ) no notic to or demand on one parti will be deem to be a waiver of ani oblig of that parti or of the right of the parti give such notic or demand to take further action without notic or demand as provid in thi agreement or the document refer to in thi agreement . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , all right and remedi avail to a parti , whether under thi agreement or afford by law or otherwis , will be cumul and not in the altern to ani other right or remedi that may be avail to such parti . 13.10 relationship of the parti . neither parti will have ani respons for the hire , termin or compens of the other parti ’ s employe or for ani employe benefit of such employe . no employe or repres of a parti will have ani author to bind or oblig the other parti to thi agreement for ani sum or in ani manner whatsoev , or to creat or impos ani contractu or other liabil on the other parti without said parti ’ s approv . for all purpos , and notwithstand ani other provis of thi agreement to the contrari , siga ’ s legal relationship to mmt under thi agreement will be that of independ contractor and noth in thi agreement give either parti the power or author to act for , bind , or commit the other parti in ani way . thi agreement is not a partnership agreement . noth in thi agreement will be constru to establish a relationship of partner , princip and agent or joint ventur between the parti or their respect employe or affili . noth contain in thi agreement shall be constru to creat a “ separ entiti ” or “ busi entiti ” within the mean of the u.s. intern revenu code or the regul thereund and ani foreign equival thereto . neither mmt nor siga will make ani statement , represent , or commit of ani kind , or to take ani action that is bind on the other , without the prior consent of the other parti to do so . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 13.11 english languag . thi agreement wa prepar in the english languag , which languag govern the interpret of , and ani disput regard , the term of thi agreement . 13.12 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in one or more counterpart , each of which is an origin , but all of which togeth constitut one and the same instrument . each parti may execut thi agreement by facsimil transmiss or by pdf . in addit , facsimil or pdf signatur of author signatori of ani parti will be deem to be origin signatur and will be valid and bind , and deliveri of a facsimil or pdf signatur by ani parti will constitut due execut and deliveri of thi agreement . 13.13 schedul . the disclosur of ani matter in ani section of or on ani schedul to thi agreement will onli be deem to be a disclosur for the section or subsect of thi agreement to which it correspond in number , unless the applic of such schedul to ani other section is readili appar . the disclosur of ani matter in ani schedul to thi agreement will expressli not be deem to ( a ) constitut an admiss by either parti hereto , or ( b ) impli that ani such matter is materi for purpos of thi agreement . 13.14 expens . each of the parti will bear it own direct and indirect expens incur in connect with the negoti and prepar of thi agreement and , except as set forth in thi agreement , the perform of the oblig contempl herebi and therebi . [ remaind of thi page intent left blank ] sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 in wit whereof , the parti hereto have caus thi agreement to be execut by their duli author offic as of the effect date . siga technolog , inc. meridian medic technolog , inc. by : /s/ phillip l. gomez , iii by : /s/ thoma handel name : phillip l. gomez , iii name : thoma handel titl : ceo titl : gener manag and presid signatur page to promot agreement sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 exhibit a permit subcontractor none . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 exhibit b busi plan [ ] sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 exhibit c siga press releas see attach . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 schedul 1 siga patent issu patent patent number countri protect confer issu date expir date sg 184201 singapor certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and pharmaceut composit contain the polymorph june 22 , 2015 march 23 , 2031 ru 2578606 russia certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxviru march 27 , 2016 march 23 , 2031 oa 16109 oapi/africa certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxviru octob 31 , 2013 march 23 , 2031 nz 602578 new zealand certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxviru decemb 2 , 2014 march 23 , 2031 mx 326231 mexico pharmaceut composit contain st-246 and one or more addit ingredi and dosag unit form contain st-246 decemb 11 , 2014 april 23 , 2027 mx 348481 mexico compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas june 15 , 2017 april 23 , 2027 mx 361428 mexico polymorph form of st-246 and method of prepar decemb 6 , 2018 march 23 , 2031 mx 363189 mexico compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas march 14 , 2019 april 23 , 2027 jp 4884216 japan therapeut agent for treat orthopoxviru includ st-246 , pharmaceut composit of matter for the st- 246 compound and method of manufactur st-246 decemb 16 , 2011 june 18 , 2024 jp 5657489 japan method of manufactur st-246 decemb 5 , 2014 june 18 , 2024 jp 6018041 japan certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and pharmaceut composit contain the polymorph octob 7 , 2016 march 23 , 2031 jp 6188802 japan method of prepar tecovirimat august 10 , 2017 august 14 , 2033 jp 6444460 japan method of prepar tecovirimat decemb 7 , 2018 august 14 , 2033 cn 2011800245893 china certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and pharmaceut composit contain the polymorph august 26 , 2015 march 23 , 2031 cn 2013800429237 china method of prepar tecovirimat june 20 , 2017 august 14 , 2033 ca 2529761 canada use of st-246 to treat orthopoxviru infect , pharmaceut composit contain st-246 and composit of matter for the st-246 compound august 13 , 2013 june 18 , 2024 ca 2685153 canada pharmaceut composit contain st-246 and one or more addit ingredi and dosag unit form contain st-246 decemb 16 , 2014 april 23 , 2027 ca 2793533 canada certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and pharmaceut composit contain the polymorph februari 26 , 2019 march 23 . 2031 ca 2866037 canada chemic , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas may 16 , 2017 april 23 , 2027 au 2004249250 australia method of treat orthopoxviru infect , pharmaceut composit contain st-246 and composit of matter for the st-246 compound march 29 , 2012 june 18 , 2024 sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 patent number countri protect confer issu date expir date au 2007351866 australia pharmaceut composit contain st-246 and one or more addit ingredi and dosag unit form contain st-246 januari 10 , 2013 june 18 , 2024 au 2011232551 australia certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxviru februari 26 , 2015 march 23 , 2031 au 2013302764 australia method of prepar tecovirimat april 5 , 2018 august 14 , 2033 au 2012268859 australia pharmaceut composit contain st-246 and one or more addit ingredi and dosag unit form contain st-246 august 18 , 2016 june 18 , 2024 ap 3221 aripo/africa certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and their use in treat orthopoxviru april 3 , 2015 march 23 , 2031 za 2012/07141 south africa certain polymorph of st-246 , method of prepar of the polymorph and pharmaceut composit contain the polymorph june 29 , 2016 march 23 , 2031 il 201736 israel pharmaceut composit contain st-246 and one or more addit ingredi and dosag unit form contain st-246 octob 1 , 2016 april 23 , 2027 il 236944 israel method of prepar tecovirimat februari 1 , 2017 august 14 , 2033 il 242666 israel compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas decemb 1 , 2018 april 23 , 2027 at 1638938 austria compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 be 1638938 belgium compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 be 2549871 belgium polymorph form of st-246 august 22 , 2018 march 23 , 2031 ch 1638938 switzerland compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 ch 2549871 switzerland polymorph form of st-246 august 22 , 2018 march 23 , 2031 de 1638938 germani compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 de 2549871 germani polymorph form of st-246 august 22 , 2018 march 23 , 2031 de 2887938 germani method of prepar tecovirimat januari 10 , 2018 august 14 , 2033 dk 1638938 denmark compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 dk 2549871 denmark polymorph form of st-246 august 22 , 2018 march 23 , 2031 es 1638938 spain compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 fi 1638938 finland compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 patent number countri protect confer issu date expir date fr 1638938 franc compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 fr 2887938 franc method of prepar tecovirimat januari 10 , 2018 august 14 , 2033 fr 2549871 franc polymorph form of st-246 august 22 , 2018 march 23 , 2031 gb 1638938 unit kingdom compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 gb 2887938 unit kingdom method of prepar tecovirimat januari 10 , 2018 august 14 , 2033 gb 2549871 unit kingdom polymorph form of st-246 august 22 , 2018 march 23 , 2031 ie 1638938 ireland compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 it 502017000078377 itali compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 nl 1638938 netherland compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 pl 1638938 poland compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 se 1638938 sweden compound , composit and method for treatment and prevent of orthopoxviru infect and associ diseas april 12 , 2017 june 18 , 2024 sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 patent applic [ ] sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 schedul 2 siga trademark [ ] sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 schedul 3 safeti report requir safeti report requir for the product 1. scope : siga ha a legal and corpor respons to compli with applic regul govern the collect and report of advers event ( “ ae ( s ) ” ) , at risk scenario ( “ arss ” ) , unexpect therapeut effect ( “ ute ” ) , and product qualiti complaint ( “ pqc ( s ) ” ) associ with the product , as these term are defin below . for the purpos of thi exhibit , ae , arss , ute , and pqc are collect term “ safeti reports. ” mmt is expressli entitl to perform ani regulatori respons for the product through ani of it affili . mmt or an affili of mmt shall exchang safeti report with the siga contact list in section 4.1 report time-fram . throughout thi safeti report exhibit , siga shall be refer to as “ siga ” and mmt and it affili collect as “ promoter. ” at all time siga and promot shall follow the procedur set out below . the procedur describ in thi agreement are to be follow for pharmacovigil activ for the product , irrespect of ani other activ between siga and promot which are contain within the agreement . 2. definit : 2.1. advers event ( ae ) : an ae is ani untoward medic occurr in a patient administ the product . the event need not have a causal relationship with the treatment or usag . thi includ , but is not limit to : • abnorm test find • clinic signific symptom and sign sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 • chang in physic examin find • hypersensit • progression/worsen of underli diseas • lack of drug efficaci • drug abus • drug depend • sign and symptom result from drug withdraw and drug interact • suspect transmiss of an infecti agent via a medicin product 2.2. at risk scenario ( arss ) : circumst where the report doe not includ an ae per se , but nevertheless need to be report to siga . these circumst includ : • medic error ( includ incorrect prescript or dispens of a prescript , whether or not administ to the patient ) • exposur dure pregnanc • exposur dure breastfeed • overdos • extravas • occup exposur • off-label use 2.3. unexpect therapeut effect ( ute ) : a benefici therapeut effect of the product asid from the use for which it had been given . 2.4. product qualiti complaint ( pqc ( s ) ) : is ani written or oral express of dissatisfact rel to the physic properti , condit , label , potenc and/or packag of the product , includ whether the product is suspect or confirm to be counterfeit . 3. promot respons : 3.1. promot shall ensur that all employe and , if applic , subcontractor employe perform activ under thi agreement ( “ promot personnel ” ) who may becom awar of a safeti report associ with the use of the product compli with the requir set out in thi exhibit . 3.2. if promot personnel becom awar of a safeti report that may be associ with the product , promot shall inform siga in accord with the report procedur includ in thi exhibit and as may be updat and provid to promot in the futur by siga . 3.3. in the event promot engag a subcontractor to perform servic relat to thi agreement , promot shall request fulfil by that subcontractor of these safeti report requir on substanti the same term as those outlin in thi exhibit , unless it is establish that there is no possibl that the subcontract servic will involv receipt or handl of safeti report by the subcontractor . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 3.4. in the event that promot receiv a commun from a regulatori author relat to the product , promot shall inform siga as soon as possibl , but in ani event no later than one ( 1 ) busi day or three ( 3 ) calendar day of receipt , whichev is shorter . where possibl , siga shall be inform prior to , and have the opportun to review , ani respons to the regulatori author by promot . 4. report process : 4.1. report time-fram : promot shall report all safeti report to siga within two ( 2 ) busi day or four ( 4 ) calendar day of awar , whichev is shorter . all report shall be sent to : drug safeti unit - contact detail : regulatori affair , siga technolog e-mail : drugsafetysiga.com telephon : 541-753-2000 fax : 541-753-9999 postal address : siga technolog , inc. 4575 research way , suit 110 , corval , or 97333 4.2. case receipt confirm : the receipt of safeti report from promot shall be acknowledg by siga in write no later than one ( 1 ) busi day follow receipt . if acknowledg of receipt is not receiv within thi timefram , then promot shall contact siga to determin if the sourc document need to be re-sent . 4.3. case document and record retent : promot shall document all safeti report receiv and report to siga . document shall includ , where possibl the name , address , and telephon number of the report , and whether consent ha been given by the report to be re-contact by siga . promot will maintain a record of each safeti report receiv , includ relev sourc document , and a record of each safeti report report to siga for a minimum period of ten ( 10 ) year after the expir or termin of thi agreement and , if request , will provid these and ani other inform request by siga . notwithstand the aforement requir , befor promot destroy ani safeti report and associ sourc document , or train record , it will notifi siga of it intent to do so and afford siga the opportun to retain such record if it so wish . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 5. data privaci : in forward safeti report to siga , promot shall compli with all applic privaci and data protect law , rule and regul on the protect of individu with regard to the process of person data and the free movement of such data . “ person data ” mean inform that can be use by itself or in combin with other avail inform to identifi a specif individu . the promot shall collect , use and disclos ani person data obtain in the cours of perform the safeti relat activ under thi agreement sole for the purpos of compli with the regulatori oblig as describ in thi agreement , or as otherwis requir by law or by a court order . promot shall use electron , physic , and other safeguard appropri to the natur of the inform to prevent ani use or disclosur of person data other than as provid for by thi agreement . promot will also take reason precaut to protect the person data from alter or destruct . promot shall notifi siga promptli of ani accident , unauthor , or unlaw destruct , loss , alter , or disclosur of , or access to , the person data ( “ secur breach ” ) , and take immedi step to rectifi ani secur breach . 6. audit : siga , or it author repres , shall have the right , at it cost , with reason advanc notic , dure regular busi hour , to audit the facil use by the promot in order to review the promot activ under thi exhibit includ , but not limit to , ani document relev to these activ , for complianc with the safeti report requir set out in thi exhibit . where evid of non- complianc is identifi siga and promot will jointli discuss to determin appropri correct and prevent action and promot will provid siga with regular report on the complet statu of the identifi correct and prevent action . sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019 schedul 8.2 ( b ) encumbr the asset of siga are subject to a lien under the loan and secur agreement date septemb 2 , 2016. sourc : siga technolog inc , 8-k , 6/3/2019