walabot-hom resel agreement thi walabot-hom resel agreement ( “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into as of thi 31 day of juli 2019 ( “ effect date ” ) by and between vayyar imag ltd. , have it princip place of busi at 3 avraham giron st. , pob . 325 , yehud 5621717 , israel ( “ supplier ” ) , and ind live hold , inc. , have it princip place of busi at 1462 rudder lane , knoxvil , tn 37919 ( “ resel ” ) . vayyar and resel shall be refer to individu as “ parti ” and collect as “ parti ” . 1. definit . the follow capit term shall have the follow mean : “ custom ” mean a third parti who purchas the product from resel within the territori , for it intern use onli ( includ for the person use of it end user ) , such as nurs home . “ end user ” mean a third parti who is a custom of custom or is otherwis relat to a custom of custom , and who purchas and/or use the product within the territori , for it person use onli . “ end user agreement ” mean supplier ’ s standard licens agreement , which are avail at http : //walabot.com/walabot-hom , which govern each end user ’ s right to use the product , as amend by supplier in it sole discret from time to time . “ moq ” mean the minimum order quantiti of product unit dure the initi term , as set forth in schedul 1. . “ order ” mean a written purchas order for product to be purchas by the resel . “ product ” mean the product list in schedul 1 . “ softwar ” mean supplier ’ s proprietari softwar compon , includ as part of the product , includ all improv , correct , updat , upgrad and ani relat document and deriv thereof . “ territori ” mean the countri and/or territori list in schedul 1. appoint dure the term ( defin below ) and subject to the term and condit of thi agreement ( includ , but not limit to section 12.4 hereof ) , supplier herebi ( i ) appoint resel , and resel accept the appoint , as a non‐ exclus resel of the product in the territori . in connect with the forego appoint , supplier herebi grant resel a non-transfer , revoc , limit right to resel , market , promot , stimul interest in , and solicit order by custom and/or end user in the territori for the product and to provid servic in connect with those activ . resel shall be sole respons for all of it cost and expens relat to the resal of the product . notwithstand anyth to the contrari , supplier reserv ani and all right with respect to the product not expressli grant in thi agreement . without limit the right of the resel to receiv ani and all paid-for product ( includ but not limit to under section 4.2 hereof ) , noth in thi agreement shall entitl the resel to ani prioriti of suppli in relat to the product as against ani other distributor or custom of the supplier . “ paid‐ for product ” mean product for which resel submit an order , had that order accept by supplier , and for which resel ha remit payment in full to the supplier under thi agreement . subject to the term of section 13 , below , it is herebi clarifi that supplier may , in it sole discret , sell the product to ani other person or entiti , whether within the territori or otherwis . . . . oblig of resel by fulfil it oblig under thi agreement , the resel shall : ( i ) compli with all applic law and regulations; ( ii ) use materi and brand sole as determin by the supplier ( subject to the right of the resel to make chang to such materi as are describ in section 2.4 ) ; ( iii ) attend train and sale meet as requir by the supplier , so as to be abl to describ , demonstr , and sell the product adequately; ( iv ) make sure that all the end user are sign the end user agreement , and in the event that ani end user doe not compli with these term , resel shall bear all liabil associ with said end user; and ( v ) make no represent or warranti with respect to the product other than those provid in the product ’ documentation; supplier shall be fulli respons for ship the product to the resel at the address of the resel specifi in each order ( or as otherwis commun by resel to supplier under thi agreement ) and will obtain and provid for itself and/or on behalf of resel , ani and all registr , licens , permit , certif and all other document and inform requir for the export , import , storag , market and otherwis resal of the product in the territori . for such process , supplier will alloc the addit cost on a pre-agre per product unit addit price basi , which will be subject to an increas ( subject to chang in tax ) . resel agre to reimburs supplier for the reason out of pocket cost and expens incur by supplier in connect with the shipment and deliveri of the product , and of obtain the forego registr , licens , permit , certif and other document , provid that supplier submit an invoic therefor in reason detail ( and unless and sole to the extent such reimburs is prohibit by section 14.9 or prohibit under other applic law ) . for the avoid of doubt , in no way will supplier be subject to ani tax ( i.e. , sale tax ) relat to the sale of the product to resel ’ s custom and/or end user . 1 . 1.1 . 1.2 . 1.3 . 1.4 . 1.5 . 1.6 . 1.7 . 1.8 . 1.9 . 2 . 2.1 . 2.2 . 2.3 . 2.4 . 3 . 3.1 . 3.2. sourc : healthcar integr technolog inc. , 8-k , 8/12/2019 diagnost , telemetr data and analyt . supplier will retain access to diagnost , telemetr data and analyt gener by the product . the data shall be upload to supplier ’ s firebas server in a time manner . a server interfac will be embed within the softwar packag provid by the supplier . distributor will maintain supplier ’ s interfac to the server and access to such data within the product; provid that the data and analyt to be receiv by the supplier shall , in all case , not be in violat of ani applic privaci or other law . order , payment and deliveri . if resel fail to submit order with an aggreg valu equal to or greater than the moq , then resel shall pay supplier a sum equal to the shortfal , within 30 day after the end of the initi term . upon payment of such amount , seller shall deliv the product paid for to resel in a commerci reason timefram ( and in no event ani later than 150 day from the date such payment is receiv in full ) to be sold by resel in accord with thi agreement as contempl by the last sentenc of section 12.4. resel shall place it order by email , at the email address set out in schedul 1. each order shall detail the total order quantiti of the product and the request date of deliveri ( take into consider up to 4 month lead time ) . within 5 busi day follow the receipt of each order , supplier shall acknowledg receipt of such order . no order shall be bind upon supplier until such written acknowledg wa sent by supplier to reseller; provid that supplier shall confirm or reject such order at it discret . . packag , sampl and transport immedi upon deliveri of the product at the resel ’ s facil within the territori ( “ arriv date ” ) , resel shall visual inspect the product and the appropri document , and employ good receiving/deliv procedur , verif of the product to confirm origin , ident , quantiti , label storag condit , integr of the packag as well as ani other inspect , as may be requir by applic law or regul . resel shall ensur that the product are deliv with appropri inform and document , and shall not make ani chang to the product or to the packag or label thereof , or to the legal document includ in the product ’ packag , without supplier ’ s prior written consent ( subject to the right of the resel to make chang to such materi as are describ in section 2.4 ) . resel shall ensur traceabl of the deliv product . defect products; warranty; support . dure the term supplier may extend an offer to resel for a return discount program , wherebi the supplier will rebat a percentag of the cost of good sold in lieu of accept end-us return . in the event no return discount program ha been enter into by the parti , supplier will not accept return product , except for case of defect product . . . intellectu properti supplier shall retain all it right and titl to and ownership of all intellectu properti right in the product includ , inter alia , all document , enhanc , improv or other modif made thereof ( includ those modif made in connect with section 3.1 abov ) , and except as expressli provid in thi agreement , resel shall have no right , titl , or interest in ani intellectu properti right in the product . noth in thi section shall limit the right of the resel in or to ani modif made to the softwar in accord with section 2.3. resel shall : ( a ) not do or omit to do , nor author ani third parti to do or omit to do , ani act or omiss that would or might invalid or be inconsist with ani of supplier ’ s intellectu properti rights; ( b ) promptli notifi supplier of ani actual , threaten , or suspect infring of ani of supplier ’ s intellectu properti right that come to resel ’ s notice; and ( c ) at supplier ’ s request and expens , do all such thing as may be reason requir to assist supplier in take or resist ani proceed in relat to ani such infring or claim . confidenti inform . each parti agre that it will maintain the confidenti of all electron , oral , and written commun from the other parti which should reason be regard in the normal commerci view , as constitut confidenti inform , trade secret or proprietari inform ( “ confidenti inform ” ) and use such confidenti inform onli as necessari to exercis a parti ’ s right or perform a parti ’ s oblig under thi agreement . each parti shall : ( i ) safeguard and keep secret all confidenti inform , and will not directli or indirectli disclos to ani third parti the confidenti inform without written permiss of the other; and ( ii ) in perform it oblig hereund , use at least the same degre of care as it doe with respect to it own confidenti inform of like import but , in ani event , at least reason care . ani inform relat to the product shall be consid the supplier ’ s confidenti inform . if either parti becom legal oblig to make disclosur of the other parti ’ s confidenti inform , that parti shall immedi notifi the first parti and reason cooper with the first parti in ani effort to limit or object to the disclosur . 3.3 . 4 . 4.1 . 4.2 . 4.3 . 4.4 . 5 . 5.1 . 5.2 . 6 . 6.1 . 6.2 . 6.3 . 6.4 . 7 . 7.1 . 7.2 . 8. sourc : healthcar integr technolog inc. , 8-k , 8/12/2019 disclaim of warranti . unless specifi otherwis herein ( includ but not limit to the back to back warranti specifi in section 6.5 ) and without limit to ani warranti which supplier may , in it sole discret , make to ani custom and/or end user , the product are provid on an “ as is ” and “ as avail ” basi , and supplier doe not make ani warranti , express or impli , with respect to the product or it oper thereof , merchant and fit for a particular purpos . limit of liabil to the maximum extent permit by applic law , in no event shall supplier be liabl under , or otherwis in connect with , thi agreement for : ( a ) ani consequenti , indirect , special , incident , or punit damages; ( b ) ani loss of profit , loss of busi , loss of revenu , or loss of anticip savings; ( c ) ani loss of , or damag to , data , reput , or goodwill; and/or ( d ) the cost of procur ani substitut good or servic . the aggreg liabil of supplier under , or in connect with , thi agreement shall be equal to the lesser of : ( i ) ; and ( ii ) . the forego exclus and limit shall appli : ( a ) even if supplier ha been advis , or should have been awar , of the possibl of loss or damages; ( b ) even if ani remedi in thi agreement fail of it essenti purpose; and ( c ) regardless of the theori or basi of liabil ( includ , without limit , breach of contract , tort , neglig or strict liabil ) . indemnif . resel shall defend , indemnifi and hold harmless supplier and it employe , offic , director , supplier , and successor from and against ani third-parti claim , suit , proceed , damag , loss and/or liabil aris from or relat to ( i ) resel ’ s breach of ani provis of thi agreement; and/or ( ii ) resel ’ s interact and/or relationship with ani custom and/or end user or other third parti . term and termin thi agreement shall becom effect on the effect date and shall remain in effect for an initi period of 1 year ( “ initi term ” ) . thereaft , thi agreement shall automat be renew for success 1-year term ( each a “ renew term ” , and togeth with the initi term , the “ term ” ) . follow the initi term , either parti may termin thi agreement without caus upon written notic to the other parti of at least 3 month . without derog from ani other remedi that ani parti may have under the term of thi agreement or at law , each parti shall have the right to termin thi agreement forthwith upon the occurr of ani of the follow : ( i ) the other parti is in materi breach of it oblig hereund and fail to remedi such breach within 30 day after be request in write to do so; or ( ii ) the other parti ’ s bankruptci , insolv , liquid , whether voluntarili or otherwis , or if it make an assign for the benefit of creditor . upon ani termin of thi agreement : ( i ) all right grant by supplier to resel under the agreement revert to supplier; ( ii ) resel shall transfer to supplier all data , report and ani other inform gener by resel in the cours of perform of thi agreement; and ( iii ) ani payment oblig which had accru or becom payabl prior to the date of termin ( includ the payment oblig under section 4.2 ) shall surviv termin of thi agreement . upon termin of thi agreement , the provis in section 1 , 6.5 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12.3 , 12.4 , 13 ( but sole to the extent state in the last sentenc of that section ) , and 14 shall remain in effect as necessari to carri out the purpos of those section after termin . in addit to the forego , if , at the time of termin of thi agreement , resel shall have addit product unit in it inventori and is abl to sell them to custom and/or end user ( includ , without limit , ani product unit for which resel ha or is oblig to pay the supplier the purchas price therefor but which have not yet been deliv to the resel by supplier , which supplier herebi agre to either deliv as otherwis contempl by thi agreement as if it had not termin or to refund the purchas price therefor ) , then the licens and appoint describ in section 2 shall remain in effect with respect to such unsold product unit ( and such section 2 shall not termin ) until the earlier of ( i ) the date on which the last product in resel ’ s inventori is sold to a custom and/or end user , or ( ii ) 1 year from the date of the termin of thi agreement . . gener supplier and/or resel may assign or novat thi agreement and the right and oblig under it to ani of it affili or upon ani merger or acquisit or the sale of all or substanti all of it asset relat to the agreement . ani purport assign of right in violat of thi subsect is void . the relationship between the parti is that of supplier and purchas . resel is an independ contractor and is not the legal repres , agent , joint ventur , partner , or employe of supplier . resel may describ itself as supplier ’ s ‘ author distributor ’ , but may not hold itself out as the supplier ’ s agent . resel ha no author to assum or creat ani oblig of ani kind or to make ani represent or warranti , whether express or impli , on behalf of the supplier , nor to bind the supplier in ani respect . 9 . 10 . 10.1 . 10.2 . 11 . 12 . 12.1 . 12.2 . 12.3 . 12.4 . 13 . 14 . 14.1 . 14.2. sourc : healthcar integr technolog inc. , 8-k , 8/12/2019 except as to the time payment by resel for the product purchas under thi agreement , no failur or omiss to carri out or observ ani provis of thi agreement shall give rise to ani claim by one parti against the other , or be a breach of thi agreement , if the same is caus by or aris out of circumst beyond the reason control of the other parti , includ technic difficulti beyond such parti ’ s reason control that delay or prevent manufactur ( “ forc majeur ” ) . howev , the parti shall endeavor to avoid , remov , or cure all such condit as soon as is reason feasibl . if either parti is prevent or hinder from carri out it oblig under thi agreement due to a forc majeur , thi agreement shall be suspend as long as the forc majeur persist . if such period exce 1 month , either parti may termin thi agreement on give written notic to the other . no failur or delay on the part of either parti to exercis ani right or remedi under thi agreement shall be constru or oper as a waiver thereof , nor shall ani singl or partial exercis of ani right or remedi preclud the further exercis of such right or remedi . if ani provis or part of ani provis of thi agreement is found to be invalid or unenforc for ani reason , the other provis of thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect as if the agreement had been execut without that provis or part . all notic or other commun hereund shall be in write and shall be given in person , by courier or by regist mail ( provid that written confirm of receipt is provid ) address as set forth in the head of thi agreement or such other address as ani parti may design to the other in accord with thi procedur . all commun deliv in person or by courier servic shall be deem to have been receiv upon deliveri , shall be deem to have been receiv on the busi day follow transmiss with confirm answer back , and all notic and other commun sent by regist mail shall be deem to have been receiv within 3 busi day after post . thi agreement shall be govern by the law of the state of new york and all disput and controversi aris out of or in connect with the agreement shall be brought exclus befor the compet court in new york counti , new york; provid howev that judgment shall be enforc in ani countri and that noth in thi section shall prevent or restrict either parti from seek interim relief in ani compet jurisdict as it may deem fit . thi agreement constitut the entir agreement between the supplier and the resel . all previou or contemporan agreement , propos , understand , and commun between the supplier and the resel are replac in their entireti by thi agreement . in enter into thi agreement , neither parti ha reli on ani warranti , represent , or other matter other than as set out in thi agreement . all condit , warranti , or other term impli by statut or common law are exclud to the fullest extent permit by law . thi agreement may be amend onli by a written instrument execut by author repres of the parti . each of resel and supplier will , respect , ensur that it and it employe , agent or affili , or by ani independ contractor on it behalf or for it benefit , shall compli with the unit state ’ foreign corrupt practic act of 1977 , as amend ( 15 u.s.c . §§ 78dd-1 et seq . ) and ani analog anti-briberi and anti-corrupt law , rule , regul that may appli to ani of the transact contempl under thi agreement , includ but not limit to in connect with the sale , resal , import , export , transport , or shipment of the product . neither parti to thi agreement will make ani payment , directli or indirectli , of money or other asset , includ but not limit to compens deriv from thi agreement or ani order place under it , to govern or polit parti offici , offici of intern organ , candid for public offic , or repres of other busi or person act on behalf of ani of the forego , that would constitut a violat of ani law , rule , or regul . in wit whereof , the parti have execut thi agreement as of the effect date . vayyar imag ltd. indeliv hold , inc. by : /s/ raviv melam by : /s/ robert forrest chief execut offic chief execut offic 14.3 . 14.4 . 14.5 . 14.6 . 14.7 . 14.8 . 14.9. sourc : healthcar integr technolog inc. , 8-k , 8/12/2019 schedul 1 territori , product , price , order address , notic territori usa product walabot home hardwar devic price per product unit + for shipment and tax ( subject to ani tax chang ) moq unit address to which order should be sent supplier ’ s order email address : logisticswalabot.com address for notic to the supplier vayyar ltd. 3 avraham giron st. , pob . 325 , yehud 5621717 , israel address for notic to resel ind live hold , inc 1462 rudder lane knoxvil , tn 37919 vayyar wire transfer detail payment term sourc : healthcar integr technolog inc. , 8-k , 8/12/2019