exhibit 10.1 resel agreement thi resel agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into effect the 7th day of april , 2017 ( “ effect date ” ) , by and between i3 integr creativ solut , llc ( “ i3 ic ” ) , a virginia limit liabil compani , have it offic at 6564 loisdal court suit 1010b , springfield , va 22150 ( “ resel ” ) and the compani set forth below ( “ compani ” ) ( each , individu , a “ parti ” and collect , “ parti ” ) : compani : bravatek solut , inc. ( bvtk ) telephon : 1-866-490-8590 address:2028 e. ben white blvd. , suit 240-2835 fax : n/a austin , texa 78741 e-mail : tom.celluccibravatek.com territori : us feder govern civilian and militari agencies/custom in the u.s. agreement term : 1 year compani product : cybersecur email software/telecom servic other term ( not applic if blank ) : price : resel will obtain price quot from compani for each opportun . contract is renew for 1 year extens by amend to thi agreement . either parti may termin thi agreement for non-caus with a sixti ( 60 ) written notic . the parti agre as follow : 1. definit . a. “ compani ” shall have the mean assign in the preambl . b. “ compani product ” shall have the mean assign in the preambl . c. “ effect date ” shall have the mean assign in the preambl . d. “ mark ” shall have the mean assign in section 7. e. “ net revenu ” shall mean gross receipt collect by compani or resel from the distribut of compani product , [ less third parti commiss , equip sale , deliveri cost , tax , refund , and credit . f. “ proprietari inform ” shall have the mean assign in section 11. g. “ regist referr ” shall mean a name account ( i ) for which “ resel ” identifi & creat the opportun , provid sale assist ( as defin below ) , and ( ii ) which lead to a direct sale with the “ compani ” . regist referr may fall into two categori : sale execut by the “ compani ” , and via a third parti ’ s prime contract . h. “ sale assist ” shall mean ( i ) introduct to and schedul meet with key execut at the name account ( e.g. , cxo , vice presid of infrastructur and vice presid of applic develop ) , and ( ii ) gener and deliv propos and provid other market and sale support necessari to close the opportun and obtain an order from the name account . sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017 i . “ regist opportun ” shall mean a name account ( i ) for which “ resel ” identifi & creat the opportun , and ( ii ) the “ resel ” purchas directli from the “ compani ” at a discount and sell to the custom . j . “ fulfil transact ” shall mean a sale through the resel ’ s contract vehicl to a feder agenc entiti that is not a regist referr or regist opportun k. “ referr fee ” shall have the mean assign in exhibit b. l. “ resel ” shall have the mean assign in the preambl . m. “ territori ” shall have the mean assign in the preambl . 2. gener scope . compani develop or provid compani product and desir that resel promot and solicit commit to buy compani product in the territori . 3. resel activity. resel shall have the right to solicit order for compani product within the territori . in it activ under thi agreement , resel shall use the then-curr name for the compani product and ani sale or market document or form provid by compani . 4. compani obligations. compani shall provid resel with the support describ in exhibit b . compani shall compli with good busi practic and all applic law and regul . dure the term of thi agreement , compani shall notifi resel of ani chang , modif or the discontinu of ani of the compani product within thirti ( 30 ) day . compani shall make reason accommod for ani ongo sale or exist sale . 5. exclus on regist referr and opportun . dure the term hereof and for a period of six ( 6 ) month follow the termin of thi agreement or the discontinu of ani of the compani product , ( i ) the resel shall have the exclus right to commiss for ani regist referr , ( ii ) the compani shall not market , promot , sell , or distribut compani product or solicit or procur order for the compani product , or for ani product ( s ) or servic ( s ) similar to the compani product , in the territori other than through the resel and pursuant to thi agreement , except with the prior written consent of the resel , and ( iii ) without limit to the forego , the compani shall not , directli or through other parti ( whether agent , repres , intermediari , resel or other parti ) , market , promot , sell , distribut , solicit or procur order to ani exist or prospect custom of the resel . 6. compens . in the event that resel ( i ) refer a regist referr to compani , through deliveri to compani of the lead form attach hereto as exhibit a , and ( ii ) such regist referr execut an agreement to purchas ani of such compani product or servic , then compani shall pay resel a referr fee , as specifi in exhibit b attach hereto . referr fee will be paid within thirti ( 30 ) day of the collect of receiv from the regist referr . in the event an opportun is request and the govern elect to use a differ contract vehicl as describ in 1g , resel will still receiv referr fee outlin in exhibit b. sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017 7. trademark , trade name and other design . subject to the term of thi agreement , compani grant resel the right to use and display the compani trademark , tradenam and other design of sourc , and proprietari notic , slogan , design and distinct advertis as may appear on ani document or other materi with respect to product ( “ mark ” ) with prior approv , that will not be unreason withheld . 8. warranti disclaim . resel shall make no represent , guarante , or warranti concern the compani product except as expressli author in advanc by compani in write . to the extent the resel ha compli with the oblig set forth in thi section , the compani shall indemnifi and hold harmless the resel for ani and all loss suffer by the resel or it affili ( whether directli or in connect with a claim by a third parti ) as a result of or in connect with the compani product . addit , the resel shall indemnifi and hold harmless the compani for ani and all loss suffer by the compani or it affili ( whether directli or in connect with a claim by a third parti ) as a result of or in connect with the resel ’ s activ . 9. relationship of parti . the parti hereto expressli understand and agre that each parti is an independ contractor in the perform of each and everi part of thi agreement . 10. termin . a. unless termin earlier as provid herein , thi agreement shall have the term set forth abov ( which commenc on the effect date ) . b. thi agreement may be termin by resel for caus immedi upon the occurr of ani of the follow event : ( i ) if the use or sale of compani product are enjoin due to ani claim of infring of ani u.s. patent or copyright or of ani misappropri of trade secrets; ( ii ) if compani ceas to do busi , or otherwis termin it busi operations; or ( iii ) if compani breach ani provis of thi agreement and fail to fulli cure such breach within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day of written notic from resel describ the breach . c. thi agreement may be termin by compani for caus immedi upon the occurr of ani of the follow event : ( i ) if resel ceas to do busi , or otherwis termin it busi operations; or ( ii ) if resel breach ani provis of thi agreement and fail to fulli cure such breach within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day of written notic from compani describ the breach . d. neither parti shall incur ani liabil whatsoev for ani damag , loss or expens of ani kind suffer or incur by the other parti aris from or incid to ani termin of thi agreement , which compli with the term of the agreement , whether or not the termin parti is awar of ani such damag , loss or expens . sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017 e. upon termin or expir of thi agreement , other than with respect to custom of the resel exist at ani time prior to the termin or expir and with respect to ongo sale or prospect sale , resel ( i ) shall immedi discontinu ani use of the name , logotyp , mark or slogan of compani , ( ii ) shall immedi discontinu all represent or statement from which it might be infer that ani relationship exist between the parti , ( iii ) will ceas to promot , solicit order for or procur order for the product , ( iv ) will immedi return to compani all proprietari inform ( as defin below ) and ani other inform or materi of compani in it possess , custodi or control in whatev form held ( includ copi or embodi thereof relat thereto ) . notwithstand the forego , the right to payment accru prior to the termin or expir shall surviv termin or expir of thi agreement . 11. proprietari right . each parti acknowledg that , in the cours of perform it duti under thi agreement , it may obtain from the other parti , certain busi , technic or financi inform , all of which is confidenti and proprietari ( “ proprietari inform ” ) . the parti shall , at all time , both dure the term of thi agreement and after it termin , keep in trust and confid all such proprietari inform of the other parti , and shall not use such proprietari inform other than in the cours of it duti as expressli provid in thi agreement; nor shall a parti or it employe disclos ani such proprietari inform of the other to ani person without such other parti ’ s prior written consent . neither parti shall be bound by thi section with respect to inform it can document ha enter or later enter the public domain as a result of no act or omiss of the receiv parti , or is law receiv by such parti from third parti without restrict and without breach of ani duti of nondisclosur by ani such third parti . 12. liabil limit . except for in the event of will misconduct or gross neglig , the resel and it affili shall not be liabl to the compani , and shall have no oblig to indemnifi or hold harmless the compani , with respect to or in connect with ani loss result from or caus by the compani product . 13. indemnif . compani shall indemnifi , defend and hold resel and it offic , director , employe , sharehold , agent , successor and assign , harmless from and against ani claim , demand lawsuit , caus of action or loss of ani natur whatsoev , includ reason attorney ’ fee , suffer or incur by resel or ani of them , aris out of , ( i ) ani claim that the compani product infring ani u.s. patent or copyright or that the compani product incorpor ani misappropri trade secret or ( ii ) ani claim for injuri or other loss to ani person aris from the use of compani product . addit , resel shall indemnifi , defend and hold compani and it offic , director , employe , sharehold , agent , successor and assign , harmless from and against ani claim , demand lawsuit , caus of action or loss of ani natur whatsoev , includ reason attorney ’ fee , suffer or incur by compani or ani of them , aris out of , ( i ) ani claim that the resel ’ s activ infring ani u.s. busi law or that the resel ’ s activ violat ani u.s. govern process , procedur or requir or ( ii ) ani claim for injuri or other loss to ani person aris from the use of resel ’ s activ . sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017 14. miscellan . if ani provis of thi agreement is held to be illeg or unenforc , that provis shall be limit or elimin to the minimum extent necessari so that thi agreement shall otherwis remain in full forc and effect and enforc . except as otherwis expressli provid herein , ani provis of thi agreement may be amend or waiv onli with the written consent of both parti . thi agreement may be execut in separ counterpart , each of which so execut and deliv ( includ by email pdf ) shall constitut an origin , but all such counterpart shall togeth constitut one and the same instrument . thi agreement shall be govern by and constru under the law of the commonwealth of virginia without regard to the conflict of law provis thereof . thi agreement supersed all prior agreement or discuss between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof . resel bravatek solut , inc. i3 ic , llc by : /s/ philip a. oakley by : /s/ thoma a. cellucci name : philip a. oakley name : thoma a. cellucci titl : presid titl : chairman & ceo date : april 17 , 2017 date : april 17 , 2017 sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017 exhibit a lead form custom info : date : compani product : purchas price ( in u.s. dollar ) : total licens fee : term : evalu term : [ ye or no ] sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017 exhibit b resel compens earn commiss : resel will be compens for regist referr and regist opportun ( as defin in section 1g , 1i . ) base on the follow schedul : regist referr : · 25 of net revenu ( as defin in section 1e . ) with a company-resel agre upon sale price in write , the case of compani ’ s softwar product . the compani ’ s telecom servic will be agre upon on a case-by-cas basi in write . regist opportun : · “ resel ” will purchas directli from the “ compani ” at a 25 discount off the company-resel agre upon sale price . · if sale is made through sewp , there will be an addit 4 discount off the sale price to cover the prime contract usag fee ( typic 7-10 ) off the company-resellar agre upon sale price . fulfil transact discount ( as defin in section 1j ) : · “ resel ” will purchas directli from the “ compani ” at a 7-10 discount off the sale price . payment term : for a regist referr where the custom purchas directli from compani or anoth channel/contract vehicl other than resel , earn commiss are payabl within thirti ( 30 ) day of when such amount are collect by compani . for a regist opportun where the custom purchas from resel , payment will be made by resel to compani within 5 day of receipt of payment ( paid when paid ) . expens reimburs : reimburs will be provid onli for expens pre-approv in write by compani . market expens : as may be agre to by the parti in write . sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017 compani support oblig product train : train on the compani product as need . market materi : electron and print copi of exist market materi as need . compani personnel resourc : · access to technic resourc for demonstr and meet · access to compani custom support servic sourc : bravatek solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/18/2017