exhibit 10.22 transit servic agreement transit servic agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) date as of [ • ] , 2020 , between reynold group hold inc. , a delawar corpor ( “ rghi ” ) , and reynold consum product inc. , a delawar corpor , ( the “ compani ” or “ rcp ” ) . each parti or ani of it affili provid servic hereund shall be a “ provid , ” and each parti or ani of it affili receiv servic hereund shall be a “ recipient. ” preliminari statement a. prior to the commenc date , rghi and the compani were wholli own subsidiari of reynold group hold limit , a compani organ under the law of new zealand ( “ rghl ” ) . effect februari 4 , 2020 ( the “ commenc date ” ) , rcp is undertak an initi public offer of share of common stock and thereaft the compani will no longer be a subsidiari of rghl . b. in order to facilit the separ of the compani and it affili from rghi and it affili , ( i ) rghi will provid , or caus it affili to provid , certain servic to the compani and it affili , and ( ii ) the compani will provid , or caus it affili to provid , certain servic to rghi and it affili , all on the term and condit set forth herein . now , therefor , the parti agre as follow : articl i definit section 1.1 definit . the follow term shall have the respect mean set forth below throughout thi agreement : “ affili ” mean , with respect to ani person , ani other person who directli or indirectli , through one or more intermediari , control , is control by , or is under common control with , such person . the term “ control ” mean the possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag and polici of a person , whether through the ownership of vote secur , by contract or otherwis , and the term “ control ” and “ control ” have mean correl thereto . for the avoid of doubt , for the purpos of thi agreement and all exhibit thereto , the term affili shall not appli to the relationship between rghi or rghl or either of their respect affili on the one hand and rcp and it direct and indirect subsidiari on the other hand . “ applic rate ” mean the averag of the daili “ prime rate ” ( express rate per annum ) publish in the wall street journal for each of the day in the applic period , plu two percent ( 2 ) . “ busi ” mean the manufactur and sale of consum product includ cook product , wast & storag product , and tablewar by the compani and activ ancillari thereto . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 “ busi day ” mean ani day that is not ( a ) a saturday , ( b ) a sunday , or ( c ) ani other day on which commerci bank are author or requir by law to be close in the citi of new york . “ chang ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( c ) . “ commenc date ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl . “ confidenti inform ” mean ani inform of a parti , it affili , member , licensor , consult , servic provid , advisor or agent that is confidenti or proprietari , howev record or preserv , whether written or oral . confidenti inform includ trade secret , price data , employe inform , custom inform , cost inform , supplier inform , financi and tax matter , third-parti contract term , invent , know-how , process , method , model , technic inform , schedul , code , idea , concept , data , softwar and busi plan ( regardless of whether such inform is identifi as confidenti ) . “ disput negoti ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.3 ( b ) . “ fee ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.1 . “ forc majeur event ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.1 . “ government author ” mean government or quasi-government entiti of ani natur ( includ ani government agenc , branch , depart , offici , or entiti and ani court or other tribun ) or ( iii ) bodi exercis , or entitl to exercis ani administr , execut , judici , legisl , polic , regulatori or tax author or power of ani natur , includ ani arbitr tribun . “ indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . “ indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 9.1 . “ law ” mean a law , statut , order , ordin , rule , regul , judgment , injunct , order , or decre . “ litig ” mean ani action , ceas and desist letter , demand , suit , arbitr proceed , administr or regulatori proceed , citat , summon or subpoena of ani natur , civil , crimin , regulatori or otherwis , in law or in equiti . “ loss ” mean ani and all damag , liabil , loss , oblig , claim of ani kind , interest and expens ( includ reason fee and expens of attorney ) . “ migrat plan ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( c ) . “ migrat servic ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( c ) . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 “ multi-parti contract ” mean a contract with a custom or supplier pursuant to which both rcp and rghi or ani of it affili provid a benefit to or receiv a benefit from a third parti . “ parti ” mean rghi or compani , as applic ( collect , the “ parti ” ) . “ personnel ” mean , with respect to ani parti , ( i ) the employe , offic and director of such parti or it affili or ( ii ) agent , account , attorney , independ contractor and other third parti engag by such parti or it affili . “ provid ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl . “ rcp name ” mean the regist and unregist trademark and corpor name use by rcp , rghi and it respect affili immedi prior to the commenc date which includ the word “ reynold ” and ani deriv thereof . “ recipi ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl “ revers transit servic ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( b ) . “ rghi letter of credit ” mean all letter of credit , perform bond or other sureti agreement that rghl or rghi or it affili have in place with respect to the compani . “ rghi guarante ” mean all guarante extend by rghi or rghl or it affili on behalf of the compani . “ sale and servic tax ” ha the mean set forth in section 5.5 . “ secur incid ” ha the mean set forth in section 4.1 . “ secur regul ” mean a parti ’ s and it affili ’ system secur polici , procedur and requir , as amend from time to time . “ servic coordin ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.3 ( a ) . “ servic standard ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.1 ( a ) . “ servic ” mean the transit servic and the revers transit servic , unless the context requir otherwis . “ system ” ha the mean set forth in section 3.5 . “ tax ” mean ani feder , state , local or foreign incom , altern , minimum , accumul earn , person hold compani , franchis , capit stock , profit , windfal profit , gross receipt , sale , use , valu ad , transfer , registr , stamp , premium , excis , custom duti , sever , environment ( includ tax under section 59a of the code ) , real properti , person properti , ad valorem , occup , licens , occup , employ , payrol , social secur , disabl , unemploy , worker ’ compens , withhold , estim or other similar tax , duti , fee , assess or other government charg or defici thereof ( includ all interest and penalti thereon and addit thereto ) . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 “ termin parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.3 . “ term ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.1 . “ termin date ” ha the mean set forth in section 6.1 . “ transit servic ” ha the mean set forth in section 2.1 ( a ) . “ tsa record ” ha the mean set forth in section 7.1 ( a ) . articl ii servic and intern control section 2.1 servic . ( a ) dure the applic term of ani servic , and in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement , rghi shall provid , or shall caus it affili or , subject to section 2.2 , third parti to provid , to the compani or one or more of it affili ( in connect with the conduct of the busi ) the servic describ on exhibit a hereto ( the “ transit servic ” ) . notwithstand the content of exhibit a , rghi agre to consid in good faith ani reason request by the compani for access to ani addit servic that is necessari for the oper of the busi , at fee to be agre upon after good faith negoti between the parti . rghi will not be in in breach of thi agreement if rghi declin to provid a request addit servic for ani good faith reason , includ the failur of the parti to agre to the scope , term , and fee for the addit servic . ani such addit servic so provid by rghi shall constitut servic hereund and be subject in all respect to the provis of thi agreement as if fulli set forth on exhibit a as of the date hereof . ( b ) dure the applic term of ani servic , and in accord with the term and condit of thi agreement , compani shall provid , or shall caus it affili or , subject to section 2.2 , third parti to provid , to rghi or one or more of it affili , the servic describ on exhibit b hereto ( the “ revers transit servic ” ) . ( c ) in addit to the servic describ on exhibit a hereto , rghi shall , and shall caus it affili to undertak the segreg and extract requir to separ the it system , data , record and process of the compani , or thereaft creat in the conduct of the busi from rghi ’ s it environ or infrastructur , and migrat them to rcp ’ s , or ani of it affili ’ , it environ or infrastructur ( collect , the “ migrat servic ” ) . for the avoid of doubt , migrat servic appli to servic onli and do not includ the acquisit or suppli of ani hardwar , softwar , licens ( except where rghi , at the request of rcp , acquir such hardwar , softwar , or licens at rcp ’ s cost ) , or ongo oper support servic for the oper environ ( s ) ( except as otherwis contempl by exhibit a ) . the cost of such migrat servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 shall be paid by rcp , includ ani out-of-pocket cost incur by rghi or it affili in connect with such migrat servic and for the time spent by rghi , it affili or their personnel , as applic , in provid such migrat servic . rghi will also provid to rcp ani avail reason document around the system implement , configur document , process map , or ani other document relat to the system that are part of the separ . rghi and rcp shall work togeth in good faith to develop a detail plan for migrat rcp ’ s it system , data , record and process to it it environ or infrastructur ( the “ migrat plan ” ) . section 2.2 perform by affili or subcontractor . either parti may , in it sole discret , engag , or caus one of their affili to engag , one or more parti ( includ other third parti or affili ) to provid some or all of the services; provid , ( i ) such parti is use such affili or third parti to perform the same servic for itself and it affili ( to the extent applic ) , ( ii ) such arrang would not increas the cost to recipi for such servic , and ( iii ) if such third parti is not alreadi engag with respect to such servic as of the date hereof , provid shall obtain the prior written consent of recipi ( not to be unreason withheld ) . provid shall ( x ) be respons for the perform or non-perform of ani such parti and ( y ) in all case remain respons for ensur that oblig with respect to the standard of servic set forth in articl iii of thi agreement are satisfi with respect to ani servic provid by such affili or third parti . section 2.3 scope of servic . other than as expressli set forth on exhibit a , section 2.1 , exhibit b , or as agre by the parti in write , in no event shall provid be oblig to provid ani servic to the recipi for ani purpos other than to facilit , on a transit basi , the recipi ’ s abil to conduct busi as conduct immedi preced the date hereof . section 2.4 intern control and procedur . in addit to the requir of articl iii and articl vii herein , with respect to the servic provid by rghi and it affili provid servic hereund , certain of the servic may involv process that directli or indirectli support financi inform that the compani includ within it consolid financi report . the compani ha an oblig to ensur that it ha intern control over financi report that compli with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 and must also ensur that it extern auditor can complet their necessari evalu of the compani ’ s intern control over financi report in accord with audit standard issu by the u.s. public compani account oversight board . the compani and rghi and such affili shall use reason commerci effort to agre ( i ) what key control over financi report will be perform by rghi and such affili within the process that directli or indirectli support financi inform that the compani includ within it consolid financi reports; ( ii ) the frequenc as to the perform of the agre key controls; and ( iii ) the form of document requir to evid the effect perform of the agre key control . rghi and such affili will perform the agre key control and evid such perform in the agre format . compani shall have the right , in a manner to avoid unreason interrupt to rghi ’ s or it affili ’ busi , to ( 1 ) evalu the effect of the key controls; and ( 2 ) upon at least thirti ( 30 ) day ’ written notic to rghi , perform ( through it extern auditor ) audit procedur over rghi ’ s intern control and procedur for the servic provid under thi agreement; provid that such right to audit shall exist sole to the extent reason requir by compani ’ s extern auditor to ensur compani ’ s complianc with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. compani shall pay or reimburs all of rghi ’ s expens and cost aris from such audit . the perform of the agre key control , prepar of document , provid access to the compani or it deleg and the compani ’ s auditor will be bill at the agre rate as set forth on exhibit a. sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 articl iii servic levels; servic coordinators; tsa committe section 3.1 qualiti of servic . ( a ) provid shall perform the servic ( i ) at a level of qualiti substanti similar in all materi respect to that at which such servic were perform or enjoy dure the twelv ( 12 ) month period prior to the date hereof and ( ii ) in accord with applic law ( collect , ( i ) and ( ii ) , the “ servic standard ” ) . subject to section 3.1 ( c ) , intern control of provid and it affili with respect to the servic standard shall remain materi the same in effect throughout the term of thi agreement . each parti acknowledg that the other parti and their affili are not profession servic provid of the servic . ( b ) in the event of ani materi failur of a provid to perform the servic , as applic , in accord with the servic standard , recipi shall provid provid with written notic of such materi failur , and provid will use commerci reason effort to remedi such failur as soon as reason possibl and in the same manner that provid would remedi such a failur for their other busi undergo such a materi failur . ( c ) a provid may , from time to time : ( i ) reason supplement , modifi , upgrad , substitut or otherwis alter ( “ chang ” ) ani servic in a manner consist with chang made with respect to similar servic provid by provid on their own behalf or to their affili , includ take ani physic or inform secur measur with respect to such servic , in a manner that doe not ( x ) advers affect in ani materi respect the qualiti or avail of such servic or ( y ) materi increas the fee payabl in connect with such chang service; provid that to the extent that ani such chang is reason like to modifi , substitut or otherwis alter the receipt or use of such servic , provid shall provid recipi with reason advanc written notic of the implement of the chang to the extent practic under the circumstances; provid , further , that the servic standard shall continu to appli to such servic follow ani chang . if a chang is requir by applic law or is in respons to a threaten secur incid , provid may make ani and all chang to the servic necessari to compli with applic law and ani chang thereto or to respond to such threaten secur incid in a manner consist with respons made by provid on it own behalf or in respect of their affiliates; provid that provid shall provid recipi such reason advanc written notic of the implement of ani such chang as may be practic under the circumstances; and ( ii ) with reason advanc written notic to recipi , temporarili suspend the provis of a servic as necessari to conduct system mainten or patch without such suspens constitut a breach of the servic standard . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 ( d ) a provid need not provid ani servic if it is not permit to do so by applic law . to the extent that ani servic is not permit pursuant to applic law , the parti will cooper in good faith to enter into arrang reason accept to each of the parti under which the recipi would obtain the benefit of such servic to the same extent ( or as nearli as practic ) as if such servic were permit by applic law . section 3.2 polici . each parti shall , and shall caus ani of it affili or third parti provid or receiv servic ( as the case may be ) to , follow the reason polici , procedur and practic of the other parti and it affili applic to the servic that are known or made known to such parti . a failur of a recipi to act in accord with thi section 3.2 that prevent a provid from provid a servic hereund shall , upon reason advanc written notic to the recipi ( where practic ) , reliev provid of it oblig under the servic until such time as the failur ha been cure . section 3.3 servic coordin and disput resolut . ( a ) rghi and compani shall each nomin a repres to act as the primari contact person with respect to the perform of the servic ( each , a “ servic coordin ” ) . unless otherwis agre upon by the parti , the parti shall direct all initi commun relat to thi agreement and the servic to the servic coordin . the initi servic coordin for rghi and compani , includ their contact inform , are set forth on exhibit c. either parti may replac it servic coordin at ani time by provid notic and contact inform for the newli design servic coordin in accord with section 10.5. the servic coordin shall overse the implement and ongo oper of thi agreement . the parti shall ensur that their respect servic coordin shall meet in person or telephon at such time as are reason request by rghi or compani to review and discuss the statu of , and ani issu aris in connect with , the servic or thi agreement . ( b ) in the event a disput aris between the parti under thi agreement , telephon negoti shall be conduct between the parti ’ respect servic coordin within ten ( 10 ) day follow a written request from ani parti ( “ disput negoti ” ) . if the servic coordin are unabl to resolv the disput within ten ( 10 ) day after the parti have commenc disput negoti , then either rghi or the compani , by written request to the other parti , may request that such disput be refer for resolut to the respect presid ( or similar posit ) of the divis implic by the matter for the parti , or more senior execut of a parti if such parti so design , which presid ( or other execut ) will have fifteen ( 15 ) day to resolv such disput . if the presid of the relev divis ( or other execut ) for each parti do not agre to a resolut of such disput within fifteen ( 15 ) day after the refer of the matter to them , or if the disput is not otherwis resolv in a friendli manner as set forth in thi section 3.3 , then ani unresolv disput may be resolv pursuant to section 10.8. sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section 3.4 limit of servic provid . except to the extent requir to meet the servic standard , in provid the servic , the parti are not oblig to : ( i ) hire ani addit employees; ( ii ) maintain the employ of ani specif employee; ( iii ) purchas , leas or licens ani addit equip or software; or ( iv ) make ani capit invest to provid or continu provid the servic . the parti have no respons to verifi the correct of ani inform given to them on behalf of the other parti for the purpos of provid the servic . section 3.5 third parti licens and consent . the parti will cooper and assist each other , and use commerci reason effort , to obtain , or direct it affili to obtain , ani third parti consent requir under the term of ani agreement between a parti or ani of it affili , on the one hand , and a third parti , on the other hand , in order for a parti or it affili to provid the servic dure the term . notwithstand the forego , if the provis of ani servic as contempl by thi agreement requir the consent , licens or approv of ani third parti not previous obtain , the parti shall use commerci reason effort , to obtain as promptli as possibl after the commenc date , ani third parti consent , permit , licens and approv requir under the term of ani third parti agreement in order for provid to provid the servic hereund . the cost of obtain ani consent , permit , licens or approv with respect to ani servic shall be born by the recipi of the relev servic . if ani such consent , permit , licens or approv is not obtain , the parti will cooper in good faith to enter into reason accept arrang under which recipi would obtain the benefit of such servic to the same extent ( or as nearli as practic ) as if such consent were obtain ( at recipi ’ s cost ) , and each parti will continu to use commerci reason effort to obtain ani such requir consent or amend . the parti acknowledg that it may not be practic to tri to anticip and identifi everi possibl legal , regulatori , and logist impedi to the provis of servic hereund . accordingli , each parti will promptli notifi the other parti if it reason determin that there is a legal , regulatori , or logist impedi to the provis of ani servic , and the parti shall each use commerci reason effort to overcom such impedi so that the servic may be provid otherwis in accord with the term of thi agreement . all comput system or softwar ( “ system ” ) , data , facil and other resourc own by a parti , it affili or third parti use in connect with the provis or receipt of the servic , as applic , shall remain the properti of such parti , it affili or third parti . articl iv security; system section 4.1 secur breach . if ani parti discov ( a ) ani materi breach of the secur regul or of the system use to provid the servic or ( b ) ani breach or threaten breach of the secur regul that involv or may reason be expect to involv unauthor access , disclosur or use of the other parti ’ s or it affili ’ confidenti inform ( each of ( a ) and ( b ) , a “ secur incid ” ) , such parti shall , at the cost of the parti respons for the secur incid , ( i ) promptli ( both oral , if practic , and in ani event in write ) notifi the other parti of the secur incid and ( ii ) reason cooper with the other parti ( 1 ) to take commerci reason measur necessari to control and contain the secur of such confidenti inform , ( 2 ) to remedi ani such secur incid , includ use commerci reason effort to identifi and address ani root caus for such secur incid , ( 3 ) to furnish full detail of the secur incid to the other parti and keep such other parti advis of all materi measur taken and other develop with respect to such secur incid , ( 4 ) in ani litig or formal action with third parti or in connect with ani regulatori , investigatori or other action of ani government author and ( 5 ) in notifi the other parti ’ s or it affili ’ custom and personnel and other person of the secur incid to the extent reason request by the other parti . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section 4.2 system secur . ( a ) if rghi , compani , their affili or their respect personnel receiv access to ani of rghi ’ s , compani ’ s , or their respect affili ’ , as applic , system in connect with the servic , the access parti or it personnel , as the case may be , shall compli with all of such other parti ’ s and it affili ’ reason secur regul known to such access parti or it personnel or made known to such access parti or it personnel in write , and will not tamper with , compromis or circumv ani secur , secur regul or audit measur employ by such other parti or it relev affili . ( b ) each parti shall , and shall caus it affili to , as requir by applic law , ( i ) ensur that onli those of it personnel who are specif author to have access to the system of the other parti or it affili gain such access and ( ii ) prevent unauthor access , use , destruct , alter or loss of inform contain therein , includ by notifi it personnel regard the restrict set forth in thi agreement and establish appropri polici design to effect enforc such restrict . ( c ) each parti shall , and shall caus their respect affili to , access and use onli those system of the other parti and it affili , and onli such data and inform within such system , to which they have been grant the right to access and use . ani parti and it affili shall have the right to deni the personnel of the other parti or it affili access to such first parti ’ s or it affili ’ system , after prior written notic and consult with the other parti , in the event the parti reason believ that such personnel pose a secur concern . section 4.3 virus . provid and recipi shall each use it commerci reason effort consist with it past practic to prevent the introduct or code of virus or similar item into the system of the other parti . without limit the right and remedi of ani parti hereund , in the event a viru or similar item is introduc into the system of a parti , whether or not such introduct is attribut to the other parti ( includ such other parti ’ s failur to perform it oblig under thi agreement ) , the other parti shall , as soon as practic , use it commerci reason effort to assist such parti in reduc the effect of the viru or similar item , and if the viru or similar item caus a loss of oper effici or loss of data , upon such parti ’ s request , work as soon as practic to contain and remedi the problem and to restor lost data result from such introduct . section 4.4 provid ’ softwar . except as author by thi agreement or by provid ’ s express written consent , recipi shall not , and shall caus it affili not to , copi , modifi , revers engin , decompil or in ani way alter ani softwar of provid or ani of it affili . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section 4.5 system upgrad . no provid shall be requir to purchas , upgrad , enhanc or otherwis modifi ani system use by ani recipi as of the date hereof in connect with the busi of ani parti , or to provid ani support or mainten servic for ani system that have been upgrad , enhanc or otherwis modifi from the system that are use in connect with the busi of ani parti as of the date hereof . articl v fee section 5.1 fee . recipi shall pay provid ( i ) the fee for each servic set forth on exhibit a or exhibit b , ( ii ) provid ’ and their affili ’ reason and document out-of-pocket expens incur in provid the servic , includ the third-parti fee and expens that are charg to recipi or their affili in connect with provis of the servic ( includ ani fee and expens charg by subcontractor permit to provid the servic under section 2.2 ) but exclud payment made to employe of provid or ani of their affili pursuant to section 5.2 , and ( iii ) ani other fee as agre to by the parti in write ( collect , the “ fee ” ) . section 5.2 respons for wage and fee . ani employe of provid or ani of their affili provid servic to recipi under thi agreement will remain employe of provid or such affili and shall not be deem to be employe of recipi for ani purpos . provid or such affili shall be sole respons for the payment and provis of all wage , bonus and commiss , employe benefit , includ sever and worker ’ s compens , and the withhold and payment of applic tax relat to such employ . section 5.3 invoic . provid shall submit or caus to be submit to recipi in write , within 15 day after the end of each month , an invoic set forth the fee for the servic provid to recipi dure such month in reason detail , as applic , due under such invoic . section 5.4 payment . recipi shall pay , or caus to be paid , the fee shown on an invoic no later than the last busi day of the month recipi receiv such invoic unless disput in accord with section 5.7. ani amount not receiv from the invoic parti within such period shall bear interest at the applic rate , from and includ the last date of such period to , but exclud , the date of payment . section 5.5 sale tax , etc . provid shall be entitl to invoic and collect from recipi ani addit amount requir for state , local and foreign sale tax , valu ad tax , good and servic tax or similar tax with respect to the provis of the servic hereund , as applic ( “ sale and servic tax ” ) . notwithstand the previou sentenc , if the recipi is exempt from liabil for such sale and servic tax , it shall provid provid with a certif ( or other proof ) evidenc an exempt from liabil for such sale and servic tax . provid shall be respons for ani loss ( includ ani defici , interest and penalti ) impos as a result of a failur to time remit such sale and servic tax to the applic tax author to the extent the recipi time remit such sale and servic tax to provid or provid ’ s failur to do so result from provid ’ s failur to time charg or invoic such sale and servic tax . the recipi shall be entitl to ani refund of ani such sale and servic tax paid in excess of liabil as determin at a later date . provid shall promptli notifi the recipi of ani defici claim or similar notic by a tax author with respect to sale and servic tax payabl hereund , and of ani pend audit or other proceed that could lead to the imposit of sale and servic tax payabl hereund . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section 5.6 no offset . recipi shall not withhold ani payment due under thi agreement in order to offset payment due ( or to becom due ) to recipi pursuant to thi agreement unless such withhold is mutual agre to by the parti in write or is provid for in the final rule of a court . ani requir adjust to payment due hereund will be made as a subsequ invoic . section 5.7 invoic disput . in the event of an invoic disput , the disput parti shall deliv a written statement to the other parti no later than the date payment is due on the disput invoic list all disput item and provid a reason detail descript of each disput item . amount not so disput shall be deem accept and shall be paid , notwithstand disput on other item , within the period set forth in section 5.4. the parti shall seek to resolv all such disput expediti and in good faith . provid shall continu perform the servic in accord with thi agreement pend resolut of ani disput . section 5.8 audit . at the request of recipi , provid shall provid to recipi and it affili reason access to provid ’ s applic personnel and record with respect to the amount charg in connect with ani servic so that recipi may confirm that the pass through cost incur by provid or , to the extent such servic is provid on an hourli basi , inform relat to hour work in connect with such servic , are commensur with the amount charg to recipi for such servic . in the event that recipi believ that the amount charg to recipi materi exce the pass through cost actual incur by provid or hour charg in connect with such servic , the parti shall review such matter in good faith . articl vi term and termin section 6.1 term of servic . with respect to each of the servic , the term thereof will be for a period commenc as of the date hereof , unless a differ date is specifi as the commenc date for ani applic servic on exhibit a or exhibit b ( either , a “ commenc date ” ) , and shall continu until 12 month follow the commenc date unless ( i ) such other date as is specifi as the termin date for ani applic servic in thi agreement or on exhibit a or exhibit b , as applic ( the “ term ” ) or ( ii ) earlier termin pursuant to thi agreement ( a “ termin date ” ) . section 6.2 termin of servic . except as agre by the parti in write or as otherwis state in the exhibit , compani may termin for conveni ani transit servic , and rghi may termin for conveni ani revers transit servic , upon 30 day ’ prior written notic of such termination; provid , ( a ) that , with respect to the servic describ in section g1 of exhibit a , unless otherwis indic therein , those servic may not be termin independ except in accord with an agre migrat plan and , ( b ) ani unamort cost associ with provid ’ s purchas of ani licens or other cost incur specif for the purpos of provid the servic hereund will be pass through to the termin parti . upon termin of ani servic pursuant to thi section 6.2 , the termin parti ’ s oblig sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 to pay for such servic will ceas except ani sum accru or due as of the date of such earli termin for servic render ( which shall includ ( i ) ani amount contempl by 6.2 ( b ) , plu ( ii ) a pro rata portion of ani fee applic to the current period in which such servic are be perform if the applic fee is determin on a period by period basi as set forth on exhibit a or exhibit b , as applic ) . the provis of thi section 6.2 shall appli mutati mutandi with respect to ani assign of thi agreement subject to section 10.10 ( b ) and the parti will negoti in good faith regard fee alloc and , if necessari , earli termin or partial termin of ani servic . section 6.3 termin of agreement . thi agreement shall termin when the termin date ha occur for all servic . in addit , thi agreement may be termin by either parti ( the “ termin parti ” ) upon written notic to the other parti ( which notic , in case of materi breach , shall specifi the basi for such claim for breach ) , if : ( a ) the other parti or it affili materi breach thi agreement and such breach is not cure , to the reason satisfact of the termin parti , within thirti ( 30 ) day of written notic thereof , it be understood that a good-faith disput over an invoic or servic shall not constitut a materi breach of thi agreement; or ( b ) the other parti file for bankruptci or similar proceed , is the subject of an involuntari file for bankruptci or similar proceed ( not dismiss within sixti ( 60 ) day ) , make a gener assign of all or substanti all of it asset for the benefit of creditor , becom or is declar insolv , becom the subject of ani proceed ( not dismiss within sixti ( 60 ) day ) relat to it liquid , insolv , bankruptci or the appoint of a truste or a receiv , take ani corpor action for it wind up or dissolut , or a court approv reorgan proceed on such parti . section 6.4 effect of termin . upon ani termin or expir of thi agreement or ani servic provid hereund : ( a ) each parti shall , and shall caus it affili to , as soon as practic , return to the other parti ani equip , book , record , file and other properti , not includ current or archiv copi of comput file , of the other parti , it affili and their respect third-parti servic provid , that is in the parti ’ s or it affili ’ possess or control ( and , in case of termin of one or more specif servic , onli the equip , book , record , file and other properti , not includ current or archiv copi of comput file , that are use in connect with the provis or receipt sole of such servic and of no other servic ) ; and ( b ) the intellectu properti licens grant by section 8.2 shall terminate; provid , howev , that in the case of termin of a specif servic , such licens shall termin onli to the extent such licens wa necessari for the provis or receipt of such servic and is not necessari for ani other servic that ha not yet termin . section 6.5 surviv . the follow articl and section shall surviv the termin or expir of thi agreement , includ the right and oblig of each parti thereund : articl i; articl v; thi articl vi; articl vii; articl ix; and articl x. sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 articl vii book and record section 7.1 tsa book and record . ( a ) the parti shall , and shall caus each of their respect affili to , take reason step to maintain book and record of all materi transact pertain to , and all data use by it , in the perform of the servic ( the “ tsa record ” ) . the tsa record shall be maintain ( a ) in a format substanti similar to the format such book and record are maintain as of the date hereof , ( b ) in accord with ani and all applic law and ( c ) in accord with the maintain parti ’ s busi record retent polici . ( b ) each parti shall make the tsa record it maintain avail to the other parti and it affili and their respect auditor or other repres , and in ani event to ani government author , dure normal busi hour on reason prior notic ( it be understood that tsa record that are not store on a parti ’ s regular busi premis will requir addit time to retriev ) , for review , inspect , examin and , at the review parti ’ s reason expens , reproduct . access to such tsa record shall be exercis by a parti and it affili and their author repres in a manner that shall not interfer unreason with the normal oper of the parti maintain the tsa record . in connect with such review of tsa record , and upon reason prior notic , a review parti and it affili shall have the right to discuss matter relat to the tsa record with the employe of the parti or it affili who are maintain the relev tsa record and provid the servic , as applic , dure regular busi hour and without undu disrupt of the normal oper of such maintain and provid parti or it affili . neither parti shall have access to ani tsa record , and neither parti shall be requir to provid access or disclos inform , when such access or disclosur would jeopard ani attorney-cli privileg or violat ani applic law ( provid that such parti shall use commerci reason effort to provid such access or share such inform in a manner that would not jeopard ani such privileg or violat ani such law ) . each parti ’ s right under thi section 7.1 ( b ) shall continu for so long as tsa record are requir to be maintain by the other parti under section 7.1 ( a ) . section 7.2 access to information; book and record . ( a ) on and after the commenc date , rghi shall , and shall caus it affili to , until the 6th anniversari of the commenc date , afford to rcp and it employe and author repres dure normal busi hour reason access to their book of account , financi and other record ( includ account ’ s work paper ) , inform , employe and auditor at the compani ’ s expens to the extent necessari or use for the compani in connect with ani audit , investig , or disput or litig ( other than ani litig involv a disput between the parti ) or ani other reason busi purpos relat to the business; provid that ani such access by rcp shall not unreason interfer with the conduct of the busi of rghi and it affili . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 ( b ) after the commenc date , rcp shall , and shall caus it affili to , until the 7th anniversari of the date on which rghl or it affili own less than 10 of the capit stock in rcp , afford to rghi and it employe and author repres reason access to rcp ’ s employe and auditor , retain all book , record ( includ account ’ s work paper ) , and other inform and document pertain to the busi in exist on the commenc date and make avail for inspect and copi by rghi ( at rghi ’ s expens ) dure normal busi hour , in each case so as not to unreason interfer with the conduct of the busi of rcp and it affili , such inform ( a ) as may be requir by ani government author , includ pursuant to ani applic law or regulatori request or to prepar or file ani tax relat document , ( b ) as may be necessari for rghi or it affili in connect with their ongo financi report , account or other purpos relat to rghi and compani ’ s affili immedi prior to the commenc date , or ( c ) as may be necessari for rghi or it affili to perform their respect oblig pursuant to thi agreement or in connect with ani litig ( other than ani litig involv a disput between the parti ) , in each case subject to complianc with all applic privaci law . ( c ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 7.2 , the parti grant access under section 7.2 ( a ) or section 7.2 ( b ) may withhold ani document ( or portion thereof ) or inform ( i ) that is subject to the term of a non-disclosur agreement with a third parti ( provid that such parti shall use commerci reason effort to share such inform in a manner that would not violat ani such oblig ) , ( ii ) that may constitut privileg attorney-cli commun or attorney work product and the transfer of which , or the provis of access to which , as reason determin by such parti ’ s counsel , constitut a waiver of ani such privileg ( provid that such parti shall use commerci reason effort to share such inform in a manner that would not jeopard ani such privileg ) , or ( iii ) if the provis of access to such document ( or portion thereof ) or inform , as determin by such parti ’ s counsel , would reason be expect to conflict with applic law . section 7.3 non-disclosur agreement . to the extent that ani third-parti proprietor of inform or softwar to be disclos or made avail to a recipi in connect with perform of the servic requir a specif form of non-disclosur agreement as a condit of such third parti ’ s consent to use the same for the benefit of recipi or to permit the recipi access to such inform or softwar , each parti shall , or shall caus it relev affili to , as a condit to the receipt of such portion of the servic , execut ( and shall caus it personnel to execut , if reason requir ) ani such form . section 7.4 confidenti inform . ( a ) each parti agre to take the necessari step to protect ani confidenti inform of the other parti with at least the same degre of care that the receiv parti use to protect it own confidenti or proprietari inform of like kind , but not less than reason care . neither parti shall use the other parti ’ s confidenti inform other than to perform servic pursuant to thi agreement or pursuant to section 7.2 herein . the oblig of confidenti hereund shall not appli to inform that ( i ) wa alreadi sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 in the possess of the receiv parti without restrict on it use or disclosur prior to the receipt of the inform from the disclos parti , ( ii ) is or becom avail to the gener public through no act or fault of the receiv parti , ( iii ) is right disclos to the receiv parti by a third parti without restrict on it use or disclosur , ( iv ) is independ develop by employe and/or consult of the receiv parti who have not had access to the disclos parti ’ s confidenti inform , ( v ) is disclos to the receiv parti after the receiv parti properli gave notic to the disclos parti that the receiv parti no longer desir to receiv ani addit confidenti inform from the disclos parti , or ( vi ) is requir to be disclos pursuant to judici or government decre or order , provid that the disclos parti is , where permit , given prompt written notic of and the opportun to defend against disclosur pursuant to such decre or order . ( b ) upon ani termin or expir of thi agreement , at the written request of the other parti , each parti shall , and shall caus ani of it affili or third-parti vendor use in connect with the provis or receipt of the servic to , deliv to the other parti ( i ) all record and data ( includ backup tape , record and relat inform ) receiv , comput , develop , process and store by it hereund in a readabl format reason accept to the other parti , and ( ii ) all other confidenti inform of such other parti , but exclud , in each case , ( 1 ) ani inform store electron in a back-up file pursuant to the receiv parti ’ s customari electron back-up practic which may be retain by such parti sole for archiv purpos and subject to the continu confidenti oblig set forth in herein , and ( 2 ) ani inform obtain pursuant to section 7.2 herein; provid that , in lieu of deliv all of the forego to the other parti , the relev deliv parti may confirm in write that it ha destroy , or ha caus rghi or compani , as the case may be , to destroy , all of the forego . articl viii intellectu properti section 8.1 ownership of intellectu properti . ani intellectu properti own by a parti , it affili or third-parti vendor and use in connect with the provis or receipt of the servic , as applic , shall remain the properti of such parti , it affili , or third-parti vendor . section 8.2 licens . each parti grant , and shall caus it affili to grant , to the other parti and it affili , a royalty-fre , non-exclus , non- transfer , worldwid licens , dure the term , to use the intellectu properti own by such parti or it affili ( but exclud ani trademark ) onli to the extent necessari for the other parti and it affili to provid or receiv the servic , as applic . other than the licens grant to a parti and it affili pursuant to the preced sentenc , neither parti nor it affili shall have ani right , titl or interest in the intellectu properti own by the other parti or it affili . section 8.3 use of rcp name . by the third anniversari of the commenc date , rghi and it affili will chang it corpor name to remov rcp name and will ceas use of rcp name as trademark unless such use is pursuant to a separ licens agreement with rcp . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 articl ix remedi section 9.1 indemnif . subject to the limit set forth in thi articl ix , each parti ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) agre to indemnifi , defend and hold harmless the other parti and it affili and it and their respect director , offic , employe , agent , repres , successor and permit assign ( collect , the “ indemnifi parti ” ) from and against all loss impos upon or incur by an indemnifi parti to the extent aris out of or result from the indemnifi parti ’ s or it affili ’ materi breach of thi agreement , except to the extent that such loss are primarili caus by the indemnifi parti . section 9.2 exclus remedi . the indemn provid for in section 9.1 shall be the sole and exclus monetari remedi of the parti hereto and their affili and their respect offic , director , employe , agent , repres , successor and permit assign for ani breach of or inaccuraci in ani represent or warranti or ani breach , nonfulfil or default in the perform of ani of the coven or agreement contain in thi agreement , and the parti shall not be entitl to a resciss of thi agreement or to ani further indemnif right or claim of ani natur whatsoev in respect thereof ( includ ani common law right of contribut ) , all of which the parti hereto herebi waiv . section 9.3 disclaim . except as expressli set forth in thi agreement , ( a ) no parti make ani represent or warranti of ani kind , express or impli , with respect to the materi and servic , as applic , provid hereund , and all such materi and servic , as applic , are provid on an “ as is ” basi and ( b ) each parti disclaim ani and all warranti , express or impli , includ ani impli warranti of merchant , non- infring or fit for a particular purpos . section 9.4 limit . ( a ) in no event shall ani parti be liabl to the other parti for ani indirect , special , exemplari , punit or consequenti damag , or lost profit or lost revenu that the other parti may incur by reason of it have enter into or reli upon thi agreement , or in connect with ani of the servic provid hereund or the failur thereof , regardless of the form of action in which such damag are assert , whether in contract or tort ( includ neglig ) or otherwis , even if advis of the possibl of the same other than to the extent award in a third parti claim . ( b ) except with respect to a materi breach constitut will misconduct by a provid , repeat perform of a servic by the provid or refund of the fee paid for a servic shall be the sole and exclus remedi for breach of the servic standard for such servic . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 ( c ) in no event shall a parti ’ s liabil in relat to servic provid under thi agreement exceed the fee paid to it under thi agreement for the specif servic that result in the loss . section 9.5 insur . each parti shall obtain and maintain , for the term ( i ) commerci gener liabil insur with a singl combin liabil limit of at least 5,000,000 per occurr , ( ii ) worker compensation/employ ’ s liabil insur with a liabil limit of at least 1,000,000 per occurr or , if greater , the statutori minimum , and ( iii ) “ all risk ” properti insur on a replac cost basi adequ to cover all asset and busi interrupt loss that a parti may suffer in connect with or aris out of thi agreement , subject to polici limit , and in the case of the polici describ in claus ( i ) abov , name the other parti as an addit insur thereund . upon request , each parti shall provid the other parti a certif of insur as proof of insur coverag . articl x miscellan section 10.1 forc majeur . in the event that a parti is wholli or partial prevent from , or delay in , provid one or more servic , or one or more servic are interrupt or suspend , by reason of event beyond their reason control , which by their natur were not foreseen , or , if it wa foreseen , wa not reason avoid , includ act of god , act of government author , act of the public enemi or due to fire , explos , accid , flood , embargo , epidem , war , act of terror , nuclear disast , civil unrest or riot , civil commot , insurrect , sever or advers weather condit , lack of or shortag of adequ electr power , malfunct of equip or softwar ( each , a “ forc majeur event ” ) , such parti shall promptli give notic of ani such forc majeur event to compani and shall indic in such notic the effect of such event on their abil to perform hereund and the anticip durat of such event . the parti whose perform is affect by the forc majeur event shall not be oblig to deliv or caus to be deliv the affect servic dure such period , and the applic parti shall not be oblig to pay dure such period for ani affect servic not deliv . dure the durat of a forc majeur event , the parti whose perform is affect by the forc majeur event shall , and shall caus their relev affili to , minim to the extent practic the effect of the forc majeur event on their oblig hereund and use commerci reason effort to avoid or remov such forc majeur event and to resum deliveri of the affect servic with the least delay practic . section 10.2 author . a provid shall not be permit to bind a recipi or ani of it affili or enter into ani agreement ( oral or written ) , contract , leas , licens or other document ( includ the sign of check , note , bill of exchang or ani other document , or access ani fund from ani bank account of recipi or ani of it affili ) on behalf of recipi or ani of it affili except with the express prior written consent of recipi , which consent may be given from time to time as the need aris and for such limit purpos as express therein . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section 10.3 specif perform . the parti shall be entitl to seek an injunct to prevent actual or threaten breach of thi agreement and to enforc specif the term and provis of thi agreement , thi be in addit to ani other remedi to which they are entitl at law or in equiti . for the avoid of doubt , noth contain herein shall prevent a parti from seek damag ( to the extent permit herein ) in the event that specif perform is not avail . section 10.4 statu of parti . thi agreement is not intend to creat , nor will it be deem or constru to creat , ani relationship between rghi and it affili , on the one hand , and compani and it respect affili , on the other hand , other than that of independ entiti contract with each other sole for the purpos of effect the provis of thi agreement . neither rghi and it affili , on the one hand , nor compani and it affili , on the other hand , shall be constru to be the agent of the other . section 10.5 notic . all notic , request , claim , demand and other commun hereund shall be in write and shall be given by deliveri in person , by facsimil ( follow by overnight courier ) , email ( follow by overnight courier ) , or by regist or certifi mail ( postag prepaid , return receipt request ) to the other parti hereto as follow : if to compani , reynold consum product inc. 1900 w. field court lake forest , il 60045 attent : david watson email : david.watsonreynoldsbrands.com if to rghi , reynold group hold inc. 1900 w. field court lake forest , il 60045 attent : joseph doyl email : joseph.doylerankna.com with a copi ( which shall not constitut notic ) to : reynold group hold limit level nine 148 quay street p.o . box 3515 auckland , new zealand attent : helen gold email : helen.goldingrankgroup.co.nz or such other address , email or facsimil number as such parti may hereaft specifi for the purpos by notic to the other parti hereto . all such notic , request and other commun shall be deem receiv on the date of receipt by the recipi thereof if receiv prior to 5:00 p.m. on a busi day in the place of receipt . otherwis , ani such notic , request or sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 commun shall be deem to have been receiv on the next succeed busi day in the place of receipt . notwithstand the forgo , normal busi commun with respect to the servic may be given by the parti by whatev mean are usual and appropri for such type of commun . section 10.6 entir agreement . thi agreement , includ all exhibit , constitut the sole and entir agreement and supersed all prior agreement , understand and represent , both written and oral , between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof provid , howev , noth in thi agreement shall supersed ani other agreement or understand enter into in connect with the initi public offer of the compani . section 10.7 waiver and amendments; non-contractu remedies; preserv of remedi . no amend , modif or discharg of thi agreement , and no waiver hereund , shall be valid or bind unless set forth in write and duli execut by the parti against whom enforc of the amend , modif , discharg or waiver is sought . ani such waiver shall constitut a waiver onli with respect to the specif matter describ in such write and shall in no way impair the right of the parti grant such waiver in ani other respect or at ani other time . neither the waiver by ani of the parti hereto of a breach of or a default under ani of the provis of thi agreement , nor the failur by ani of the parti , on one or more occas , to enforc ani of the provis of thi agreement or to exercis ani right or privileg hereund , shall be constru as a waiver of ani other breach or default of a similar natur , or as a waiver of ani of such provis , right or privileg hereund . the right and remedi herein provid are cumul and none is exclus of ani other , or of ani right or remedi that ani parti may otherwis have at law or in equiti . section 10.8 govern law , etc . ( a ) thi agreement shall be govern in all respect , includ as to valid , interpret and effect , by the law of the state of illinoi , without give effect to it principl or rule of conflict of law , to the extent such principl or rule are not mandatorili applic by statut and would permit or requir the applic of the law of anoth jurisdict . each of the parti hereto submit to the jurisdict of ani state or feder court sit in lake counti , illinoi , in ani action or proceed aris out of or relat to thi agreement , agre to bring all claim under ani theori of liabil in respect of such action or proceed exclus in ani such court and agre not to bring ani action or proceed aris out of or relat to thi agreement in ani other court . each of the parti hereto waiv ani defens of inconveni forum to the mainten of ani action or proceed so brought and waiv ani bond , sureti or other secur that might be requir of ani other parti with respect thereto . each parti hereto agre that servic of summon and complaint or ani other process that might be serv in ani action or proceed may be made on such parti by send or deliv a copi of the process to the parti to be serv at the address of the parti and in the manner provid for the give of notic in section 10.5. noth in thi section 10.8 , howev , shall affect the right of ani parti to serv legal process in ani other manner permit by law . each parti hereto agre that a final , non-appeal judgment in ani action or proceed so brought shall be conclus and may be enforc by suit on the judgment or in ani other manner provid by law . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 ( b ) the parti each herebi waiv , to the fullest extent permit by law , ani right to trial by juri of ani claim , demand , action , or caus of action ( i ) aris under thi agreement or ( ii ) in ani way connect with or relat or incident to the deal of the parti hereto in respect of thi agreement or ani of the transact relat hereto , in each case whether now exist or hereaft aris , and whether in contract , tort , equiti , or otherwis . the parti to thi agreement each herebi agre and consent that ani such claim , demand , action , or caus of action shall be decid by court trial without a juri and that the parti to thi agreement may file an origin counterpart of a copi of thi agreement with ani court as written evid of the consent of the parti hereto to the waiver of their right to trial by juri . section 10.9 further assur . each parti coven and agre that , without ani addit consider , it shall execut and deliv , or shall caus it affili to execut and deliv , such document and other paper and shall take , or shall caus it affili to take , such further action as may be reason requir to carri out the provis of thi agreement and give effect to the transact contempl by thi agreement . section 10.10 assign . no parti may assign thi agreement , or ani of it right or oblig under thi agreement ( whether by oper of law or otherwis ) , without the prior written consent of the other party; provid , that notwithstand the forego , ani parti may assign ani or all of it right or oblig under thi agreement without the consent of the other parti to : ( a ) it affili , ( b ) a purchas of : ( i ) one or more of it affili that is a provid or recipi under thi agreement; ( ii ) all or substanti all of the busi or asset of one or more of it affili that is a provid or recipi under thi agreement; or ( iii ) all or substanti all of such parti ’ s busi or asset , or ( c ) it financ sourc sole for collater purpos , in each case so long as the assigne agre to be bound by the term of thi agreement . ani permit assign shall be bind upon and inur to the benefit of the parti and their respect heir , successor and permit assign . ani attempt assign of thi agreement , or the right or oblig herein , not in accord with the term of thi section 10.10 shall be void . if an rghi affili provid is no longer affili with rghi due to the sale of all or substanti all of the busi or asset of such affili to a third parti , rghi shall caus such affili to agre to continu provid the servic that it is provid at the time of such transact consist with the term of thi agreement for the remain term . section 10.11 multi-parti contract . the compani and rghi will use all commerci reason effort to obtain within 24 month follow the commenc date , from the counterparti to each multi-parti contract ani need consent to separ the portion of such contract that relat to the good or servic purchas from or suppli to the busi under such multi-parti contract ( includ but not limit to assign or partial assign of such contract to the compani or rghi or it affili ) . the contract constitut the separ portion of ani multi-parti contract that relat to the busi as describ in the preced sentenc shall be assum by and becom the respons of the compani . each parti make purchas or receiv servic under ani multi-parti contract shall indemnifi and hold harmless the other parti and it affili for ani claim , damag , etc . aris out of such purchas or receipt of servic . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section 10.12 letter of credit and guarante . rghi and the compani shall use commerci reason effort to caus all rghi letter of credit and rghi guarante , in each case with respect to the compani , to be cancel or termin , as of the commenc date such that rghi and it affili shall be releas and have no further oblig or liabil ( conting or otherwis ) under such rghi letter of credit or rghi guarante ( to the extent applic to the compani ) from and after the commenc date . with respect to ani rghi letter of credit or rghi guarante not termin at the commenc date , rcp shall use commerci reason effort to replac , cash collater or otherwis “ backstop ” such rghi letter of credit and rghi guarante at or prior to the commenc date . follow the commenc date , rcp shall indemnifi rghi and it affili against ani and all loss suffer or incur in connect with the compani under the rghi guarante or rghi letter of credit . section 10.13 sever . if ani term or other provis of thi agreement is determin by a court of compet jurisdict to be invalid , illeg or unenforc , all other provis of thi agreement shall remain in full forc and effect so long as the econom or legal substanc of the transact contempl herebi is not affect in ani manner materi advers to ani parti . upon ani such determin , the parti shall negoti in good faith to modifi thi agreement so as to effect the origin intent of the parti as close as possibl in an accept manner in order that the transact contempl herebi be consumm as origin contempl to the fullest extent possibl . section 10.14 interpret . ( a ) the parti acknowledg and agre that , except as specif provid herein , they may pursu judici remedi at law or equiti in the event of a disput with respect to the interpret or construct of thi agreement . ( b ) thi agreement shall be interpret and enforc in accord with the provis hereof without the aid of ani canon , custom or rule of law requir or suggest constitut against the parti caus the draft of the provis in question . section 10.15 no third-parti beneficiari . other than the right grant to the indemnifi parti under section 9.1 , noth in thi agreement is intend or shall be constru to give ani person , other than the parti hereto , their successor and permit novat , transfere and assign , ani legal or equit right , remedi or claim under or in respect of thi agreement or ani provis contain herein . section 10.16 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in sever counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin and all of which shall togeth constitut one and the same instrument . deliveri of an execut counterpart of a signatur page to thi agreement by facsimil or scan page shall be effect as deliveri of a manual execut counterpart to thi agreement . section 10.17 head . the head in thi agreement are for refer onli and shall not affect the interpret of thi agreement . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section 10.18 order of preced . in the event of ani conflict between the provis of ani exhibit and the other provis of thi agreement , the other provis of thi agreement shall govern , except to the extent that the relev provis of the exhibit expressli identifi the provis of thi agreement it supersed and expressli indic that such provis is be supersed or thi agreement expressli indic that the exhibit govern . [ signatur page follow ] sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 in wit whereof , the parti have execut thi agreement as of the date first written abov . reynold group hold inc. by : name : titl : reynold consum product inc. by : name : titl : sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 exhibit a transit servic section g1 : it services12 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – g1.1 it servic categori : major applic – host and infrastructur support host – share and dedic environ provis of infrastructur and host servic at rghi ’ s data center for share hardwar and hardwar dedic to rcp ’ s system . servic includ : • access to and use of the note applic group • disast recoveri • administr • secur manag • help desk servic • backup/restor manag servic also includ provis of equival access to thi set of rcp applic in altern data center ( s ) upon migrat to rcp ’ s new oper environ ( s ) , and/or equival servic from altern provid , manag under thi agreement by rghi . all servic in group 24 month from the commenc date termin can onli be as per an agre migrat plan g1.1.1 autosi job schedul and monitor system . 10,109 tbd where refer is made to rghi ’ s data center , thi mean either ( 1 ) the lincolnshir facil at 605 heathrow drive , ( 2 ) the lake forest backup data center at 1900 west field court , or ( 3 ) the cloud servic provid select to hous certain infrastructur oper from time to time dure the term and migrat . fee for 2021 are not yet final , and will be negoti in good faith by rghi and rcp dure the cours of 2020. sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – g1.1.2 citrix/virtu desktop vdi environ for remot applic rout and access . 5,834 tbd g1.1.3 collabor – email , instant messag & team ms exchang email servic , outlook integr , ms team , and skype for busi instant messaging/collabor . 32,155 tbd g1.1.4 crm rcp ’ s instanc of the ms dynam custom relationship manag system . 2,014 tbd g1.1.5 easi softwar easi payment softwar suit for account payabl manag . 5,073 tbd g1.1.6 edi infrastructur electron data interchang servic for transact interfac with vendor and supplier . 4,094 tbd g1.1.7 hp dazel sap print control subsystem . 5,918 tbd g1.1.8 hyperion/hfm hyperion financi manag system for consolid and report . 4,028 tbd g1.1.9 jda jda suit of applic for plan and transport manag . 4,815 tbd g1.1.10 rightfax electron fax messag system . 2,292 tbd g1.1.11 rpa/aa autom anywher ecosystem for robot process autom . 11,861 tbd g1.1.12 sabrix thomson reuter sale and use tax calcul engin . 7,597 tbd g1.1.13 sharepoint ms sharepoint environ for collabor , file-shar and intranet deliveri . 9,649 tbd g1.1.14 mainten connect plant mainten system . 4,316 tbd sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – g1.2 it servic categori : support servic gener support servic overal servic associ with deliveri of gener support from rghi to rcp , includ compon such as : • administr of vendor • procur • network manag • infrastructur administr and manag all servic in group 24 month from the commenc date termin can onli be as per an agre migrat plan g1.2.1 site secur applic servic manag of variou site secur system , badg process , video surveil . 1,583 tbd g1.2.2 desktop & site manag central manag servic for facil environ : patch , backup , packag deliveri , imag , rf devic support . 39,079 tbd g1.2.3 it secur provis manag of secur provis for all applic and access , includ sso and ad . 18,479 tbd g1.2.4 it procur handl of procur activ for exist and new vendor , includ contract manag , sow complet , pr and po process . 9,233 tbd g1.2.5 it financ payment , alloc process , invoic & report , and budget for exist and new vendor . 11,113 tbd g1.2.6 voic and cellular phone support gener provis and manag of voip servic and cru mobil with vendor . 12,137 tbd g1.2.7 microsoft tenant manag interact with the ms cloud servic agenc for ms tenanc manag and administr in azur . 15,637 tbd g1.2.8 aw tenant manag interact with the aw cloud servic agenc and lemongrass for aw tenanc manag and administr in amazon . 36,835 tbd sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – g1.2.9 lan & wan manag provis , monitor , troubleshoot and administr of all long distanc and local network facil , includ at & t ( and other ) mpl , dmvpn , router and switch , and wi-fi ap . 97,353 tbd g1.2.10 govern overal manag of servic deliv under thi agreement . 41,820 tbd g1.2.11 sap basi support for sap technic environ , configur , and databas manag . 61,082 tbd g1.2.12 sql manag manag of environ for miscellan ms sql databases/system . 32,720 tbd g1.2.13 base infrastructur all manag and administr of core datacent environ in support of all central applic and util deliveri , includ all servic associ with the lincolnshir data center , cloud host environ , third parti administr and support servic . 220,775 tbd g1.3 it servic categori : gener pass-thru / variabl cost variabl and pass-thru cost servic fee for consumpt or licens mainten as levi by vendor to rghi base on rcp util of such servic or licens . all servic in group 24 month from the commenc date termin will occur as servic are contract directli with rcp all servic cost are pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic g1.3.1 wan servic – site network vendor ( at & t and other ) cost for usag of mpl and isp servic . g1.3.2 voic and cellular phone servic local , long distanc , & mobil usag cost . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – g1.3.3 multi-funct devic ( mfd ) servic lexmark usag and consum cost . g1.3.4 host – microsoft o365 – microsoft usag g1.3.5 licens — microsoft microsoft licens mainten ( sa ) and subscript . g1.3.6 licens – sap sap licens mainten – r/3 g1.3.7 licens — sap bi/mii sap licens mainten – bi ( hana ) , mii ( ifp ) g1.3.8 licens — oracle/hfm oracl licens mainten for hyperion financi manag . g1.3.9 licens – jda jda transport and plan licens mainten fee . g1.3.10 licens – gep ge procur system licens fee . g1.3.11 licens – novatu novatu contract manag system licens fee . g1.3.12 licens – thingworx thingwork ( ptc ) licens fee ( ifp ) . g1.3.13 licens – winshuttl winshuttl ( mdm manag ) licens fee . g1.3.14 licens – specright specright licens fee . g1.3.15 domain name domain name annual registr fee . g1.3.16 it procur – fee hardware/software/servic procur on behalf of rcp . g1.3.17 licens – other krono , minitab , & knowbe4 , plu other miscellan minor licens mainten fee . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – 2021 g1.4 it servic categori : project manag / it consulting3 g1.4.1 discretionari enhanc ani system chang or enhanc to the technic oper environ ( exclud , for the avoid of doubt , migrat servic describ in g1.4.4 ) request by rcp dure the term requir agreement between rghi and rcp . provis of thi servic is subject to the avail of intern resourc within rghi and agreement between the parti regard the scope of the changes/enhanc . where thi servic is use , the rate will be as follow : • project manag at 150 / hour • senior engin at 200 / hour • junior engin at 150 / hour 24 month from the commenc date quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic g1.4.2 it consult servic provis of advic , guidanc and recommend on new servic ( exclud , for the avoid of doubt , migrat servic describ in g1.4.4 ) , new technic solut relat to applic and infrastructur , etc . provis of thi servic is subject to avail of intern resourc within rghi and agreement between the parti . where thi servic is use , the rate will be as follow : • it consult servic at 200 / hour 24 month from the commenc date quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic rghi shall provid the first 3,500 hour of intern labor pursuant to g1.4.1 , g1.4.2 , g1.4.3 , and g1.4.4 at no charge; thereaft , the state rate shall appli . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – 2021 g1.4.3 project manag servic provis of project manag servic and resourc and technic resourc requir to deliv project agre between rghi and rcp ( exclud , for the avoid of doubt , migrat servic describ in g1.4.4 ) . provis of thi servic is subject to avail of intern resourc within rghi and agreement between the parti . where thi servic is use , the rate will be as follow : • project manag at 150 / hour • senior engin at 200 / hour • junior engin at 150 / hour ani cost for engag extern resourc will be pass through to rcp . 24 month from the commenc date quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic g1.4.4 migrat servic project servic to manag and execut the extract of it oper from the rl manag environ ( s ) and enabl rcp to exit thi tsa , as defin in the tsa migrat servic in section 2.1. ( c ) . for the avoid of doubt , thi servic includ all intern rghi labor and third-parti cost associ with project manag and execut of all separ activ , and ani licens or technolog acquisit requir to facilit the establish of rcp ’ s new , stand-alon it environ and the handov of same to rcp for futur manag . thi servic can not be termin until such time as separ ha conclud to the satisfact of rghi and rcp . 24 month from the commenc date quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic quot hourli rate with respect to the particular servic to be provid plu the pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term monthli fee ( usd ) – commenc date – 2020 monthli fee ( usd ) – 2021 g1.4.5 crossov servic provis of desktop support and core applic servic for scenario where peopl not transfer are requir to temporarili assist in rcp to augment transfer peopl ’ expertis or capac , notwithstand both parti ’ intent to have these area of support self-suffici insid rcp by commenc date . 12 month from the commenc date no fee no fee sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section g2 : hr servic servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g2.1 gener hr – ancillari servic rghi will be avail to provid transit of support and agreement and provid support for meet to share inform and answer ani question with current vendor regard current practic , includ but not limit to support for separ of 401 ( k ) , h & w , and pension plan . the parti shall cooper in good faith regard prepar of 5500 and aca report for plan year 2019 , with respons for file as follow : • 401 ( k ) 5500 • rghi shall file for exist employe save plan ( non-bargain ) and employe save plan for pactiv bargain • rcp shall file for employe save plan for reynold bargain and ani new compani save plan establish as of the commenc date • pension and h & w 5500 • rghi shall file for reynold servic inc. group benefit plan , pactiv retir plan , reynold servic inc. group benefit plan for bargain unit employe , pactiv retire health & welfar plan , reynold group pension plan , evergreen packag pension plan • rcp shall file for new compani plan establish as of the commenc date • aca report • rcp shall coordin file 12 month from the commenc date no fee g2.2 gener hr – administr servic administr assist , hr benefit will be avail ( 50 ) to provid servic to rcp under a second agreement . servic will includ all as current provid , includ : prepar of inform bulletin relat to benefit , vendor bill administr , track vendor perform guarante , and gener administr duti . the earlier of ( i ) decemb 31 , 2020 or ( ii ) the cessat of current administr assist ’ s employ 3,300 per month plu pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g2.3 payrol servic – system and support provis of payrol servic compris : • manag of the relationship and contract with adp and krono • softwar and host access to krono • ongo support of interfac file with adp and third-parti vendor consist with current practic , includ manag and oversight of exist vendor feed • access to adp and krono so that rcp may undertak : • process salari and hourli payrol • new hire report • year-end tax report and prepar for employe ( if applic ) • payrol tax return prepar • access to hri report capabl ( where applic and with exist vendors/fe ) rcp will be respons for gener their own report from the payrol system . rghi and it affili will not permit the payrol provid to creat ani addit program report that are not part of the menu of standard report avail to rghi . decemb 31 , 2020 11,000 per month 29,150 per month for adp 3,700 per month for krono softwar ( host fee includ in section g1 ) plu pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic g2.4 payrol servic – consulting/project manag servic provis of access to rghi director of payrol & hri and senior hri payrol analyst in relat to carve-out effort to establish rcp instanc of adp . decemb 31 , 2020 100 per person / per hour plu pass- through of actual third- parti cost incur in provid the servic g2.5 gener hr – employ servic employ of current director , supplier product and process qualiti – europ & asia , includ , without limit , provis of human resourc support , payrol process , and benefit coverag . the earlier of ( i ) the transfer of director , supplier product and process qualiti – europ & asia to rcp or ( ii ) march 31 , 2020 pass-through of actual cost and third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section g3 : financi servic servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g3.1 financi servic – technic account provis of support and handov servic for technic account includ : • assist with account guidanc in relat to specif transact ( i.e . leas review , casualti loss , custom contract review , restructur , etc . ) , includ research ( consist with past practic ) for review by rcp manag and auditor 12 month from the commenc date 125 per person / per hour plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g3.2 financi servic – leas administr provis of support and handov servic for leas administr includ : • leas account and leas administr servic consist with current practic and procedur , includ but not limit to : • mass data upload leverag etl templat into costar system ( 10+ leas record ) • upload of discount rate ( as prepar by rcp ) • prepar of monthli and quarterli report • system control in relat to rghi instanc of costar , backup , exchang rate review , facilit of user secur review , cost center/hierarchi mainten , etc . • assist with system issu resolut • copi of all record , standard report , and schedul , etc . from the costar system for purpos of adopt of the leas account standard the earlier of ( i ) 12 month from the commenc date or ( ii ) the date rcp obtain it own instanc of costar 125 per person / per hour 1,235 per month for costar plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g3.3 financi servic – benefit report support4 administr , execut , and handov of financi report and account servic for report requir for financi report relat to medic and benefit cost includ vendor cost track , and other hr/benefit relat account matter consist with past practic . 18 month from the commenc date 3,365 per month plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic process re quarterli true-up will chang dure the term from reconcil claim by headcount to where incur and will reconcil back to the commenc date . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g3.4 financi servic – treasuri administr handov servic reason provis of treasuri administr handov servic , includ : • assist with transit signatori , onlin access and other bank account transit consider if requir ( includ but not limit to establish of new bank platform ) • assist with transit of administr of letter of credit and ani other assum indebted • assist with transit of corpor credit card program administr • assist with complet of develop of the structur and document of intercompani loan agreement that are in process at the time of the commenc date • model and histor cash manag reports/materi • assist with cash settlement , movement relat to trade balanc , intercompani loan , dividend , cash forecast , and bank platform • assist with develop of daili cash report prepar process • assist with develop of escheat report and file process • train on review of bank-gener report • assist with transit of wire transfer administr ( i.e . author for token ) • backup assist with wire transfer administr and approv • support for day to day cash manag activ consist with past practic rghi and rcp shall work togeth in good faith to final transit of the servic denot with an asterisk ( ) abov within 3 month from the commenc date . 12 month from the commenc date 95 per person / per hour plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g3.5 financi servic – report applic support servic provis of access to and/or applic support servic for fi integr . servic is subject to abil to appli secur so rcp can not view or access rghi data in those system . 12 month from the commenc date 10,100 per month plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g3.6 financi servic – extern reporting5 rghi extern report team will be avail to provid background support and consult servic relat to rcp ’ s extern report requir . 18 month from the commenc date 22,500 per month plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g3.7 financi servic – complianc advisori servic provis of support servic of rghi senior complianc manag relat to sap access and secur risk ( sox 404 ) . the earlier of ( i ) 12 month from the commenc date or ( ii ) the cessat of current senior complianc manag ’ s employ 8,000 per month plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g3.8 financi servic – sox complianc in connect with rcp ’ s oblig to compli with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 , provis of reason support and perform of key control relat to financi report as agre between the parti . 24 month from the commenc date 200 per person / per hour plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic rcp need to obtain it own instanc of wdesk ( or similar system ) to prepar and file annual and quarterli file as of the commenc date . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g3.9 treasuri servic – fbar report provis of foreign bank and financi account ( “ fbar ” ) report servic . 12 month from the commenc date 80 per person / per hour plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g3.10 treasuri servic – hedg provis of support and handov servic relat to commod hedg activ , includ : • determin hedg quantiti and time • execut of hedg trade in kiodex • track open hedg posit • facilit provis of month-end journal entri 12 month from the commenc date 105 per person / per hour 8,500 per month for kiodex plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section g4 : intern audit and tax servic servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g4.1 audit and it audit handov servic provis of audit handov servic , includ inform relat to it intern audit process and procedur of rcp . reason provis of : • train of new rcp staff and exist document for all relev process • assist , relat to the servic includ in thi section • transit handov support as requir 12 month from the commenc date 175 per person / per hour plu pass- through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g4.2 tax servic – direct ( us and canada ) provis of support servic for tax account and direct tax file , includ prepar and file of feder and state tax return . for the avoid of doubt , prepar and file of return may be complet by a third-parti servic provid consist with current practic . reason handov tax servic , includ : • the transfer by seller of ani and all histor inform and explan necessari for transfer entiti to complet and accur prepar and file the tax return relat to post-clos period . • identif of all inform sourc , includ inform gather format , for the collect of inform requir for transfer entiti to prepar and file the tax return relat to post-clos period . • provid continu support in provid histor document and explan in relat to tax audit current in process . • provid work paper and support relat to account for incom tax . • provid histor transfer price studi and work paper . • assist with registr and/or electron payment registr as need . 24 month from the commenc date 100,275 per month pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g4.3 tax servic – indirect ( us and canada ) provis of support servic for indirect tax file , includ prepar and file of sale and use , vat , person , and properti tax return . for the avoid of doubt , prepar and file of return may be complet by a third-parti servic provid consist with current practic . reason handov servic , includ : • provid copi of all exist document requir for properti tax and sale and use tax complianc , includ resal and manufactur ’ s exempt certif as well as continu servic in support of process to obtain , review , and maintain necessari document . • facilit and assist in the creat of document requir for tax complianc . • the transfer by seller of ani and all histor inform and explan necessari for transfer entiti to complet and accur prepar and file the tax return relat to post-clos period . • identif of all inform sourc , includ inform gather format , for the collect of inform requir for transfer entiti to prepar and file the tax return relat to post-clos period . • provid continu support in provid histor document and explan in relat to tax audit current in process . • assist with registr and/or electron payment registr as need . provid work paper to support calcul relat to the account for incom tax . 24 month from the commenc date 13,285 per month plu pass- through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g4.4 tax servic – china provis of handov servic relat to return and file with retain third-parti servic provid . 12 month from the commenc date 140 per person / per hour plu pass- through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g4.5 tax servic – audit support provis of support for state and feder incom tax audit , includ : • provid document and explan to the examin • prepar necessari paperwork relat to ani file or settlement 24 month from the commenc date 175 per person / per hour plu pass- through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g4.6 tax servic – transfer price consult servic provis of support and handov servic for transfer price complianc and other matter relat to rcp canada/u transact and sale servic . transfer price support in connect with audit and countri by countri ( cbc ) and custom report will be avail on an ad hoc basi and charg at an hourli rate . the earlier of ( i ) 24 month from the commenc date or ( ii ) the cessat of current director of transfer price ’ s employ 1,500 per month 140 per person / per hour for ad hoc support plu pass- through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section g5 : procur servic servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g5.1 procur – support and handov servic provis of support and handov servic to assist rcp ( consist with past practic ) in obtain suppli and or servic agreement , includ assist with negoti ( which shall not includ legal advic , except to the extent includ pursuant to the legal transit servic schedul ) in relat to : • small parcel freight ( up , fedex ) • energi ( i.e . natur ga , electr , etc . ) • isn • it multifunct devic ( printer , etc . ) • raw materi – poli ( i.e . 110m+ ps , 50m+ pp , 40m+ pet , 20m master batch and filler ) • raw materi – packag ( corrug , pallet , poli bag , mold fiber and relat chemic ) • mro • it procur • vendor mall administr ( i.e . support of ariba catalogu ) • gep it extract 12 month from the commenc date 100 per person / per hour plu the pass- through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g5.2 procur – freight procur servic provis of freight procur servic to arrang shipment from rcp vendor to rcp facil ( consist with current practic ) in accord with the process and procedur set forth in the wareh and freight servic agreement between pactiv llc and reynold consum product llc effect novemb 1 , 2019 . 12 month form the commenc date servic bill through the wareh and freight servic agreement date novemb 1 , 2019 sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section g6 : travel and expens servic servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g6.1 travel and expens servic – concur & travel book assist provis of : • access to discount airlin , hotel , and rental car rate • servic relat to travel book assist and ticket issuanc by world travel • access to the concur system for travel book , file expens report , process and payment of expens report , and reimburs for cash expens 12 month from the commenc date monthli fee : 19,000 plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g6.2 travel and expens servic – corpor travel card administr of corpor travel credit card program and purchas “ procard ” credit card program for card provid by hsbc and use by rcp employe sole for busi travel and busi expens . servic includ : • procur of new card and cancel of exist card • facilit chang to credit limit • audit of employe expens report for complianc with rcp ’ s polici use current audit tool and practic • other servic consist with current practic rcp employe may continu to use their current hsbc credit card under exist rule and limit . at or befor the end of the term , all card must either be transfer to account establish by rcp with hsbc or cancel . 12 month from the commenc date monthli fee : 7,000 plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic ( includ , for the avoid of doubt , all charg incur on the credit card ) sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section g7 : trade complianc servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g7.1 trade complianc handov servic provis of access to rghi ’ s and it affili ’ trade complianc team who will provid ongo support , background inform and handov support servic for the current trade complianc function , includ : • assist in data handov of histor import and export transact and classif databas • familiar with trade complianc procedur , in particular : • export control • transit supplier commun regard import secur file • report and file servic , but will not requir seller to carri out report or file on behalf of the transfer entiti • understand of current issu , includ routin file , prior disclosur , protest , remedi and assist declar • coordin of shipment with broker ( import and export ) • classif • prepar of custom document • deni parti screen • monthli import and export report • fta support 12 month from the commenc date no fee plu pass- through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section g8 : legal and other regulatori support servic servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g8.1 gener servic – legal support provis of support and handov servic with respect to all legal servic provid by rghi and it affili ’ , includ : • inform , relev document and knowledg transfer relat to the legal matter and legal function , includ : • in-hous legal servic , includ advisori , regulatori , report and file servic • employ and labor relat • review of contract relat to inform technolog , real estat , gener procur , and advertis and intellectu properti matter • ongo inform and assist in connect with all other matter for which employe of rghi or it affili were provid legal servic prior to the commenc date • access to contract manag databas ( conga novatu ) 24 month from the commenc date 190 per person / per hour for lawyer and 70 per person / per hour for paraleg plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic ( i.e . extern legal firm fee to compil data for rcp ) g8.2 gener servic – intellectu properti provis of handov and support servic relat to rcp ’ s intellectu properti portfolio , includ : • facilit of ongo portfolio mainten ( i.e . renew decis and requir file ) • manag and oversight of patent and trademark prosecut activ ( i.e . offic action respons ) • file new registr and applic consist with past practic • assist , inform and knowledg transfer relat to the legal matter and legal function of rcp , includ transfer to rcp , in such electron or hard copi format as reason request by rcp , ani and all document in the possess of rghi , it affili or their outsid legal counsel , relat to the prosecut , enforc , registr and applic of ani own intellectu properti , includ all inform in ani intellectu properti docket maintain by rghi , it affili or their outsid legal counsel the earlier of ( i ) 24 month from the commenc date or ( ii ) the cessat of current administr of ip operations/paraleg ’ s employ 190 per person / per hour for lawyer and 70 per person / per hour for paraleg plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic ( i.e . extern legal firm fee to compil data for rcp ) sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g8.3 gener servic – corpor secretari provis of corpor secretari duti and govern file assist . to the earlier of ( i ) 24 month from the commenc date or ( ii ) the cessat of current corpor govern paraleg ’ s employ 190 per person / per hour for lawyer , 45 per hour for corpor govern paraleg plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic ( i.e . extern co-sec/leg firm fee ) g8.4 gener servic – sec report and complianc rghi legal counsel will be avail to provid assist and support relat to report and file requir with the u.s. secur and exchang commiss and corpor govern matter . 24 month from the commenc date 10,000 per month plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic g8.5 gener servic – regulatori provis of handov servic and support relat to complianc with fda regul , food-contact product rule , product complianc , and other regulatori and complianc scheme . 12 month from the commenc date no fee sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g8.6 gener servic – real estat provis of support and handov servic relat to real estat administr ( consist with past practic ) , includ but not limit to : • coordin of insur , environment , and legal function to review leas , prepar annual report , etc . • reconcili of annual leas expens • assist with resolut of facil issu ( i.e . repair , etc . ) • review and monitor of tenant improv allow • assist with establish new facil or close exist facil • support for year-end report 12 month from the commenc date 1,630 per month plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 exhibit b revers transit servic section gr1 : it servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) gr1.1 it – crossov servic provis of desktop support and core applic servic for scenario where peopl transfer are requir to temporarili assist in rghi to augment non-transf peopl ’ expertis or capac , notwithstand both parti ’ intent to have these area of support self-suffici insid rghi by commenc date . 12 month from the commenc date no fee sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section gr2 : hr servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) gr2.1 gener hr – ancillari servic rcp will be avail to provid transit of support and agreement and provid support for meet to share inform and answer ani question with current vendor regard current practic , includ but not limit to support for separ of 401 ( k ) , h & w , and pension plan . the parti shall cooper in good faith regard prepar of 5500 and aca report for plan year 2019 , with respons for file as follow : • 401 ( k ) 5500 • rghi shall file for exist employe save plan ( non-bargain ) and employe save plan for pactiv bargain • rcp shall file for employe save plan for reynold bargain and ani new compani save plan establish as of the commenc date • pension and h & w 5500 • rghi shall file for reynold servic inc. group benefit plan , pactiv retir plan , reynold servic inc. group benefit plan for bargain unit employe , pactiv retire health & welfar plan , reynold group pension plan , evergreen packag pension plan • rcp shall file for new compani plan establish as of the commenc date • aca report • rcp shall coordin file for 2019 plan year 12 month from the commenc date no fee gr2.2 gener hr – aca and hsa train provis of handov and support servic relat to aca report and hsa fund and report . 12 month from the commenc date no fee plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section gr3 : regulatori servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) g3.1 gener servic – regulatori provis of handov servic and support relat to complianc with fda regul , food-contact product rule , product complianc , and other regulatori and complianc scheme . 12 month from the commenc date no fee sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section gr4 : procur servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) gr4.1 procur handov servic provis of handov servic to assist rghi in establish relationship with vendor for the follow servic : • fleet program • offic suppli • t & e ( includ rental car , airlin , world travel , and concur ) provis of purchas support and handov servic for poli bag . 12 month from the commenc date 100 per person / per hour plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 section gr5 : trade complianc servic name descript of servic term fee ( usd ) gr5.1 trade complianc handov servic provis of access to rcp ’ s and it affili ’ trade complianc team who will provid ongo support , background inform and handov support servic for the current trade complianc function , includ : • assist in data handov of histor import and export transact and classif databas • familiar with trade complianc procedur , in particular : o export control o transit supplier commun regard import secur file o report and file servic , but will not requir seller to carri out report or file on behalf of the transfer entiti o understand of current issu , includ routin file , prior disclosur , protest , remedi and assist declar • coordin of shipment with broker ( import and export ) • classif • prepar of custom document • deni parti screen • monthli import and export report • fta support 12 month from the commenc date no fee plu pass-through of actual third-parti cost incur in provid the servic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020 exhibit c servic coordin to be design in write from time to time by each parti . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1/a , 1/21/2020