exhibit 10.4 form of transfer and servic agreement among verizon owner trust 2020-a , as issuer , verizon ab llc , as depositor and cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless , as servic , market agent and custodian date as of januari 29 , 2020 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 tabl of content articl i usag and definit section 1.1 usag and definit articl ii transfer and acquisit of depositor transfer property; represent and warranti section 2.1 transfer of depositor transfer properti section 2.2 acknowledg of further assign section 2.3 save claus section 2.4 represent and warranti about depositor transfer properti . section 2.5 origin ’ reacquisit and servic ’ s acquisit of receiv for breach of represent section 2.6 origin ’ reacquisit or servic ’ s acquisit of bankruptci surrend receiv articl iii servic of receiv section 3.1 engag section 3.2 servic of receiv . section 3.3 servic ’ s acquisit of receiv section 3.4 sale of written-off receiv section 3.5 servic report and complianc statement section 3.6 review of servic ’ s record section 3.7 servic ’ s author and respons person section 3.8 servic ’ s fee section 3.9 servic ’ s expens section 3.10 custodian . section 3.11 market agent section 3.12 termin of upgrad programs; credit relat to upgrad program section 3.13 notic to obligor articl iv account , collect and applic of fund section 4.1 bank account section 4.2 invest of fund in bank account section 4.3 deposit and payment section 4.4 reserv account; neg carri account; acquisit account section 4.5 direct to indentur truste for distribut articl v depositor section 5.1 depositor ’ s represent and warranti section 5.2 liabil of depositor section 5.3 merger , consolid , success or assign section 5.4 depositor may own note section 5.5 depositor ’ s author and respons person section 5.6 compani exist section 5.7 no divis articl vi servic and market agent section 6.1 servic ’ s and market agent ’ s represent and warranti section 6.2 liabil of servic and market agent section 6.3 indemn of servic and the market agent sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 section 6.4 deleg and contract section 6.5 servic may own note section 6.6 annual statement as to complianc section 6.7 assess of complianc and account ’ attest articl vii servic resign and termination; successor servic section 7.1 no resign section 7.2 servic termin event section 7.3 continu to perform section 7.4 successor servic section 7.5 transit of servic section 7.6 merger , consolid , success or assign articl viii termin section 8.1 option acquisit of receivables; clean-up redempt of note section 8.2 option redempt of note section 8.3 termin articl ix other agreement section 9.1 financ statement section 9.2 no transfer or lien by depositor section 9.3 expens section 9.4 receiv inform section 9.5 no petit section 9.6 limit recours section 9.7 limit of liabil section 9.8 tax treatment of note section 9.9 regul rr risk retent section 9.10 cap collater account articl x miscellan section 10.1 amend section 10.2 assignment; benefit of agreement; third-parti beneficiari section 10.3 notic section 10.4 agent for servic section 10.5 govern law section 10.6 submiss to jurisdict section 10.7 waiver of juri trial section 10.8 no waiver; remedi section 10.9 sever section 10.10 head section 10.11 counterpart section 10.12 limit of right of the cap counterparti section 10.13 intent of the parties; reason articl xi asset represent review; disput resolut section 11.1 asset represent review section 11.2 disput resolut sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 schedul a schedul of initi receiv sa-1 schedul b notic address sb-1 appendix a usag and definit aa-1 exhibit a custodian ’ s secur requir ea-1 exhibit b form of annual certif eb-1 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 transfer and servic agreement , date as of januari 29 , 2020 ( thi “ agreement ” ) , among verizon owner trust 2020-a , a delawar statutori trust , as issuer ( the “ issuer ” ) , verizon ab llc , a delawar limit liabil compani , as depositor ( the “ depositor ” ) , and cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless , a delawar gener partnership ( “ cellco ” ) , as servic ( in such capac , the “ servic ” ) , as market agent ( in such capac , the “ market agent ” ) and as custodian ( in such capac , the “ custodian ” ) . background in the normal cours of their busi , cellco and the other origin origin devic payment plan agreement for variou wireless devic . in addit , the master trust hold certain devic payment plan agreement origin by cellco and certain other origin . in connect with a securit transact sponsor by cellco in which the issuer will issu note secur by a pool of receiv consist of devic payment plan agreement , certain of the origin and/or the master trust have transfer a pool of receiv and relat properti , and ani of the origin and/or the master trust may from time to time transfer addit pool of receiv and relat properti to the depositor , who will transfer them to the issuer . the issuer will engag the servic to servic the receiv . the parti agre as follow : articl i usag and definit section 1.1 usag and definit . capit term use but not defin in thi agreement are defin in appendix a. appendix a also contain usag rule that appli to thi agreement . appendix a is incorpor by refer into thi agreement . articl ii transfer and acquisit of depositor transfer property; represent and warranti section 2.1 transfer of depositor transfer properti . ( a ) transfer and absolut assign of initi receiv . in consider of the issuer ’ s deliveri to the depositor of the note , the class a certif and the class b certif , effect on the close date , the depositor transfer and absolut assign to the issuer , without recours ( other than the depositor ’ s oblig under thi agreement ) , all of the depositor ’ s right , titl and interest , whether now own or later acquir , in the initi receiv and the other relat depositor transfer properti . the depositor certifi that the credit enhanc test and the pool composit test are satisfi for the transfer and assign of the initi receiv and the other relat depositor transfer properti on the close date . ( b ) transfer and absolut assign of addit receiv . subject to the satisfact of the condit in section 2.1 ( d ) , effect on each acquisit date , in consider of the issuer ’ s distribut to the depositor of the ( i ) addit receiv cash sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 transfer amount for the addit receiv to be transfer to the issuer on that acquisit date and ( ii ) an increas in the class b certif princip balanc in an amount equal to the excess , if ani , of the addit receiv transfer amount over the addit receiv cash transfer amount for such addit receiv , the depositor will transfer and absolut assign to the issuer , without recours ( other than the depositor ’ s oblig under thi agreement ) , all of the depositor ’ s right , titl and interest , whether then own or later acquir , in the addit receiv and the other relat depositor transfer properti . ( c ) no assumpt of oblig . these transfer and absolut assign do not , and are not intend to , includ ani oblig of the depositor or ani origin to the obligor or ani other person relat to the receiv and the other depositor transfer properti , and the issuer doe not assum ani of these oblig . ( d ) condit for transfer of addit receiv . the transfer and assign of the addit receiv and the other relat depositor transfer properti on each acquisit date will be subject to the satisfact of the follow condit on or befor such acquisit date : ( i ) transfer notic . at least two ( 2 ) busi day befor the applic acquisit date , the administr shall deliv to the issuer and the indentur truste a transfer notic for the addit receiv to be transfer and absolut assign on that acquisit date , which will specifi the addit receiv transfer amount and attach or includ therewith the schedul of receivables; ( ii ) satisfact of test . after give effect to the transfer and assign of the addit receiv by the depositor to the issuer , ( a ) the credit enhanc test is satisfi and ( b ) the receiv , in the aggreg , own by the issuer , exclud ani temporarili exclud receiv , satisfi each of the pool composit test under section 3.5 ( b ) ; and ( iii ) depositor ’ s certif . the depositor certifi that : ( a ) as of such acquisit date , ( 1 ) the depositor is solvent and will not becom insolv as a result of the transfer and assign of the addit receiv on the acquisit date , ( 2 ) the depositor doe not intend to incur or believ that it would incur debt that would be beyond the depositor ’ s abil to pay as they matur and ( 3 ) the transfer and assign of the addit receiv is not made by the depositor with actual intent to hinder , delay or defraud ani person; ( b ) each of the represent and warranti made by the depositor under section 2.4 ( a ) and 2.4 ( b ) , in each case , sole with respect to the relat addit receiv , will be true and correct as of the acquisit date; and ( c ) all condit to the transfer and assign of the relat addit receiv by the origin to the depositor under sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 section 2.1 ( d ) of the origin receiv transfer agreement and by the master trust to the depositor under section 2.1 ( d ) of the master trust receiv transfer agreement , as applic , have been satisfi . the deliveri by the administr , on behalf of the depositor , of the transfer notic will be consid a certif by the depositor that the condit set forth in thi section 2.1 ( d ) have been satisfi or will be satisfi on the acquisit date . section 2.2 acknowledg of further assign . the depositor acknowledg that , under the indentur , the issuer will assign and pledg the depositor transfer properti and relat properti and right to the indentur truste for the benefit of the secur parti . section 2.3 save claus . the depositor and the issuer intend that each transfer and assign under thi agreement be an absolut transfer and assign of the depositor transfer properti , convey good titl to the depositor transfer properti free and clear of ani lien , other than permit lien , from the depositor to the issuer . the depositor and the issuer intend that the depositor transfer properti not be a part of the depositor ’ s estat if there is a bankruptci or insolv of the depositor . if , despit the intent of the depositor and the issuer , a transfer and assign of depositor transfer properti under thi agreement is determin to be a pledg for a financ or is determin not to be an absolut transfer and assign , the depositor grant to the issuer a secur interest in the depositor ’ s right , titl and interest in the depositor transfer properti to secur a loan in an amount equal to all amount payabl by the depositor under thi agreement , all amount payabl as princip of or interest on the note , all amount payabl as servic fee under thi agreement and all other amount payabl by the issuer under the transact document . in that case , thi agreement will be a secur agreement under law and the issuer will have the right and remedi of a secur parti and creditor under the ucc . section 2.4 represent and warranti about depositor transfer properti . ( a ) represent and warranti about pool of receiv . the depositor make the follow represent and warranti about the pool of receiv on which the issuer is reli in acquir the depositor transfer properti . the represent and warranti are made as of the close date ( for the initi receiv ) and as of each acquisit date ( for the relat addit receiv ) and will surviv the transfer and absolut assign of the depositor transfer properti by the depositor to the issuer under thi agreement and the pledg of the depositor transfer properti by the issuer to the indentur truste under the indentur . ( i ) valid transfer and assign . thi agreement evid a valid transfer and absolut assign of the depositor transfer properti from the depositor to the issuer , enforc against creditor of , purchas from and transfere and absolut assigne of the depositor . ( ii ) good titl to depositor transfer properti . immedi befor the transfer and absolut assign under thi agreement , the depositor ha good titl to sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 the depositor transfer properti free and clear of ani lien , other than permit lien , and , immedi after the transfer and absolut assign under thi agreement , the issuer will have good titl to the depositor transfer properti , free and clear of ani lien , other than permit lien . ( iii ) secur interest in depositor transfer properti . ( a ) thi agreement creat a valid and continu secur interest ( as defin in the applic ucc ) in the depositor transfer properti in favor of the issuer , which is prior to ani lien , other than permit lien , and is enforc against all creditor of , purchas from and transfere and absolut assigne of the depositor . ( b ) all file ( includ ucc file ) necessari in ani jurisdict to give the depositor a first prioriti , validli perfect ownership and secur interest in the origin transfer properti and the master trust transfer properti , to give the issuer a first prioriti , validli perfect ownership and secur interest in the depositor transfer properti and to give the indentur truste a first prioriti perfect secur interest in the collater , will be made within ten ( 10 ) day after the close date or the relat acquisit date , as applic . ( c ) all financ statement file or to be file against the depositor in favor of the issuer describ the depositor transfer properti transfer under thi agreement will contain a statement to the follow effect : “ a purchas , absolut assign or transfer of or secur interest in ani collater describ in thi financ statement will violat the right of the secur party/assignee. ” ( d ) the depositor ha not author the file of and is not awar of ani financ statement against the depositor that includ a descript of collater cover ani depositor transfer properti other than the financ statement relat to the secur interest grant to the depositor under the receiv transfer agreement , by the depositor to the issuer under thi agreement or by the issuer to the indentur truste under the indentur , or that ha been termin . ( b ) represent and warranti about secur interest . if the transfer and absolut assign of the depositor transfer properti under thi agreement is determin to be a pledg relat to a financ or is determin not to be a transfer and absolut assign , the depositor make the follow represent and warranti on which the issuer is reli in acquir the depositor transfer properti , which represent and warranti are made as of the close date or as of the relat acquisit date , as applic , sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 will surviv termin of thi agreement and may not be waiv by the issuer or the indentur truste : ( i ) valid secur interest . thi agreement creat a valid and continu secur interest ( as defin in the applic ucc ) in the depositor transfer properti in favor of the issuer , which is prior to all other lien , other than permit lien , and is enforc against creditor of , purchas from and transfere and absolut assigne of the depositor . ( ii ) type . each receiv is ( a ) if the receiv is not secur by the relat devic , an “ account ” or “ payment intang , ” or ( b ) if the receiv is secur by the relat devic , “ chattel paper , ” in each case , within the mean of the applic ucc . ( iii ) good titl . immedi befor the transfer and absolut assign under thi agreement , the depositor own and ha good titl to the depositor transfer properti free and clear of all lien , other than permit lien . the depositor ha receiv all consent and approv requir by the term of the depositor transfer properti to grant to the issuer it right , titl and interest in the depositor transfer properti , except to the extent the requir for consent or approv is extinguish under the applic ucc . ( iv ) file financ statement . the depositor ha caus , or will caus within ten ( 10 ) day after the close date , the file of all appropri financ statement in the proper file offic in the appropri jurisdict under applic law to perfect the secur interest grant in the depositor transfer properti to the issuer under thi agreement . all financ statement file or to be file against the depositor in favor of the issuer under thi agreement describ the depositor transfer properti will contain a statement to the follow effect : “ a purchas , absolut assign or transfer of or grant of a secur interest in ani collater describ in thi financ statement will violat the right of the secur parties. ” ( v ) no other transfer , grant or financ statement . other than the secur interest grant to the issuer under thi agreement , the depositor ha not transfer or grant a secur interest in ani of the depositor transfer properti . the depositor ha not author the file of and is not awar of ani financ statement against the depositor that includ a descript of collater cover ani of the depositor transfer properti , other than financ statement relat to the secur interest grant to the issuer . the depositor is not awar of ani judgment or tax lien file against it . section 2.5 origin ’ reacquisit and servic ’ s acquisit of receiv for breach of represent . ( a ) represent and warranti from receiv transfer agreement . each origin and the servic , sever ha made , as of the close date , and each origin or the servic , as applic , sever will make , as of each acquisit date , the elig sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 represent about the receiv transfer and absolut assign by such origin or the master trust , respect , on that date , and ha consent to the transfer by the depositor to the issuer of the depositor ’ s right to such elig represent . the issuer is reli on each applic origin ’ s or the servic ’ s elig represent in acquir the receiv , which elig represent will surviv the transfer and absolut assign of the receiv by the depositor to the issuer under thi agreement and the pledg of the receiv to the indentur truste under the indentur . ( b ) reacquisit or acquisit . under section 2.1 ( a ) , the depositor ha transfer and absolut assign to the issuer the depositor ’ s right under the receiv transfer agreement , includ the right to requir ( i ) an origin to reacquir ani receiv transfer and absolut assign by it under the origin receiv transfer agreement or ( ii ) the servic to acquir ani receiv transfer and absolut assign by the master trust under the master trust receiv transfer agreement , in each case , for which such parti ha made the elig represent if , in each case , there is a breach of such elig represent , such breach is not cure and such breach result in a materi advers effect on the issuer . if ani origin or the servic breach the elig represent made by it with respect to ani receiv transfer by such origin or the master trust , respect , to the depositor , such breach is not cure and such breach ha a materi advers effect on the issuer , then the depositor will enforc such origin ’ s or the servic ’ s oblig , as applic , to reacquir or acquir , respect , ani such receiv transfer and absolut assign by it to the depositor for which the elig represent wa breach pursuant to section 3.4 of the applic receiv transfer agreement . ( c ) reacquisit or acquisit sole remedi . the sole remedi of the depositor , the issuer or the indentur truste for a breach of ani elig represent is to requir the relat origin or the servic , as applic , to reacquir or acquir , respect , the receiv under section 3.4 of the applic receiv transfer agreement . section 2.6 origin ’ reacquisit or servic ’ s acquisit of bankruptci surrend receiv . ( a ) reacquisit or acquisit . under section 2.1 ( a ) , the depositor ha transfer and absolut assign to the issuer the depositor ’ s right under the receiv transfer agreement , includ the right to requir ( i ) an origin to reacquir ani receiv transfer and absolut assign by it under the origin receiv transfer agreement or ( ii ) the servic to acquir ani receiv transfer and absolut assign by the master trust under the master trust receiv transfer agreement , in each case , when such receiv becom a bankruptci surrend receiv . if ani receiv becom a bankruptci surrend receiv , the depositor will enforc such origin ’ s or the servic ’ s oblig , as applic , to reacquir or acquir , respect , ani such receiv transfer and absolut assign by it to the depositor pursuant to section 4.6 or 4.7 , respect , of the applic receiv transfer agreement . ( b ) reacquisit or acquisit sole remedi . if a receiv becom a bankruptci surrend receiv , the sole remedi of the depositor , the issuer or the indentur truste is to requir the relat origin or the servic , as applic , to reacquir sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 or acquir , respect , the bankruptci surrend receiv under section 4.6 or 4.7 , respect , of the applic receiv transfer agreement . articl iii servic of receiv section 3.1 engag . the issuer engag cellco as the servic of the receiv for the issuer and the indentur truste , and cellco accept thi engag . section 3.2 servic of receiv . ( a ) gener servic oblig . the servic will manag , servic , administ and collect on the receiv with reason care use that degre of skill and attent that the servic exercis for all compar devic payment plan agreement receiv that it servic for itself or other accord to the servic procedur . without limit the gener of the forego , the servic ’ s oblig will includ : ( i ) collect and appli all payment made on , or credit appli to , the receiv and ani other amount receiv relat to the depositor transfer property; ( ii ) investig delinquencies; ( iii ) send invoic and notic and respond to inquiri of obligors; ( iv ) process request for extens , modif and adjustments; ( v ) administ payoff , prepay , default and delinquencies; ( vi ) maintain accur and complet account and receiv system for servic the receivables; ( vii ) provid to the custodian copi , or access to , ani document that modifi or supplement inform in the receiv files; and ( viii ) prepar and provid monthli investor report and ani other period report requir to be prepar by the servic under thi agreement or ani other transact document . ( b ) collect of payments; extens and amend . the servic shall take , or caus to be taken , all action necessari or advis to collect each receiv in accord with thi agreement and the servic procedur use commerci reason care and dilig and in ani event , with no less care or dilig than the servic exercis in collect other similar receiv or oblig owe to it and it affili . all payment remit by an obligor to the servic in respect of a receiv , ani releas of a secur deposit , and ani applic of a credit grant to a custom by verizon wireless ( other than applic of payment and credit grant to an obligor under a receiv in respect of cancel , prepay , invoic error or in connect with an upgrad offer as describ under section sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 3.12 ( b ) ) will be appli to the relat account by the servic base on invoic age , so that such amount are appli to the oldest invoic balanc first , then the second oldest invoic balanc , etc. , and final to current bill amount , in each case , in the order describ below : • late fees; • servic and all other charg , includ , but not limit to , insur premium payment and purchas ( includ accessori ) bill to the account , other than amount due under ani devic payment plan agreement , includ ani receivable; and • ani amount relat to ani devic payment plan agreement , includ receiv , which , in the case of multipl devic payment plan agreement relat to a singl account , will be appli in the order in which such devic payment plan agreement were origin with the most recent devic payment plan agreement be paid last . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in ani other transact document , the process for applic of payment remit by an obligor to the servic in respect of a receiv , releas of secur deposit , and applic of credit grant to an obligor under a receiv by verizon wireless ( other than those credit grant to an obligor in respect of an upgrad offer as describ under section 3.12 ( b ) ) describ in the bullet point abov may be chang at ani time in the sole discret of the servic , as long as ani chang in such applic of ani such amount applic to the receiv ( i ) is also applic to ani devic payment plan agreement that the servic servic for itself and other and ( ii ) so long as cellco is the servic , doe not have a materi advers effect on the notehold . in addit , the servic may waiv late payment charg or other fee that may be collect in the ordinari cours of servic a receiv . the servic may grant extens , refund , rebat or adjust on ani receiv or amend ani receiv accord to the servic procedur . howev , if the servic ( i ) grant payment extens result in the final payment date of the receiv be later than the collect period immedi preced the final matur date for the latest matur class of note , ( ii ) cancel a receiv or reduc or waiv ( includ with respect to ani upgrad offer ) the remain princip balanc under a receiv or ani portion thereof and/or as a result , the monthli payment due thereund , or ( iii ) modifi , supplement , amend or revis a receiv to grant the obligor under such receiv a contractu right to upgrad the relat devic , it will acquir the affect receiv sole as describ under section 3.3 , unless it is requir to take the action by law . in addit , if the market agent or the servic ( x ) appli a payment or grant a credit to an obligor with respect to cancel , prepay or invoic error the servic may appli such credit either directli to the applic devic payment plan agreement or in accord with it customari payment applic procedur set forth abov and ( y ) appli a payment or grant a credit to an obligor under a receiv in connect with an upgrad offer as set forth in section 3.12 ( b ) , the servic will appli such credit directli to the applic devic payment plan agreement and will not appli such credit in accord with it customari payment applic procedur set forth abov . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( c ) mainten of secur interest in the receiv . the servic will maintain perfect of the secur interest of the issuer and the indentur truste in each receiv . ( d ) no impair . the servic will not impair in ani materi respect the right of the issuer or the notehold in ani receiv except as permit by thi agreement . ( e ) assign for enforc . effect as of the relat cutoff date , the receiv are assign to the servic sole for the purpos of permit the servic to perform it servic and administr oblig under thi agreement , includ the start or pursuit of or particip in a legal proceed to enforc it right or remedi with respect to a receiv or such other proceed otherwis relat to a receiv . if in a legal proceed it is held that the servic may not enforc it right or remedi with respect to a receiv on the ground that it is not a real parti in interest or a holder entitl to enforc right or remedi with respect to the receiv , the issuer will , at the servic ’ s expens and direct , assign the receiv to the servic sole for that purpos or take step to enforc it right and remedi with respect to the receiv , includ bring suit in the name of the indentur truste , the notehold and the issuer . ( f ) power of attorney . the issuer appoint the servic as the issuer ’ s attorney-in-fact , with full power of substitut to exercis all right of the issuer for the servic and administr of the receiv . thi power of attorney , and all author given , under thi section 3.2 ( f ) is revoc and is given sole to facilit the perform of the servic ’ s oblig under thi agreement and may onli be use by the servic consist with thi agreement . on request of the servic , the issuer will furnish the servic with written power of attorney and other document to enabl the servic to perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( g ) releas document . the servic is author to execut and deliv , on behalf of itself , the issuer , the indentur truste and the notehold ani document of satisfact , cancel , partial or full releas or discharg , and other compar document , for the receiv . ( h ) enforc of receiv under an upgrad offer . if an obligor accept an upgrad offer with respect to a receiv but fail to satisfi the requir term and condit relat to such upgrad offer , the servic agre to ( i ) not waiv ani amount due by such obligor under the relat receiv and pursu it servic procedur against such obligor in respect of the relat receiv until all amount due under the relat receiv are receiv and ( ii ) enforc , on behalf of the issuer , ani right and oblig under the relat receiv . section 3.3 servic ’ s acquisit of receiv . ( a ) acquisit for servic modif . if extens , modif , amend , cancel or waiver of receiv or ani term thereof are made that would requir such receiv to be acquir under section 3.2 ( b ) , the servic will acquir all such receiv as set forth in section 3.3 ( d ) . ( b ) acquisit for breach of servic ’ s oblig . if a respons person of the servic receiv written notic from the depositor , the issuer , the owner truste or the sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 indentur truste of a breach of the servic ’ s oblig in section 3.2 ( c ) or ( d ) , and the servic fail to correct such failur or impair in all materi respect by the end of the second month follow the month in which the servic receiv such written notic , the servic will acquir all receiv with respect to which such breach wa not so cure as set forth in section 3.3 ( d ) . ( c ) acquisit for system limit or inabl to servic . if the servic , in it sole discret , determin that as a result of a receiv system error or receiv system limit or for ani other reason the servic is unabl to servic a receiv accord to the servic procedur and the term of thi agreement , the servic may acquir the relev receiv as set forth in section 3.3 ( d ) . ( d ) acquisit of receivables; payment of acquisit amount . for ani acquisit of a receiv by the servic under thi section 3.3 , the servic will acquir the receiv by remit the relat acquisit amount on or prior to the second busi day befor the payment date relat to the collect period in which such receiv wa acquir by the servic . if cellco is the servic , it may pay ani acquisit amount accord to section 4.3 ( c ) . ( e ) transfer and assign of acquir receiv . when the servic ’ s payment of the acquisit amount for a receiv is includ in avail fund for a payment date , the issuer will be deem to have transfer and assign to the servic , effect as of the last day of the collect period immedi preced the relat collect period , all of the issuer ’ s right , titl and interest in the receiv and all secur and document relat to the receiv . the transfer and assign will not requir ani action by the issuer or the indentur truste and will be without recours , represent or warranti by the issuer except the represent that the issuer own the receiv free and clear of ani lien , other than permit lien . after the transfer and assign , the servic will mark it receiv system to indic that the receiv is no longer a receiv and may take ani action necessari or advis to transfer the receiv free from ani lien of the issuer or the indentur truste . ( f ) no oblig to investig . none of the issuer , the owner truste , the indentur truste ( includ in it capac as successor servic hereund ) , the sponsor , the market agent , the depositor , the parent support provid , the administr or the servic will be oblig to investig whether a breach or other event ha occur that would requir the acquisit of ani receiv under thi section 3.3 or whether ani receiv are otherwis requir to be acquir under thi section 3.3 . ( g ) acquisit is sole remedi . the sole remedi of the issuer , the indentur truste , the owner truste , and the secur parti for ani extens , modif , amend , cancel or waiver of a receiv or ani term thereof under section 3.2 ( b ) or a breach of the coven made by the servic in section 3.2 ( c ) or ( d ) is the servic ’ s acquisit of the receiv , as describ under thi section 3.3. section 3.4 sale of written-off receiv . the servic may sell to ani third parti a receiv that ha been written off . proce of ani sale alloc to the written-off sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 receiv will be recoveri . ani recoveri will be paid to the servic as supplement servic fee and will not be a part of avail fund . if the servic elect to sell a written-off receiv , the receiv will be deem to have been transfer and assign by the issuer to the servic immedi befor the sale by the servic . after the sale , the servic will mark it receiv system to indic that the written-off receiv sold is no longer a receiv and may take ani action necessari or advis to transfer the receiv free from ani lien of the issuer or the indentur truste . section 3.5 servic report and complianc statement . ( a ) monthli investor report . ( i ) on or about the 15th day of each month , and in no case later than at least two ( 2 ) busi day befor each payment date , the servic will deliv to the depositor , the indentur truste , the owner truste , the note pay agent , the cap counterparti , the rate agenc and the administr a servic report ( the “ monthli investor report ” ) for that payment date and the relat collect period . the monthli investor report will includ ( i ) an acquisit date supplement if the collect period includ an acquisit date and ( ii ) a statement as to whether or not a delinqu trigger ha occur in respect of the relat collect period , togeth with reason detail calcul thereof . a respons person of the servic will certifi that the inform in the monthli investor report is accur in all materi respect . the monthli investor report will also be post on the indentur truste ’ s password protect websit locat at http : //pivot.usbank.com . ( ii ) the sponsor , in it capac as servic , will includ inform about the pool of initi receiv and the disclosur requir by section 246.4 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) of the u.s. credit risk retent rule in the monthli investor report for the first payment date , which monthli investor report will also be includ in the distribut report on form 10-d file with the commiss for the relat collect period . ( iii ) the sponsor , in it capac as servic , will includ in the monthli investor report notic of the occurr of ( i ) ani benchmark transit event and it relat benchmark replac date , ( ii ) the determin of ani benchmark replac , and ( iii ) the make of ani benchmark replac conform chang . ( b ) credit enhanc and pool composit test . on or befor each payment date and each acquisit date , the servic will determin whether the pool of receiv to be held by the issuer as of the relat cutoff date , includ ani addit receiv to be acquir , satisfi the credit enhanc test and each pool composit test . if the pool of receiv doe not satisfi all of the pool composit test , the administr may identifi receiv in the pool as temporarili exclud receiv so that the remain receiv in the pool will satisfi all of the pool composit tests; provid , that the administr may onli deem receiv to be temporarili exclud receiv if the overcollater target amount is reach as of the close of busi on such date of determin , without take into account the temporarili exclud receiv . in addit , the princip balanc of ani temporarili exclud receiv will be subtract from the adjust pool balanc for sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 purpos of calcul the credit enhanc test . the servic will state on the acquisit date supplement for each collect period for which there is an acquisit date the aggreg princip balanc of the receiv deem temporarili exclud receiv . for the avoid of doubt , collect on temporarili exclud receiv ( sole dure the time that they are temporarili exclud receiv ) will not constitut avail fund and , up to the amount of the temporarili exclud receiv servic fee will be distribut to the servic , and ani remain amount will be deposit into the certif distribut account for distribut to the certificatehold in the prioriti set forth in section 4.1 ( b ) of the trust agreement . the administr may , at it sole option , design receiv that were deem temporarili exclud receiv on ani prior date to no longer be deem temporarili exclud receiv as long as after such design by the administr , all of the pool composit test either will remain satisfi or will not be advers affect . ( c ) amort event . in connect with the prepar of each monthli investor report , the servic will review the amort event and determin whether an amort event occur dure the collect period immedi preced the relat collect period ( after give effect to ani acquisit of addit receiv dure such collect period ) , and the monthli investor report shall indic whether or not an amort event ha occur . ( d ) remitt report . for as long as the servic and the market agent are deposit collect pursuant to section 4.3 ( b ) ( ii ) and deposit ani requir upgrad payment within two ( 2 ) busi day after the identif that all of the term and condit relat to such upgrad offer have been satisfi by the relat obligor , the servic will provid a written report ( which may be electron submit ) to the indentur truste and the note pay agent on each such deposit or remitt date set forth ( x ) the aggreg dollar amount deposit or remit into the collect account by the servic , the market agent or an origin on such date , ( y ) the aggreg dollar amount of collect deposit by the servic on such date and ( z ) the aggreg number of upgrad offer accept sinc the deposit or remitt date immedi preced the relat deposit or remitt date , and the aggreg amount of upgrad payment remit by the market agent or an origin on such date . section 3.6 review of servic ’ s record . the servic will maintain record and document relat to it perform under thi agreement accord to it customari busi practic . upon reason request not more than onc dure ani calendar year , and with reason notic , the servic will give the issuer , the depositor , the parent support provid , the administr , the owner truste and the indentur truste ( or their repres ) access to the record and document to conduct a review of the servic ’ s perform under thi agreement . ani access or review will be conduct by all parti at the same time at the servic ’ s offic dure it normal busi hour at a time reason conveni to the servic and in a manner that will minim disrupt to it busi oper . ani access or review will be subject to the servic ’ s secur , confidenti and privaci polici and ani regulatori , legal and data protect polici . notwithstand the forego , the permiss right of the indentur truste to access or review ani record of the servic shall not be deem to be an oblig of the indentur truste to do so . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 section 3.7 servic ’ s author and respons person . on or befor the close date , the servic will notifi the indentur truste and the owner truste and provid a specimen signatur of each person who ( a ) is author to give instruct and direct to the indentur truste and the owner truste on behalf of the servic and ( b ) is a respons person for the servic . the servic may chang such person at ani time by notifi the indentur truste and the owner truste . section 3.8 servic ’ s fee . as compens for perform it oblig under thi agreement , the servic will be paid the servic fee . on each payment date , the issuer will pay the servic fee to the servic accord to section 8.2 of the indentur . in addit , the servic may retain ani supplement servic fee . the servic will also receiv the temporarili exclud receiv servic fee on each payment date , which will be payabl sole from collect on the temporarili exclud receiv , as set forth in section 3.5 ( b ) . section 3.9 servic ’ s expens . except as otherwis state in thi agreement , the servic will pay all it expens for servic the receiv under thi agreement , includ fee and expens of legal counsel and independ account , tax impos on the servic and expens to prepar report , certif or notic under thi agreement . section 3.10 custodian . ( a ) appoint of custodian . to reduc administr cost and facilit the servic of the receiv by the servic , the issuer appoint cellco , in it capac as the servic , to act as the custodian of the receiv for the issuer and the indentur truste ( for the benefit of the secur parti ) , as their interest may appear . cellco accept the appoint and agre to perform the custodi oblig in thi section 3.10 . ( b ) custodi of receiv file . the custodian will hold and maintain in custodi the follow document for each receiv ( the “ receiv file ” ) for the benefit of the issuer and the indentur truste , use reason care and accord to the servic procedur : ( i ) the origin receiv ( or an imag copi of such receiv ) or an authorit copi of the receiv , if in electron form; and ( ii ) all other document , notic and correspond relat to the receiv or the obligor that the servic gener in the cours of servic the receiv . except as state abov , ani document in a receiv file may be a photocopi or in electron format or may be convert to electron format at ani time . the custodian will hold and maintain the receiv file , includ ani receiv system on which the receiv file are electron store , in a manner that will permit the servic and the issuer to compli with thi agreement and the indentur truste to compli with the indentur . ( c ) deliveri of receiv file . the receiv file are or will be construct deliv to the indentur truste , as pledge of the issuer under the indentur , and the custodian confirm to the issuer and the indentur truste that it ha receiv the receiv file for the initi receiv and , by it deliveri ( in it capac as servic ) to the issuer and the indentur truste of an acquisit date supplement , will be deem to confirm to the sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 issuer and the indentur truste that it ha receiv the receiv file for the addit receiv . no initi review or ani period review of the receiv file by the issuer , the owner truste or the indentur truste is requir . ( d ) locat of receiv file . the custodian will maintain the receiv file ( or access to ani receiv file store in an electron format ) at one of it offic or the offic of one of it custodian in the unit state . on request of the depositor , the issuer and the indentur truste , the custodian will provid a list of locat of the receiv file . ( e ) access to receiv file . the custodian will give the servic access to the receiv file and , on request of the servic , the custodian will promptli releas ani document in the receiv file to the servic for purpos of servic the receiv . the custodian will give the depositor , the issuer and the indentur truste access to the receiv file and the receiv system to conduct a review of the receiv . ani access or review will be conduct at the custodian ’ s offic dure normal busi hour at a time reason conveni to the custodian in a manner that will minim disrupt of it busi oper . ani access or review will be subject to the custodian ’ s legal , regulatori , confidenti , privaci and data protect polici . attach hereto as exhibit a is a copi of the custodian ’ s secur requir in effect on the date of thi agreement . ( f ) effect period and termin . cellco ’ s appoint as custodian is effect as of the initi cutoff date and will continu until the later of ( i ) the date on which all oblig of the issuer have been paid in full and ( ii ) the date on which such appoint is termin under thi section 3.10 ( f ) . if the servic resign under section 7.1 or is termin under section 7.2 , the servic ’ s appoint as custodian under thi agreement may be termin in the same manner as the servic may be termin under section 7.2. as soon as practic after ani termin of it appoint as custodian and subject to the legal , regulatori , confidenti , privaci and data protect polici of the custodian and cellco , the custodian will deliv the receiv file to the indentur truste or it designe or successor custodian at a place design by the indentur truste . all reason expens of transfer the receiv file to the designe or successor custodian will be paid by the termin custodian on receipt of an invoic in reason detail . ( g ) no agenc . neither the custodian nor the servic shall be deem to be an agent of the indentur truste , and the indentur truste shall have no liabil for the act or omiss of the custodian or the servic . section 3.11 market agent . ( a ) appoint of market agent . the issuer and the servic appoint cellco to act as market agent for the receiv . cellco accept the appoint and agre to perform it oblig set forth in thi agreement . ( b ) duti of the market agent . the market agent will be requir to remit , or to caus the relat origin to remit , to the collect account the amount set forth in section 4.3 ( g ) , ( h ) and ( i ) . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( c ) fee and expens of the market agent . fee and expens , if ani , of the market agent will be paid by the origin , as separ agre to under the market agent agenc agreement . ( d ) coven of the market agent . the market agent will not ( i ) make ani upgrad offer that waiv ani oblig of an obligor under the relat devic payment plan agreement , ( ii ) elimin the oblig of verizon wireless to pay off a devic payment plan agreement if an obligor satisfi the relat term and condit thereof , or ( iii ) elimin or impair ani third parti beneficiari right of an assigne under an upgrad offer , includ the right of such assigne to enforc verizon wireless ’ payment oblig under ani upgrad offer . section 3.12 termin of upgrad programs; credit relat to upgrad program . ( a ) to the extent ani upgrad offer ha not been termin and an obligor satisfi all of the term and condit of such upgrad offer in respect of a receiv , and ( i ) the market agent fail to make , or to caus the relat origin to make , the requir upgrad payment into the collect account as set forth in section 4.3 ( g ) and ( ii ) the parent support provid fail to make ani requir upgrad payment as set forth in section 1 of the parent support agreement , the servic and the market agent shall termin all upgrad offer within ten ( 10 ) busi day after the date the parent support provid receiv notic from the indentur truste that an upgrad payment wa due under section 1 of the parent support agreement . ( b ) if the market agent , the relev origin and the parent support provid fail to make such upgrad payment with respect to an upgrad offer , ( i ) the servic shall deliv the notic to obligor pursuant to section 3.13 with respect to such obligor ’ recoup right against verizon wireless , and ( ii ) notwithstand ani failur to deliv such notic , ( x ) if cellco is still the servic , the servic shall give a monthli credit to the obligor against amount owe with respect to the new devic payment plan agreement result from the upgrad offer , in an amount equal to the amount due that month under the origin devic payment plan agreement that is a receiv , or ( y ) if cellco is no longer the servic , cellco , ( 1 ) if requir , shall give such monthli credit to the obligor onli if cellco ha receiv notic from the servic that the obligor ha paid the amount due in the prior month under the origin devic payment plan agreement that is a receiv , and ( 2 ) shall cooper with ani successor servic to properli bill and credit such obligor ’ s account with respect to the receiv and the new devic payment plan agreement relat to the upgrad offer . ani such monthli credit grant to an obligor shall be appli directli against the monthli payment due on the new devic payment plan agreement and will not be appli in accord with the servic ’ s customari payment applic procedur pursuant to it servic procedur , if differ . for the avoid of doubt , if dure such time as cellco is no longer the servic , an obligor remit the full amount due under the relat new devic payment plan agreement , but doe not make a payment to the new servic for the origin devic payment plan agreement , a portion of such amount equal to the amount of the monthli credit grant to such obligor result from the upgrad offer in respect of the origin devic payment plan agreement that is a receiv shall be paid by cellco to the new servic . in such case , to the extent that all other amount owe on the relat account are current , the servic will not consid such account or payment sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 under the new devic payment plan agreement to be delinqu . in addit , regardless of whether cellco continu to be the servic of ani receiv for which the term and condit of an upgrad offer ( other than the requir that the market agent remit , or caus the relat origin to remit , an upgrad payment for such receiv ) were satisfi by the relat obligor and for which the market agent , the relat origin and the parent support provid fail to make the relat upgrad payment , cellco shall remit ani collect receiv on such receiv to the collect account in the time period in which it would have been otherwis oblig to do so . section 3.13 notic to obligor . within ten ( 10 ) day follow the earlier to occur of ( i ) a rate downgrad by each of the rate agenc of verizon to below invest grade , or ( ii ) a servic termin event , the servic will send a notic to all obligor indic ( a ) that their receiv have been assign to the issuer , and ( b ) ( x ) if cellco ha not been remov as servic , that the obligor shall continu to make their payment as they had previous , or ( y ) if cellco ha been remov as servic , the name of the successor servic and ani new instruct with respect to their payment . in addit , if the servic termin event wa as a result of the failur of the market agent to satisfi it oblig to make , or to caus the relat origin to make , requir upgrad payment pursuant to section 7.2 ( a ) ( i ) ( y ) , then cellco shall also send a notic to ( i ) all obligor who have a continu right to an upgrad , indic that cellco ha recent fail to make the necessari prepay with respect to one or more of it custom in connect with an upgrad offer , and that if ani obligor choos to upgrad and cellco fail to make the relat upgrad payment with respect to them , such obligor will still be requir to make payment on hi or her origin devic payment plan agreement , but that such obligor will have a correspond recoup right against hi or her new devic payment plan agreement with verizon wireless , and ( ii ) all obligor who had initi upgrad under an upgrad offer , indic that cellco had fail to make the relev upgrad payment , and state that such obligor will continu to have an oblig to make payment on their origin devic payment plan agreement , but will have a correspond right of recoup against their new devic payment plan agreement with verizon wireless . articl iv account , collect and applic of fund section 4.1 bank account . ( a ) establish of bank account . on or befor the close date , the servic will establish the follow segreg account or subaccount at a qualifi institut ( initi the corpor trust depart of u.s. bank nation associ ) , each in the name of “ u. . bank nation associ , as note pay agent for the benefit of the indentur truste , as secur parti for verizon owner trust 2020-a ” , to be design as follow : ( i ) “ collect account ” with account number 272062000; ( ii ) “ reserv account ” with account number 272062001; sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( iii ) “ acquisit account , ” as a subaccount of the collect account , with account number 272062002; and ( iv ) “ neg carri account ” with account number 272062003 . ( b ) control of bank account . each of the bank account will be under the control of the indentur truste so long as the bank account remain subject to the lien of the indentur , except that the servic may make deposit into and direct the note pay agent to make deposit into or withdraw from the bank account accord to the transact document . the servic may direct the note pay agent to withdraw from the collect account and pay to the servic , or as direct by the servic , amount that are not avail fund for a collect period or that were deposit into the collect account in error . follow the payment in full of the note and the releas of the bank account from the lien of the indentur , the bank account will be under the control of the issuer . ( c ) benefit of accounts; deposit and withdraw . the bank account and all cash , money , secur , invest , financi asset and other properti deposit in or credit to them will be held by the note pay agent for the benefit of the indentur truste as secur parti for the benefit of the secur parti and , after payment in full of the note and the releas of the bank account from the lien of the indentur , as agent of the issuer and as part of the trust properti . all deposit to and withdraw from the bank account will be made accord to the transact document . ( d ) mainten of account . if an institut maintain the bank account ceas to be a qualifi institut , the servic will , with the indentur truste ’ s assist as necessari , move the bank account to a qualifi institut within thirti ( 30 ) day . ( e ) complianc . each bank account will be subject to the account control agreement . the servic will ensur that the account control agreement requir the qualifi institut maintain the bank account to compli with “ entitl order ” ( as defin in section 8-102 of the ucc ) from the indentur truste without further consent of the issuer , if the note are outstand , and to act as a “ secur intermediari ” accord to the ucc . ( f ) agreement with respect to account . the servic , the issuer , the indentur truste and the secur intermediari agre as follow : ( i ) each of the bank account is , and will be maintain as , a “ secur account ” ( as defin in section 8-501 of the ucc ) ; ( ii ) the secur intermediari is act , and will act as a “ secur intermediari ” ( as defin in the ucc ) with respect to the bank accounts; ( iii ) thi agreement ( togeth with the indentur and the account control agreement ) is the onli agreement enter into among the parti with respect to the bank account and the parti will not enter into ani other agreement relat to the bank accounts; and sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( iv ) at the time thi agreement wa enter into and the bank account were establish , the secur intermediari ha one or more offic in the unit state of america that maintain the secur account . section 4.2 invest of fund in bank account . ( a ) permit invest . if ( i ) no default or event of default ha occur and is continu and ( ii ) cellco is the servic , the servic may instruct the indentur truste to invest ani fund in the collect account , the acquisit account , the reserv account and the neg carri account in permit invest and , if invest instruct are receiv , the indentur truste will direct the qualifi institut maintain the bank account to invest the fund in the collect account , the acquisit account , the reserv account or the neg carri account , as applic , in those permit investments; provid , that , if on ani payment date , the amount on deposit in the acquisit account ( after give effect to the acquisit of ani addit receiv on such date ) is greater than 25 of the aggreg note balanc ( after give effect to ani payment made on the note on such date ) , the servic shall instruct the indentur truste to invest ani amount in the acquisit account in excess of such amount in ani permit invest , other than ( x ) ani invest set forth in claus ( b ) or ( c ) of the definit of permit invest that are held by or at the indentur truste or ( y ) ani invest set forth in claus ( e ) of the definit thereof . if ( i ) the servic fail to give invest instruct for ani fund in the collect account , the acquisit account , the reserv account or the neg carri account to the indentur truste by 11:00 a.m. new york time ( or other time as may be agre by the indentur truste ) on the busi day befor a payment date or ( ii ) the qualifi institut receiv notic from the indentur truste that a default or event of default ha occur and is continu , the qualifi institut will invest and reinvest fund in such bank account accord to the last invest instruct receiv , if ani . if no prior invest instruct have been receiv or if the instruct invest are no longer avail or permit , the indentur truste will notifi the servic and request new invest instruct , and the fund will remain uninvest until new invest instruct are receiv . the servic may direct the indentur truste to consent , vote , waiv or take ani other action , or not to take ani action , on ani matter avail to the holder of the permit invest . if cellco is not the servic , fund on deposit in the collect account , the acquisit account , the reserv account and the neg carri account will remain uninvest . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 4.2 ( a ) or in the transact document , the servic shall not allow amount held in the collect account or the acquisit account to be invest unless it is abl to maintain record on a daili basi as to the amount realiz from the invest of collect receiv on each origin ’ s receiv . ( b ) matur of invest . for so long as cellco is the servic , ani permit invest of fund in the collect account and the reserv account ( or ani reinvest of the permit invest ) for a collect period must matur , if applic , and be avail no later than the second busi day befor the relat payment date and ani permit invest of fund in the acquisit account and the neg carri account ( or ani reinvest of the permit invest ) for a collect period must matur or be avail overnight . ani permit invest with a matur date will be held to their matur , except sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 that such permit invest may be sold or dispos of befor their matur in connect with the sale or liquid of the collater under section 5.6 of the indentur . ( c ) no liabil for invest . none of the depositor , the servic , the indentur truste , the note pay agent or the qualifi institut maintain ani bank account will be liabl for the select of permit invest or for invest loss incur on permit invest ( other than in the capac as obligor , if applic ) . ( d ) continu of lien in invest . the servic will not direct the indentur truste or the note pay agent to make ani invest of fund or to sell ani invest held in the bank account unless the secur interest grant and perfect in the account in favor of the indentur truste will continu to be perfect in the invest or the proce of the sale without further action by ani person . ( e ) invest earn . invest earn ( net of loss and invest expens ) on the collect account , the acquisit account , the reserv account and the neg carri account will be deposit into the certif distribut account for distribut to the certificatehold in the prioriti set forth in section 4.1 ( b ) of the trust agreement . section 4.3 deposit and payment . ( a ) close date and acquisit date deposit . on the close date and on each acquisit date , the servic will deposit into the collect account all amount receiv and appli as interest or princip on the initi receiv or the addit receiv , as applic , dure the period from the relat cutoff date to two ( 2 ) busi day befor the close date or acquisit date , as applic . ( b ) deposit of collect . ( i ) if cellco is the servic and ( x ) verizon ’ s long-term unsecur debt is rate equal to or higher than “ baa2 ” by moodi ’ s and “ a ” by s & p ( the “ monthli deposit requir rate ” ) , ( y ) verizon guarante certain payment oblig of cellco , as servic , as provid in the parent support agreement and ( z ) no servic termin event ha occur , the servic may deposit collect into the collect account on the second busi day befor each payment date . ( ii ) for as long as ( x ) verizon ’ s long-term unsecur debt is not rate at least the monthli deposit requir rate , ( y ) verizon doe not guaranti certain payment oblig of cellco , as servic or ( z ) a servic termin event occur , the servic will ( 1 ) deposit into the collect account all amount receiv and appli as interest or princip on the receiv within two ( 2 ) busi day after identif of receipt of good fund and ( 2 ) provid a written report ( which may be electron submit ) to the indentur truste and the note pay agent regard such deposit set forth in claus ( 1 ) abov , as requir by section 3.5 ( d ) . ( c ) reconcili of deposit . if cellco is the servic and for ani payment date , the sum of ( i ) collect for the collect period , plu ( ii ) acquisit amount for the sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 payment date , exce the amount deposit under section 4.3 ( b ) for the collect period , cellco will deposit an amount equal to the excess into the collect account on the second busi day befor the payment date . if , for ani payment date , the amount deposit under section 4.3 ( b ) for the collect period exceed the sum of ( i ) collect for the collect period , plu ( ii ) acquisit amount for the payment date , the indentur truste or the note pay agent will pay to cellco from avail fund in the collect account an amount equal to the excess within two ( 2 ) busi day after cellco ’ s direct , but no later than the payment date . if request by the indentur truste , cellco will provid reason support detail for it calcul of the amount to be deposit or paid under thi section 4.3 ( c ) . ( d ) net deposit . cellco may make the deposit and payment requir by section 4.3 ( b ) net of servic fee to be paid to cellco for the collect period and amount the servic is permit to retain under section 3.8 and be reimburs for under section 3.9. the servic will account for all deposit and payment in the monthli investor report as if the amount were deposit and/or paid separ . ( e ) no segreg . pend deposit in the collect account , the servic is not requir to segreg collect from it own fund . ( f ) neg carri account deposit . ani certificatehold may , at it option , deposit fund into the neg carri account on ani date . ( g ) deposit of upgrad payment . if ani upgrad offer ha not been termin and an obligor satisfi all of the term and condit of such upgrad offer in respect of a receiv , the market agent shall deposit , or shall caus the relat origin to deposit , into the collect account the relat upgrad payment , within two ( 2 ) busi day after the identif that all of the term and condit relat to such upgrad offer have been satisfi by the relat obligor in respect of a receivable; provid , that if the condit set forth in section 4.3 ( b ) ( i ) are satisfi , the market agent shall deposit , or shall caus the relat origin to deposit , such amount into the collect account on the second busi day befor the payment date relat to the collect period in which the relat obligor ha satisfi all of the term and condit ( for the avoid of doubt , other than the requir prepay ) relat to such upgrad offer in respect of a receiv . the parti acknowledg that the failur of the market agent to deposit , or to caus the relat origin to deposit , into the collect account the relat upgrad payment or otherwis to pay off the receiv would constitut a breach by the relat origin of it oblig to the obligor under the upgrad contract and that thi breach would advers affect the valu of the receiv , and give the obligor a claim in recoup against the relat origin and a right to offset that claim against the amount that the obligor would owe to the relat origin under the new devic payment plan agreement ( each such agreement , a “ new upgrad dpp ” ) enter into by the relat origin ( or it agent , on it behalf ) pursuant to the upgrad contract . the parti hereto intend that the payment by the market agent or the relat origin of the upgrad payment as provid in thi section 4.3 ( g ) shall extinguish such obligor ’ s claim in recoup against the relat origin and the obligor ’ s right to offset the amount of that claim against the amount that the obligor would owe under the new upgrad dpp contemporan with such upgrad payment by the market agent or the relat origin . the parti hereto also intend that the payment by the market agent or the relat origin of the upgrad sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 payment as provid in section 2.2.1 of the market agent agenc agreement shall extinguish each obligor ’ s claim in recoup against the “ verizon origin ” describ in that section and the obligor ’ s right to offset the amount of that claim against the amount that the obligor would owe under the new devic payment plan agreement enter into by such verizon origin ( or it agent , on it behalf ) pursuant to the upgrad contract as describ in that section 2.2.1 contemporan with such upgrad payment by the market agent or the relat origin . ( h ) deposit of credit payment . if an obligor is grant a credit and the applic of such credit to the relat obligor ’ s account result in a shortfal in collect for the relat collect period , the market agent shall deposit , or shall caus the relat origin to deposit , into the collect account the relat credit payment within two ( 2 ) busi day after identif that such credit wa appli to an obligor account; provid , that if the condit set forth in section 4.3 ( b ) ( i ) are satisfi , the market agent shall deposit , or shall caus the relat origin to deposit , such amount into the collect account on the second busi day befor the payment date relat to the collect period in which such credit wa appli to an obligor account . ( i ) deposit of assumpt of liabil payment . if an origin or the servic allow a devic payment plan agreement that is a receiv to be transfer to a new obligor , the market agent shall acquir such receiv and deposit , or caus the relat origin to acquir and deposit , into the collect account an amount equal to the applic acquisit amount for the relat receiv on or prior to the second busi day befor the payment date relat to the collect period in which such transfer occur . section 4.4 reserv account; neg carri account; acquisit account . ( a ) initi reserv account deposit . on the close date , the depositor will deposit or caus to be deposit the requir reserv amount into the reserv account from the net proce of the sale of the note . ( b ) reserv account draw amount . on or befor two ( 2 ) busi day befor a payment date , the servic will calcul the reserv account draw amount for the payment date and will direct the note pay agent to withdraw from the reserv account and deposit into the collect account on or befor the payment date ( x ) the reserv account draw amount and ( y ) ani amount in excess of the requir reserv amount for such payment date , after give effect to the withdraw of the reserv account draw amount with respect to such payment date . ( c ) neg carri account amount . ( i ) to the extent that the class a certificatehold , sole at it option , deposit ani amount into the acquisit account , pursuant to section 4.4 ( d ) ( i ) , the class a certificatehold will deposit into the neg carri account an amount equal to the requir neg carri amount relat to such amount deposit into the acquisit account on such date . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( ii ) on or befor two ( 2 ) busi day befor a payment date , the servic will calcul the neg carri account draw amount for the payment date and will instruct the note pay agent to withdraw from the neg carri account and deposit the neg carri account draw amount into the collect account on or befor the payment date . ( iii ) on each payment date , ani amount in the neg carri account in excess of the requir neg carri amount , after give effect to ani acquisit of receiv on such payment date , shall be withdrawn from the neg carri account and deposit into the certif distribut account , for distribut to the certificatehold in the prioriti set forth in section 4.1 ( b ) of the trust agreement . ( iv ) on or befor the first payment date dure the amort period , the servic will direct the note pay agent to withdraw all fund in the neg carri account and deposit the fund into the collect account . ( d ) acquisit account amount . ( i ) from time to time , the class a certificatehold may , sole at it option , deposit amount into the acquisit account , as set forth in section 2.5 of the trust agreement . ( ii ) on or befor two ( 2 ) busi day befor an acquisit date , the issuer , or the servic on it behalf , will direct the note pay agent to withdraw the addit receiv cash transfer amount from the acquisit account and pay that amount to the depositor on the acquisit date in consider for the acquisit of addit receiv by the issuer on the acquisit date . ( iii ) on each payment date , ani amount in the acquisit account in excess of the requir acquisit deposit amount , after give effect to ani acquisit of receiv on such payment date , shall be withdrawn from the acquisit account and deposit into the certif distribut account , for distribut to the certificatehold in the prioriti set forth in section 4.1 ( b ) of the trust agreement . ( iv ) on or befor the first payment date dure the amort period , the servic will direct the note pay agent to withdraw all fund in the acquisit account and deposit the fund into the collect account . ( e ) releas of fund . the indentur truste shall , at such time as there are no note outstand , releas ani remain portion of the collect account from the lien of the indentur and releas to or to the order of the issuer or , in the case of the reserv account , to the depositor . section 4.5 direct to indentur truste for distribut . on or about the 15th day of each month , and in no case later than at least two ( 2 ) busi day befor each payment date , the servic will direct the indentur truste or note pay agent ( base on the most recent monthli investor report ) to make the withdraw , deposit , distribut and payment sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 requir to be made on the payment date under section 8.2 of the indentur and section 4.3 ( c ) of thi agreement . articl v depositor section 5.1 depositor ’ s represent and warranti . the depositor repres and warrant to the issuer as of the close date and as of each acquisit date , on which represent and warranti the issuer is reli in purchas the depositor transfer properti and which will surviv the transfer and assign of the depositor transfer properti by the depositor to the issuer under thi agreement and the pledg of the depositor transfer properti by the issuer to the indentur truste under the indentur : ( a ) organ and good stand . the depositor is a validli exist limit liabil compani in good stand under the law of the state of delawar and ha full power and author to own it properti and conduct it busi as present own or conduct , and to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti . ( b ) due qualif . the depositor is duli qualifi to do busi , is in good stand as a foreign limit liabil compani ( or is exempt from such requir ) and ha obtain all necessari licens and approv in each jurisdict in which the conduct of it busi requir such qualif , licens or approv , except where the failur to so qualifi or obtain licens or approv would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . ( c ) due author . the execut , deliveri , and perform of thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti , have been duli author by the depositor by all necessari limit liabil compani action on the part of the depositor . ( d ) no proceed . there are no action , suit , investig or other proceed pend , or to it knowledg threaten , against the depositor or ani of it properti : ( i ) assert the invalid of thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a party; ( ii ) seek to prevent the consumm of ani of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a party; or ( iii ) seek ani determin or rule that might have a materi advers effect on the perform by the depositor of it oblig under , or the valid or enforc of , thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti . ( e ) all consent . all author , consent , order or approv of or registr or declar with ani government author requir to be obtain , effect or given to it , if ani , in connect with the execut and deliveri of thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti and the perform of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document by the depositor , in each case , have been duli obtain , effect or given and are in full forc and effect , except for those which the failur to obtain would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( f ) bind oblig . thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti constitut , when duli execut and deliv by each other parti hereto and thereto , a legal , valid and bind oblig of the depositor , enforc against it in accord with it term , except as such enforc may be limit by applic bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , moratorium , receivership , conservatorship or other similar law affect creditor ’ right gener or by gener principl of equiti . ( g ) no conflict . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti by the depositor , and the perform by it of the transact contempl by the transact document and the fulfil of the term hereof and thereof applic to the depositor , ( i ) do not contraven ( a ) it limit liabil compani agreement , ( b ) ani contractu restrict bind on or affect it or it properti , or ( c ) ani order , writ , judgment , award , injunct or decre bind on or affect it or it properti , except , in each case of ( a ) , ( b ) or ( c ) , where such contravent would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect and ( ii ) do not result in or requir the creation of ani advers claim upon or with respect to ani of it properti . ( h ) no violat . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement by the depositor , the perform by the depositor of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti and the fulfil of the term hereof and thereof applic to the depositor will not violat ani law applic to the depositor , except where such violat would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . section 5.2 liabil of depositor . ( a ) liabil for specif oblig . the depositor will be liabl under thi agreement onli for it specif oblig under thi agreement . all other liabil is expressli waiv and releas as a condit of , and consider for , the execut of thi agreement by the depositor and the issuanc of the note . the depositor will be liabl for it will misconduct , bad faith or gross neglig in perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( b ) no liabil of other . the depositor ’ s oblig under thi agreement are corpor oblig . no person will have recours , directli or indirectli , to ani member , manag , offic , director , employe or agent of the depositor for the depositor ’ s oblig under thi agreement . ( c ) legal proceed . the depositor will not be requir to start , pursu or particip in ani legal proceed that is unrel to it oblig under thi agreement and that , in it opinion , may result in liabil or caus it to pay or risk fund or incur financi liabil . ( d ) payment of tax . the depositor will pay all tax levi or assess on the trust properti . ( e ) relianc by depositor . the depositor may reli in good faith on the advic of counsel or on ani document believ to be genuin and to have been execut by the proper parti for ani matter under thi agreement . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 section 5.3 merger , consolid , success or assign . ani person ( a ) into which the depositor is merg or consolid , ( b ) result from a merger or consolid to which the depositor is a parti , ( c ) succeed to the depositor ’ s busi or ( d ) that is an affili of the depositor to whom the depositor ha assign thi agreement , will be the successor to the depositor under thi agreement . within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day after the merger , consolid , success or assign , such person will ( i ) execut an agreement to assum the depositor ’ s oblig under thi agreement and each transact document to which the depositor is a parti ( unless the assumpt happen by oper of law ) , ( ii ) deliv to the issuer , the owner truste and the indentur truste an offic ’ s certif and an opinion of counsel each state that the merger , consolid , success or assign and the assumpt agreement compli with thi section 5.3 , ( iii ) deliv to the issuer , the owner truste and the indentur truste an opinion of counsel state that the secur interest in favor of the issuer in the depositor transfer properti and the indentur truste in the collater is or will be perfect and ( iv ) notifi the rate agenc of the merger , consolid , success or assign . section 5.4 depositor may own note . the depositor and ani affili of the depositor , in it individu or ani other capac , may becom the owner or pledge of note with the same right as ani other person except as limit in ani transact document . note own by or pledg to the depositor or ani affili of the depositor will have an equal and proportion benefit under the transact document , except as limit in ani transact document . section 5.5 depositor ’ s author and respons person . on or befor the close date , the depositor will notifi the indentur truste and the owner truste and provid specimen signatur of ( i ) each person who is author to give instruct and direct to the indentur truste and the owner truste on behalf of the depositor and ( ii ) each person who is a respons person for the depositor . the depositor may chang such person at ani time by notifi the indentur truste and the owner truste in write . section 5.6 compani exist . dure the term of thi agreement , the depositor shall keep in full forc and effect it exist , right and franchis as a limit liabil compani under the law of the jurisdict of it format and shall obtain and preserv it qualif to do busi in each jurisdict in which such qualif is or shall be necessari to protect the valid and enforc of the transact document and each other instrument or agreement necessari or appropri to the proper administr of thi agreement and the transact contempl herebi . section 5.7 no divis . notwithstand section 18- 217 of the delawar limit liabil compani act or the depositor ’ s limit liabil compani agreement , for so long as the note remain outstand , the depositor shall not divid or enter into a plan of divis within the mean of section 18- 217 of the delawar limit liabil compani act . articl vi servic and market agent section 6.1 servic ’ s and market agent ’ s represent and warranti . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( a ) the servic repres and warrant to the issuer as of the close date and as of each acquisit date , on which represent and warranti the issuer is reli in purchas the depositor transfer properti and which will surviv the transfer and assign of the depositor transfer properti by the depositor to the issuer under thi agreement and the pledg of the depositor transfer properti by the issuer to the indentur truste under the indentur : ( i ) organ and good stand . the servic is a validli exist partnership in good stand under the law of the state of delawar and ha full power and author to own it properti and conduct it servic busi as present own or conduct , and to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti . ( ii ) due qualif . the servic is duli qualifi to do busi , is in good stand as a foreign entiti ( or is exempt from such requir ) and ha obtain all necessari licens and approv in each jurisdict in which the servic of the receiv requir such qualif , licens or approv , except where the failur to so qualifi or obtain licens or approv would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . ( iii ) due author . the execut , deliveri , and perform of thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti , have been duli author by the servic by all necessari partnership action on the part of the servic . ( iv ) no proceed . there are no action , suit , investig or other proceed pend , or to it knowledg threaten , against the servic or ani of it properti : ( i ) assert the invalid of thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a party; ( ii ) seek to prevent the consumm of ani of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a party; or ( iii ) seek ani determin or rule that might have a materi advers effect on the perform by the servic of it oblig under , or the valid or enforc of , thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti . ( v ) all consent . all author , consent , order or approv of or registr or declar with ani government author requir to be obtain , effect or given to it , if ani , in connect with the execut and deliveri of thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti and the perform of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document by the servic , in each case , have been duli obtain , effect or given and are in full forc and effect , except for those which the failur to obtain would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . ( vi ) bind oblig . thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti constitut , when duli execut and deliv by each other parti hereto and thereto , a legal , valid and bind oblig of the servic , enforc against it in accord with it term , except as such enforc may be sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 limit by applic bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , moratorium , receivership , conservatorship or other similar law affect creditor ’ right gener or by gener principl of equiti . ( vii ) no conflict . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti by the servic , and the perform by it of the transact contempl by the transact document and the fulfil of the term hereof and thereof applic to the servic , ( i ) do not contraven ( a ) the organiz document of the servic , ( b ) ani contractu restrict bind on or affect it or it properti , or ( c ) ani order , writ , judgment , award , injunct or decre bind on or affect it or it properti , except , in each case of ( a ) , ( b ) or ( c ) , where such contravent would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect and ( ii ) do not result in or requir the creation of ani advers claim upon or with respect to ani of it properti . ( viii ) no violat . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement by the servic , the perform by the servic of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti and the fulfil of the term hereof and thereof applic to the servic will not violat ani law applic to the servic , except where such violat would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . ( ix ) complianc with law . it ha compli with all law applic to the servic of the receiv , except where the failur to do so , individu or in the aggreg , would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . ( x ) servic procedur . it ha compli in all materi respect with the servic procedur with respect to the receiv . ( b ) the market agent repres and warrant to the issuer as of the close date and as of each acquisit date , on which represent and warranti the issuer is reli in purchas the depositor transfer properti and which will surviv the transfer and assign of the depositor transfer properti by the depositor to the issuer under thi agreement and the pledg of the depositor transfer properti by the issuer to the indentur truste under the indentur : ( i ) organ and good stand . the market agent is a validli exist partnership in good stand under the law of the state of delawar and ha full power and author to own it properti and conduct it busi as present own or conduct , and to execut , deliv and perform it oblig under thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti . ( ii ) due qualif . the market agent is duli qualifi to do busi , is in good stand as a foreign entiti ( or is exempt from such requir ) and ha obtain all necessari licens and approv in each jurisdict in which the conduct of it busi requir such qualif , licens or approv , except where the failur to sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 so qualifi or obtain licens or approv would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . ( iii ) due author . the execut , deliveri , and perform of thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti , have been duli author by the market agent by all necessari partnership action on the part of the market agent . ( iv ) no proceed . there are no action , suit , investig or other proceed pend , or to it knowledg threaten , against the market agent or ani of it properti : ( i ) assert the invalid of thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a party; ( ii ) seek to prevent the consumm of ani of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a party; or ( iii ) seek ani determin or rule that might have a materi advers effect on the perform by the market agent of it oblig under , or the valid or enforc of , thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti . ( v ) all consent . all author , consent , order or approv of or registr or declar with ani government author requir to be obtain , effect or given to it , if ani , in connect with the execut and deliveri of thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti and the perform of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document by the market agent , in each case , have been duli obtain , effect or given and are in full forc and effect , except for those which the failur to obtain would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . ( vi ) bind oblig . thi agreement and each other transact document to which it is a parti constitut , when duli execut and deliv by each other parti hereto and thereto , a legal , valid and bind oblig of the market agent , enforc against it in accord with it term , except as such enforc may be limit by applic bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , moratorium , receivership , conservatorship or other similar law affect creditor ’ right gener or by gener principl of equiti . ( vii ) no conflict . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti by the market agent , and the perform by it of the transact contempl by the transact document and the fulfil of the term hereof and thereof applic to the market agent , ( i ) do not contraven ( a ) the organiz document of the market agent , ( b ) ani contractu restrict bind on or affect it or it properti , or ( c ) ani order , writ , judgment , award , injunct or decre bind on or affect it or it properti , except , in each case of ( a ) , ( b ) or ( c ) , where such contravent would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect and ( ii ) do not result in or requir the creation of ani advers claim upon or with respect to ani of it properti . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( viii ) no violat . the execut and deliveri of thi agreement by the market agent , the perform by the market agent of the transact contempl by thi agreement or ani other transact document to which it is a parti and the fulfil of the term hereof and thereof applic to the market agent will not violat ani law applic to the market agent , except where such violat would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect . section 6.2 liabil of servic and market agent . ( a ) liabil for specif oblig . each of the servic and the market agent , sever and not jointli , will be liabl under thi agreement onli for it specif oblig under thi agreement . all other liabil is expressli waiv and releas as a condit of , and consider for , the execut of thi agreement by the servic or the market agent , as applic . each of the servic and the market agent , sever and not jointli , will be liabl onli for it own will misconduct , bad faith or gross neglig in perform it oblig under thi agreement . ( b ) no liabil of other . each of the servic ’ s and the market agent ’ s oblig under thi agreement are corpor oblig . no person will have recours , directli or indirectli , to ani member , manag , offic , director , employe or agent of the servic for the servic ’ s oblig or the market agent for the market agent ’ s oblig , as applic , under thi agreement . ( c ) legal proceed . the servic will not be requir to start , pursu or particip in ani legal proceed that is not incident or relat to it oblig to servic the receiv under thi agreement and that in it opinion may result in liabil or caus it to pay or risk fund or incur financi liabil . the servic may in it sole discret start or pursu ani legal proceed to protect the interest of the notehold or the depositor under the transact document . the servic will be respons for the fee and expens of legal counsel and ani liabil result from the legal proceed . ( d ) forc majeur . neither the servic nor the market agent will be respons or liabl for ani failur or delay in perform it oblig under thi agreement caus by , directli or indirectli , forc beyond it control , includ strike , work stoppag , act of war , terror , civil or militari disturb , fire , flood , earthquak , storm , hurrican or other natur disast or failur of mechan , electron or commun systems; provid , howev that thi provis shall not limit the right to remov the servic for a servic termin event as provid in section 7.2 ( a ) , other than with respect to the extens of the grace period as provid in section 7.2 ( a ) . each of the servic and the market agent , as applic , will use commerci reason effort to resum perform as soon as practic in the circumst . ( e ) relianc by servic and market agent . each of the servic and the market agent may reli in good faith on the advic of counsel or on ani document believ to be genuin and to have been execut by the proper parti for ani matter under thi agreement . section 6.3 indemn of servic and the market agent . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( a ) indemnif . ( i ) the servic will indemnifi the issuer , the owner truste and the indentur truste ( includ in it capac as note pay agent ) , and their offic , director , employe and agent ( each , an “ indemnifi person ” ) for all fee , expens , loss , claim , action , suit , damag and liabil ( includ reason legal fee and expens ) result from the servic ’ s ( includ in it capac as custodian ) will misconduct , bad faith or gross neglig in perform it oblig under the transact document ( includ such amount incur by such parti in defend themselv against ani loss , damag or liabil and ani fee and expens incur in connect with ani proceed brought by the indemnifi person to enforc the servic ’ s indemnif or other oblig under thi agreement ) . ( ii ) the market agent will indemnifi the indemnifi person for all fee , expens , loss , claim , action , suit , damag and liabil ( includ reason legal fee and expens ) result from the market agent ’ s will misconduct , bad faith or gross neglig in perform it oblig under the transact document ( includ such amount incur by such parti in defend themselv against ani loss , damag or liabil and ani fee and expens incur in connect with ani proceed brought by the indemnifi person to enforc the market agent ’ s indemnif or other oblig under thi agreement ) . ( b ) proceed . if an indemnifi person receiv notic of a proceed against it , the indemnifi person will , if a claim for indemn will be made against the servic or the market agent , as applic , under thi section 6.3 , promptli notifi the servic or the market agent , as applic , of the proceeding; provid , that the failur to give such notic shall not affect the right of an indemnifi person to indemnif hereund to the extent that such failur doe not prejudic the right of the servic , the market agent or the indemnifi person in such proceed . the servic or the market agent , as applic , may particip in and assum the defens and settlement of a proceed at it expens . if the servic or the market agent , as applic , notifi the indemnifi person of it intent to assum the defens of the proceed , the servic or the market agent , as applic , will assum such defens with counsel reason satisfactori to the indemnifi person , and in a manner reason satisfactori to the indemnifi person , and the servic or the market agent , as applic , and will not be liabl for fee and expens of separ counsel to the indemnifi person unless there is a conflict between the interest of the servic or the market agent , as applic , and the indemnifi person . if there is a conflict or if the parti can not reason agre as to the select of counsel , the servic or the market agent , as applic , will pay the reason fee and expens of separ counsel to the indemnifi person . no settlement of the proceed in which a claim is brought against the servic or the market agent may be settl in the name of , on behalf of , or in ani manner in which the servic or the market agent , as applic , is understood to acknowledg the valid of ani claim without the approv of the servic or the market agent , respect , and the indemnifi person , which approv will not be unreason withheld . ( c ) surviv of oblig . each of the servic ’ s and the market agent ’ s oblig under thi section 6.3 , for the period it wa the servic or the market agent , sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 respect , will surviv the servic ’ s or the market agent ’ s , as applic , resign or termin , the termin of thi agreement , the resign or remov of the owner truste or the indentur truste and the termin of the issuer . ( d ) repay . if the servic or the market agent make a payment to an indemnifi person under thi section 6.3 and the indemnifi person later collect from other ani amount for which the payment wa made , the indemnifi person will promptli repay those amount to the servic or the market agent , as applic . section 6.4 deleg and contract . if cellco is not the servic or the custodian , the servic or the custodian , as applic , may not deleg to ani person it oblig under thi agreement without the consent of the issuer . howev , no notic or consent will be requir for ani deleg if cellco is the servic or the custodian . no notic or consent will be requir for ani deleg by the market agent of it oblig under thi agreement . ani of the servic , the custodian or the market agent may contract with other person to perform it oblig under thi agreement . no deleg or contract will reliev the servic , the custodian or the market agent , as applic , of it respons , and the servic , the custodian or the market agent , respect , will remain respons for those oblig . each of the servic , the custodian and the market agent will be respons for the fee of it deleg and contractor , as applic . section 6.5 servic may own note . the servic and ani affili of the servic , may , in it individu or ani other capac , becom the owner or pledge of note with the same right as it would have if it were not the servic or an affili of the servic , except as otherwis state in ani transact document . section 6.6 annual statement as to complianc . within nineti ( 90 ) day after the end of each fiscal year for which a report on form 10-k is requir to be file with the commiss by or on behalf of the issuer ( commenc with the fiscal year end decemb 31 , 2020 ) , the servic will deliv an offic ’ s certif to the administr , the depositor , the owner truste and the indentur truste to the effect that ( a ) a review of the servic ’ s activ dure the prior fiscal year ( or sinc the close date in the case of the first such offic ’ s certif ) and of it perform under thi agreement ha been made under the supervis of the offic execut such offic ’ s certif and ( b ) to the best of hi or her knowledg , base on the review , the servic ha fulfil in all materi respect it oblig under thi agreement , or , if there ha been a failur to fulfil ani such oblig in ani materi respect , specifi each such failur known to such offic and the natur and statu of the failur . section 6.7 assess of complianc and account ’ attest . ( a ) within nineti ( 90 ) day after the end of each fiscal year for which a report on form 10-k is requir to be file with the commiss by or on behalf of the issuer ( commenc with the fiscal year end decemb 31 , 2020 ) , the servic will : ( i ) deliv to the issuer , the depositor , the administr , the owner truste , the indentur truste and the rate agenc a report regard the servic ’ s assess of complianc with the servic criteria dure the immedi preced sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 calendar year , includ disclosur of ani materi instanc of non-compli identifi by the servic , as requir under rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 of the exchang act and item 1122 of regul ab . such report shall be address to the issuer and sign by an author offic of the servic , and shall address each of the servic criteria applic to the servicer; ( ii ) deliv to the issuer , the depositor , the administr , the owner truste , the indentur truste and the rate agenc a report of a regist public account firm reason accept to the issuer and the administr that attest to , and report on , the assess of complianc made by the servic and deliv pursuant to the preced paragraph . thi attest shall be deliv in accord with rule 1-02 ( a ) ( 3 ) and 2-02 ( g ) of regul s‑x under the secur act and the exchang act; ( iii ) caus each subservic and each subcontractor , if ani , determin by the servic to be “ particip in the servic function ” within the mean of item 1122 of regul ab , to deliv to the issuer , the depositor , the administr , the owner truste and the indentur truste an assess of complianc and account ’ attest as and when provid in paragraph ( i ) and ( ii ) of thi section; and ( iv ) if request by the administr , act on behalf of the issuer , deliv to the issuer , the depositor and the administr and ani other person that will be respons for sign the certif ( a “ sarban certif ” ) requir by rule 13a-14 ( d ) and 15d- 14 ( d ) under the exchang act ( pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 ) on behalf of an asset-back issuer with respect to a securit transact a certif in the form attach hereto as exhibit b. the servic acknowledg that the parti identifi in claus ( a ) ( iv ) abov may reli on the certif provid by the servic pursuant to such claus in sign a sarban certif and file such with the commiss . the administr , act on behalf of the issuer , will not request deliveri of a certif under claus ( a ) ( iv ) abov unless the depositor is requir under the exchang act to file an annual report on form 10‑k with respect to an asset-back issuer whose asset pool includ receiv . ( b ) each assess of complianc provid by a subservic pursuant to section 6.7 ( a ) ( iii ) shall address each of the servic criteria specifi on a certif to be deliv by such subservic to the servic , the issuer , the depositor and the administr on or prior to the date of such appoint . an assess of complianc provid by a subcontractor pursuant to section 6.7 ( a ) ( iii ) need not address ani element of the servic criteria other than those specifi by the servic and the issuer on the date of such appoint . articl vii servic resign and termination; successor servic section 7.1 no resign . the servic will not resign as servic under thi agreement unless it determin it is legal unabl to perform it oblig under thi agreement . the servic will notifi the issuer , the parent support provid , the owner truste and the indentur truste of it resign as soon as practic after it determin it is requir to resign , togeth with an opinion of counsel support it determin . the issuer will sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 promptli notifi the rate agenc of ani resign of the servic . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement or in ani other transact document , immedi upon the resign of cellco as servic pursuant to thi section 7.1 , cellco , in it individu capac , will be requir to assum the oblig of the servic to acquir receiv as set forth in section 3.4 and 4.7 of the master trust receiv transfer agreement and section 2.5 and 2.6 of thi agreement without further action . section 7.2 servic termin event . ( a ) servic termin event . the follow event will each be a “ servic termin event ” : ( i ) ( x ) the servic fail to deposit , or deliv to the owner truste or the indentur truste for deposit , ani collect requir to be deliv under thi agreement; ( y ) so long as cellco is the servic , the market agent fail to deposit , or to caus the relat origin to deposit , into the collect account ani upgrad payment requir to be deliv under thi agreement , or ( z ) so long as cellco is the servic , the parent support provid fail to make ani payment with respect to the item set forth in claus ( x ) or claus ( y ) abov , to the extent the servic , or the market agent or ani relat origin , respect , fail to do so , and , in each case , which such failur continu for five ( 5 ) busi day after the servic , the market agent or the parent support provid , as applic , receiv written notic of the failur from the owner truste or the indentur truste , or a respons person of the servic , the market agent or the parent support provid , as applic , obtain actual knowledg of the failure; or ( ii ) the servic ( includ in it capac as custodian ) fail to observ or to perform ani oblig under thi agreement , other than as set forth in claus ( i ) or ( iii ) , which failur ha a materi advers effect on the notehold and continu for nineti ( 90 ) day after the servic receiv written notic of the failur from the owner truste , the indentur truste or the notehold of at least a major of the note balanc of the control class; or ( iii ) so long as cellco is the servic , the failur by ( x ) the market agent to make , or to caus the relat origin to make , ( i ) ani payment requir to be paid by the market agent , includ without limit credit payment or ( ii ) payment relat to the acquisit by the market agent or the relat origin of receiv that are subject to certain transfer , but not includ upgrad payment , or ( y ) the parent support provid to make ani payment set forth in claus ( x ) abov , to the extent that the market agent or ani relat origin fail to do so , and in either case , that continu for ten ( 10 ) busi day after the market agent or parent support provid , as applic , receiv written notic of the failur from the owner truste or the indentur truste , or a respons person of the market agent or the parent support provid , as applic , obtain actual knowledg of the failure; or ( iv ) an insolv event of the servic occurs; sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 provid , howev , that a delay or failur of perform refer to in claus ( i ) , ( ii ) or ( iii ) abov for an addit period of sixti ( 60 ) day will not constitut a servic termin event if such delay or failur wa caus by forc majeur or other similar occurr , as further describ in section 6.2 ( d ) . ( b ) notic of servic termin event . the servic will notifi the issuer , the owner truste and the indentur truste of ani servic termin event or ani event that with the give of notic or passag of time , or both , would becom a servic termin event , no later than five ( 5 ) busi day after a respons person of the servic ha receiv written notic of or ha actual knowledg of the event . if a servic termin event occur , the issuer will promptli notifi the rate agenc and the asset represent review . ( c ) remov . if a servic termin event occur and is continu , the indentur truste may and , if direct by the notehold of a major of the note balanc of the control class , must remov the servic and termin it right and oblig under thi agreement by notifi the servic , the issuer , the parent support provid , the owner truste , and the secur parti . the notic of termin will state the date the termin will be effect . on receipt of the notic , the issuer will promptli notifi the rate agenc , and the owner truste will promptli notifi the certificatehold . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement or in ani other transact document , immedi upon the remov of cellco as servic pursuant to thi section 7.2 , cellco , in it individu capac , shall assum the oblig of the servic to acquir receiv as set forth in section 3.4 and 4.7 of the master trust receiv transfer agreement and section 2.5 and 2.6 of thi agreement without further action . ( d ) waiver of servic termin event . the notehold of a major of the note balanc of the control class or , if no note are outstand , the owner truste , at the direct of the class a certificatehold , may direct the indentur truste to waiv a servic termin event , except with respect to a failur to make requir deposit to or payment from ani of the bank account , and the consequ thereof . upon the waiver , the servic termin event will be deem not to have occur . no waiver will extend to ani other servic termin event or impair a right relat to ani other servic termin event . the issuer will promptli notifi the rate agenc of ani waiver . section 7.3 continu to perform . if the servic resign under section 7.1 , it will continu to perform it oblig as servic under thi agreement until the earlier to occur of ( a ) a successor servic accept it engag as servic under section 7.4 or ( b ) the date the servic is legal unabl to act as servic . if the servic is termin under thi agreement , it will continu to perform it oblig as servic under thi agreement until the date state in the notic of termin . if cellco is the resign or remov servic , cellco shall ( x ) remit ani amount due on the receiv that are remit to cellco in error , rather than to the successor servic as set forth in the notic sent to obligor under section 3.13 , and provid the successor servic with ani necessari inform regard the amount remit to the successor servic by cellco and the receiv for which such amount wa remit and ( y ) continu to perform it remitt oblig set forth in section 3.12 ( b ) for as long as ani sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 receiv continu to have a princip balanc or until thi agreement is termin as set forth in section 8.3. section 7.4 successor servic . ( a ) engag of successor servicer; indentur truste to act . ( i ) if the servic resign or is termin under thi agreement , the indentur truste will promptli engag an institut have a net worth of not less than 50,000,000 whose regular busi and oper includ the servic of consum receiv and can accommod the servic of devic payment plan agreement , as the successor to the servic under thi agreement ( the “ successor servic ” ) and successor to the administr under section 3.4 of the administr agreement . ( ii ) if no person ha accept the engag as successor servic when the servic stop perform it oblig , the indentur truste , without further action , will be automat appoint the successor servic to perform the oblig of the servic ( other than ani oblig specif exclud ) until such time as anoth successor servic shall accept engag as successor servic . if the indentur truste becom the successor servic , it ( a ) will do so in it individu capac and not in it capac as indentur truste and , accordingli , articl vi of the indentur will be inapplic to the indentur truste sole in it capac as successor servic and ( b ) may appoint as servic ani one of it affili , but the indentur truste , in it capac as successor servic , will be liabl for the action and omiss of such affili . if the indentur truste is unwil or legal unabl to act as successor servic , it will appoint , or petit a court of compet jurisdict to appoint , an institut have a net worth of not less than 50,000,000 whose regular busi and oper includ the servic of consum receiv and can accommod the servic of devic payment plan agreement , as successor to the servic under thi agreement . the indentur truste will be releas from it oblig as successor servic on the date that a new servic accept it engag as successor servic . ( b ) accept of engag . the successor servic will accept it engag by assum the servic ’ s oblig under thi agreement or enter into an amend to thi agreement or a new servic agreement on substanti the same term as thi agreement , in a form accept to the owner truste and the indentur truste . the successor servic will deliv a copi of the assumpt , amend or new servic agreement to the other parti and the indentur truste . the successor servic ( other than the indentur truste as successor servic ) will accept it engag as administr accord to section 3.5 of the administr agreement . promptli follow a successor servic ’ s accept of it engag , the indentur truste will notifi the issuer , the owner truste and the secur parti of the engag . on receipt of a notic of engag , the issuer will promptli notifi the rate agenc and the asset represent review , and the owner truste will promptli notifi the certificatehold . ani successor servic will agre to provid to cellco ani inform relat to payment receiv from obligor ( includ ani payment receiv on a receiv that wa the subject of an upgrad for which none of the market agent , the relat origin or the parent support provid deposit a requir upgrad payment ) , sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 delinqu in payment by obligor , ani written-off receiv and ani other inform relat to the obligor and the receiv requir by cellco to servic the account of which ani receiv are a part , includ , but not limit to , grant and appli credit to ani account for which none of the market agent , the relat origin or the parent support provid remit an upgrad payment , as set forth in section 3.12 ( b ) . ani successor servic will agre to be bound by the term and condit of the legal , regulatori , privaci and data protect polici set forth in exhibit a attach hereto to the extent such successor servic receiv inform from cellco or ani of it affili relat to the receiv . for the avoid of doubt , no successor servic will be requir to assum or undertak the oblig of cellco , as servic , under section 3.4 and 4.7 of the master trust receiv transfer agreement or section 2.5 and 2.6 of thi agreement . no successor servic shall have ani liabil for the act or omiss of ani predecessor servic . ( c ) compens of successor servic . the indentur truste may make arrang for the compens of the successor servic out of collect as it and the successor servic may agre . in addit to the servic fee , on the date of it appoint as successor servic , such successor servic will receiv a fee of 150,000 payabl pursuant to section 8.2 ( c ) or 8.2 ( e ) of the indentur , as applic , and thereaft , will be entitl to the addit successor servic fee , which will be paid in accord with the prioriti set forth in section 8.2 ( c ) or 8.2 ( e ) of the indentur , as applic . ( d ) transfer of author . on the effect date of the servic ’ s resign or termin or the later date that the servic stop perform it oblig , and sole to the extent the successor servic is an entiti other than the indentur truste , all right and oblig of the servic under thi agreement and of the administr under the administr agreement will becom the right and oblig of the successor servic , includ as successor administr . for the avoid of doubt , ( x ) the resign or remov of cellco as servic will not result in the termin of cellco ’ s duti as market agent and ( y ) if the indentur truste is the successor servic , cellco will continu to act as administr under the administr agreement , to the extent it is abl to continu to perform thereund pursuant to the term of the administr agreement . ( e ) author of issuer and indentur truste . the issuer and the indentur truste are author to execut and deliv , on behalf of the servic , as attorney-in-fact or otherwis , all document , and to do all other act or thing necessari or advis to effect the termin and replac of the servic . section 7.5 transit of servic . ( a ) cooper on termin . on it resign or termin , the servic will cooper with the issuer , the owner truste , the indentur truste and the successor servic in effect ( i ) the termin of it right and oblig under thi agreement and ( ii ) an orderli transit of such right and oblig to the successor servic . ( b ) transfer of cash , receiv file and record . as soon as practic after the effect date of it resign or termin , the predecessor servic will ( i ) transfer to the successor servic all fund relat to the receiv that are held or later receiv by the sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 predecessor servic and ( ii ) deliv to the successor servic the receiv file and the account and record maintain by the servic . the servic will not be oblig to provid , licens or assign it process , procedur , model , servic softwar or other applic to ani successor servic or ani third parti , or provid anyth cover by a restrict on transfer or assign or a confidenti agreement or otherwis restrict by legal , regulatori , privaci or data protect polici . ( c ) expens of servic transit . all reason expens incur by the issuer , the owner truste , the indentur truste and the successor servic in connect with ( i ) the transit of servic right and oblig to the successor servic and ( ii ) amend thi agreement or enter into an assumpt agreement or new agreement to reflect a success of the servic will be paid by the resign or termin servic on receipt of an invoic in reason detail . section 7.6 merger , consolid , success or assign . ani person ( a ) into which the servic is merg or consolid , ( b ) result from a merger or consolid to which the servic is a parti , ( c ) succeed to the servic ’ s busi or ( d ) that is an affili of the servic to whom the servic ha assign thi agreement , will be the successor to the servic under thi agreement . within fifteen ( 15 ) busi day after the merger , consolid , success or assign , such person will ( i ) execut an agreement to assum the servic ’ s oblig under thi agreement and each transact document to which the servic is a parti ( unless the assumpt happen by oper of law ) , ( ii ) deliv to the issuer , the owner truste and the indentur truste an offic ’ s certif and an opinion of counsel each state that the merger , consolid , success or assign and the assumpt agreement compli with thi section 7.6 and ( iii ) notifi the rate agenc of the merger , consolid , success or assign . articl viii termin section 8.1 option acquisit of receivables; clean-up redempt of note . ( a ) option acquisit . on each payment date follow the last day of a collect period as of which the aggreg princip balanc of the receiv shall be equal to or less than 10 of the aggreg princip balanc of the receiv as of the close date , the class a certificatehold ( for as long as the class a certificatehold is an origin or an affili of the origin ) , with the consent of the administr , on behalf of the issuer , shall have the option to acquir , as of the end of the immedi preced collect period , ani receiv remain in the trust properti on such date by transfer to the issuer an amount equal to the option acquisit amount ( the “ option acquisit ” ) , and to redeem the note , in whole but not in part ( the “ clean-up redempt ” ) without ani make-whol payment ( other than ani make-whol payment alreadi due and payabl on such date ) . ( b ) exercis of option acquisit and clean-up redempt of note . the class a certificatehold may exercis it option set forth in section 8.1 ( a ) by notifi the issuer , the servic , the indentur truste , the owner truste and the rate agenc , in write , at least ten ( 10 ) day befor the payment date on which the option acquisit is to be exercis , sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 after receiv such notic , the indentur truste will promptli notifi the notehold of the result clean-up redempt and provid instruct for surrend of the note for final payment includ all accru and unpaid interest and ani applic make-whol payment alreadi due and payabl on the note , as set forth in section 10.1 ( a ) of the indentur . on the payment date relat to the collect period in which the option acquisit is exercis , the class a certificatehold will deposit into the collect account the acquisit amount for such remain receiv as set forth in section 8.1 ( a ) equal to the fair market valu of such receiv as of the last day of the collect period immedi preced such payment date as agre upon by the class a certificatehold and the issuer ( the “ option acquisit amount ” ) ; provid that the transfer may onli occur if the option acquisit amount , togeth with ani amount on deposit in the bank account , is greater than or equal to the sum of ( a ) the note balanc of the note , ani accru but unpaid interest and ani unpaid make-whol payment and ( b ) all other amount payabl by the issuer under the transact document includ , but not limit to , all fee , expens and indemn owe to the indentur truste and the owner truste under the transact document as of such date . for the avoid of doubt , if the class a certificatehold and the issuer can not agre on the option acquisit amount , the class a certificatehold will not be permit to exercis it option set forth in section 8.1 ( a ) . on the payment date on which the option acquisit is to be exercis , the indentur truste shall transfer ani amount on deposit in the reserv account , the acquisit account and the neg carri account into the collect account . upon the exercis of the option acquisit , the note will be redeem and paid in full . section 8.2 option redempt of note . ( a ) option redempt . on ani payment date on and after the payment date in februari 2021 , the class a certificatehold ( for as long as the class a certificatehold is an origin or an affili of the origin ) , with the consent of the administr , on behalf of the issuer , shall have the option to redeem the note , in whole but not in part ( the “ option redempt ” ) , with a requir make-whol payment . ( b ) exercis of option redempt . the class a certificatehold may exercis it option set forth in section 8.2 ( a ) by notifi the issuer , the servic , the indentur truste , the owner truste and the rate agenc , in write , at least ten ( 10 ) day befor the payment date on which the option redempt is to be exercis . after receiv such notic , the indentur truste will promptli notifi the notehold of the option redempt and provid instruct for surrend of the note for final payment includ all accru and unpaid interest and ani applic make-whol payment due and payabl on the note , as set forth in section 10.1 ( a ) of the indentur . on the payment date on which the option redempt is to be exercis , the issuer shall transfer the entir pool of receiv to anoth verizon special purpos entiti or a third-parti purchas and the parti receiv the receiv shall caus the acquisit amount receiv by the issuer for the receiv to be deposit by the issuer ( or the servic , on it behalf ) into the collect account , which amount shall be equal to the fair market valu of such receiv as of the last day of the collect period immedi preced such payment date as agre upon by the class a certificatehold and the issuer; provid that the transfer sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 may onli occur if the amount receiv in connect with ani such transfer , togeth with ani amount on deposit in the bank account , is greater than or equal to the sum of ( a ) the note balanc of the note , ani accru but unpaid interest and ani unpaid make-whol payment and ( b ) all other amount payabl by the issuer under the transact document includ , but not limit to , all fee , expens and indemn owe to the indentur truste and the owner truste under the transact document as of such date . on the payment date on which the option redempt is to be exercis , the indentur truste shall transfer ani amount on deposit in the reserv account , the acquisit account and the neg carri account into the collect account . upon the exercis of the option redempt , the note will be redeem and paid in full . section 8.3 termin . thi agreement will termin on the earlier to occur of ( a ) the date upon which the last remain receiv is paid in full , settl , sold or written off and ani amount receiv are appli and ( b ) the issuer is termin under section 8.1 of the trust agreement . articl ix other agreement section 9.1 financ statement . ( a ) file of financ statement . the depositor will file financ and continu statement , and amend to the statement , in the jurisdict and with the file offic necessari to perfect the issuer ’ s interest in the depositor transfer properti . the depositor will promptli deliv to the issuer and the indentur truste file-stamp copi of , or file receipt for , ani financ statement , continu statement and amend to a previous file financ statement . ( b ) issuer and indentur truste author to file financ statement . the depositor author the issuer and the indentur truste ( but the indentur truste will not be requir to do so ) to file financ and continu statement , and amend to the statement , in the jurisdict and with the file offic as the issuer or the indentur truste may determin are necessari or advis to perfect the issuer ’ s interest in the depositor transfer properti . the financ and continu statement may describ the depositor transfer properti as the issuer or the indentur truste may reason determin to perfect the issuer ’ s interest in the depositor transfer properti . the issuer or the indentur truste ( with respect to the indentur truste , sole to the extent it ha elect to make such file ) will promptli deliv to the depositor file-stamp copi of , or file receipt for , ani financ statement , continu statement and amend to a previous file financ statement . the permiss right of the indentur truste to file ani financ statement shall not be constru as a duti or oblig . ( c ) reloc of depositor . the depositor will notifi the owner truste and the indentur truste at least ten ( 10 ) day befor a reloc of it chief execut offic or chang in it corpor structur , form of organ or jurisdict of organ if it could requir the file of a new financ statement or an amend to a previous file financ statement under section 9-307 of the ucc . if requir , the depositor will promptli file new sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 financ statement or amend to all previous file financ statement . the depositor will maintain it chief execut offic within the unit state and will maintain it jurisdict of organ in onli one state . ( d ) chang of depositor ’ s name . the depositor will notifi the owner truste and the indentur truste at least ten ( 10 ) day befor ani chang in the depositor ’ s name that could make a financ statement file under thi section 9.1 serious mislead under section 9-506 of the ucc . if requir , the depositor will promptli file amend to all previous file financ statement . section 9.2 no transfer or lien by depositor . except for the transfer and assign under thi agreement , the depositor will not transfer or assign ani depositor transfer properti to anoth person or grant or allow a lien , other than a permit lien , on an interest in ani depositor transfer properti . the depositor will defend the issuer ’ s interest in the depositor transfer properti against claim of third parti claim through the depositor . section 9.3 expens . the depositor will pay the expens to perform it oblig under thi agreement and the issuer ’ s and the indentur truste ’ s reason expens to perfect the issuer ’ s interest in the depositor transfer properti and to enforc the depositor ’ s oblig under thi agreement . section 9.4 receiv inform . ( a ) servic ’ s receiv system . on and after the close date or acquisit date , as applic , until a receiv ha been paid in full , acquir or sold to a third parti under section 3.4 , the servic will mark it receiv system to indic clearli that the receiv is own by the issuer and ha been pledg to the indentur truste under the indentur . ( b ) list of receiv . if request by the owner truste or the indentur truste , the servic will furnish a list of receiv ( by loan number ) to the owner truste and the indentur truste . section 9.5 no petit . the parti agre that , befor the date that is one year and one day ( or , if longer , ani applic prefer period ) after the payment in full of ( a ) all secur issu by the depositor or by a trust for which the depositor wa a depositor or ( b ) the note , it will not start or pursu against , or join ani other person in start or pursu against , ( i ) the depositor or ( ii ) the issuer , respect , ani bankruptci , reorgan , arrang , insolv or liquid proceed or other proceed under ani bankruptci or similar law . thi section 9.5 will surviv the termin of thi agreement . section 9.6 limit recours . each parti agre that ani claim that it may seek to enforc against the depositor or the issuer under thi agreement is limit to the depositor transfer properti onli and is not a claim against the depositor ’ s or the issuer ’ s asset as a whole or against asset other than the depositor transfer properti . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 section 9.7 limit of liabil . ( a ) owner truste . thi agreement ha been sign on behalf of the issuer by wilmington trust , nation associ not in it individu capac but sole in it capac as owner truste of the issuer . in no event will wilmington trust , nation associ in it individu capac or as a benefici owner of the issuer be liabl for the represent , warranti , coven , agreement or other oblig of the issuer under thi agreement . for all purpos under thi agreement , the owner truste is subject to , and entitl to the benefit of , the trust agreement . neither the issuer nor the owner truste will have ani liabil for ani act or failur to act of the servic , includ ani action taken under a power of attorney given under thi agreement . ( b ) indentur truste . thi agreement ha been sign by u.s. bank nation associ not in it individu capac but sole in it capac as indentur truste . in perform it oblig under thi agreement , the indentur truste is subject to , and entitl to the benefit of , the indentur . the indentur truste will not have ani liabil for ani act or failur to act of the servic , the custodian , the market agent , the issuer or ani other person . section 9.8 tax treatment of note . each of the depositor and the servic agre to treat the note as indebted for u.s. feder , state and local incom and franchis tax purpos . section 9.9 regul rr risk retent . cellco , as sponsor , agre that ( i ) each of the sponsor , the master trust , each origin and the nomine of the origin is under the common control of verizon and therefor , the nomine of the origin ( which nomine is also the sole equityhold of the master trust ) is a “ majority-own affili ” of the sponsor as defin in the u.s. credit risk retent rule , ( ii ) the sponsor will caus the nomine of the origin to , and the nomine of the origin will , retain the residu interest on the close date and ( iii ) the sponsor will not , and will not permit the master trust , the origin or the nomine of the origin to , sell , transfer , financ or hedg the residu interest except as permit by the u.s. credit risk retent rule . section 9.10 cap collater account . if the cap counterparti is requir to post collater under the term of the cap agreement , upon written direct and notif of such requir , the servic shall establish a segreg account ( the “ cap collater account ” ) at a qualifi institut that ( i ) is not affili with the cap counterparti and ( ii ) ha total asset of at least 10,000,000,000 ( the “ cap custodian ” ) , titl as an account of the cap counterparti as depositor and entitl holder . in the event that the cap custodian no longer satisfi the requir set forth in the immedi preced sentenc , the issuer , the servic and the cap counterparti shall use their reason best effort to move the cap collater account and ani collater post therein to anoth financi institut satisfi the requir set forth in the immedi preced sentenc within sixti ( 60 ) calendar day . the cap collater account shall be subject to a tri-parti account control agreement to be enter into among the cap counterparti , the issuer and the cap custodian ( the “ control agreement ” ) . the control agreement shall provid , among other customari matter , that ( x ) the cap counterparti shall be entitl to origin entitl order and instruct , and receiv interest and distribut , with respect to the cap collater account so long as the issuer ha not deliv a notic to the sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 cap custodian and the cap counterparti to the effect that the issuer shall have exclus control over the cap collater account , ( y ) follow deliveri of such notic of exclus control the cap custodian shall compli with instruct and entitl order origin by the issuer without further consent by the cap counterparti , and ( z ) the control agreement shall termin on the fifth busi day follow deliveri of a notic from the cap counterparti to the cap custodian and the issuer that the cap counterparti ha design an “ earli termin date ” ( as defin in the cap agreement ) in respect of all “ transact ” ( as defin in the cap agreement ) for the reason that the issuer is the “ default parti ” ( as defin in the cap agreement ) or the sole “ affect parti ” ( as defin in the cap agreement ) with respect to a “ termin event ” ( as defin in the cap agreement ) , unless such notic is contest by the issuer within such period of five ( 5 ) busi day . the issuer agre that it shall not assert exclus control over , or origin entitl order or instruct for the disposit of fund with respect to , the cap collater account unless the condit for the exercis of it right and remedi pursuant to the cap agreement are met and such assert of exclus control or origin of instruct or entitl order is for the purpos of exercis such right and remedi . the onli permit withdraw from or applic of fund on deposit in , or otherwis to the credit of , the cap collater account shall be ( i ) for applic to oblig of the cap counterparti to the issuer under the cap agreement in accord with the term of the cap agreement or ( ii ) to return collater to the cap counterparti when and as requir by the cap agreement or applic law . invest earn on the cap collater account , if ani , will be distribut to the cap counterparti . articl x miscellan section 10.1 amend . ( a ) amend to clarifi and correct error and defect . the parti may amend thi agreement ( includ appendix a ) to clarifi an ambigu , correct an error or correct or supplement ani term of thi agreement that may be defect or inconsist with the other term of thi agreement , or to make benchmark replac conform chang , in each case , without the consent of the notehold , the certificatehold or ani other person . the parti may amend ani term or provis of thi agreement ( includ appendix a ) from time to time for the purpos of conform the term of thi agreement ( includ appendix a ) to the descript thereof in the prospectu , without the consent of notehold , the certificatehold or ani other person . the administr may amend ani term or provis of thi agreement ( includ appendix a ) from time to time for the purpos of make benchmark replac conform chang , without the consent of notehold , the certificatehold , ani parti to thi agreement or ani other person . notic of the occurr of a benchmark transit event and it relat benchmark replac date , the determin of a benchmark replac and the make of ani benchmark replac conform chang will be deliv in write by the administr to the issuer , the owner truste , a respons person of the indentur truste , the parent support provid , the sponsor , the depositor and the servic and includ in the monthli investor report . notwithstand anyth in the transact document to the contrari , upon the deliveri of notic to a respons person of the indentur truste and the inclus of such inform in the monthli investor report , the relev transact document will be deem to have been amend to reflect the new unadjust sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 benchmark replac , benchmark replac adjust and/or benchmark replac conform chang without further complianc with the amend provis of the relev transact document . ( b ) other amend . other than as set forth in section 10.1 ( c ) , the parti may amend thi agreement ( includ appendix a ) to add ani provis to , or chang in ani manner or elimin ani provis of , thi agreement or for the purpos of modifi in ani manner the right of the notehold under thi agreement , with the consent of the certificatehold , either ( 1 ) without the consent of the notehold if ( x ) the issuer or the administr deliv an offic ’ s certif to the indentur truste and the owner truste state that the amend will not have a materi advers effect on the notehold , or ( y ) the rate agenc condit is satisfi with respect to such amend or ( 2 ) if the interest of the notehold are materi and advers affect , with the consent of the holder of a major of the note balanc of the control class . ( c ) amend requir consent of all affect notehold and certificatehold . no amend to thi agreement ( includ appendix a ) may , without the consent of all advers affect notehold and certificatehold , ( i ) chang the applic final matur date on a note or chang the princip amount of or interest rate or make-whol payment on a note; ( ii ) modifi the percentag of the note balanc of the note or the control class requir for ani action; ( iii ) modifi or alter the definit of “ outstand , ” “ control class ” or “ amort event ” , or ( iv ) chang the requir reserv amount , the requir acquisit deposit amount or the requir neg carri amount . ( d ) consent of indentur truste and owner truste . the consent of the indentur truste will be requir for ani amend under section 10.1 ( b ) or ( c ) that ha a materi advers effect on the right , oblig , immun or indemn of the indentur truste . the consent of the owner truste will be requir for ani amend under section 10.1 ( b ) or ( c ) that ha a materi advers effect on the right , oblig , immun or indemn of the owner truste , which consent will not be unreason withheld . ( e ) opinion of counsel . befor execut ani amend to thi agreement , the owner truste and the indentur truste shall be entitl to receiv and conclus reli upon , and the depositor will deliv , an opinion of counsel state that the execut of the amend is permit by thi agreement and all condit preced thereto have been satisfi . ( f ) notic of amend . promptli after the execut of an amend , the depositor will deliv , or will caus the administr to deliv , a copi of the amend to the indentur truste and the rate agenc , and the indentur truste will notifi the notehold of the substanc of the amend . ( g ) notehold consent . for ani amend to thi agreement ( or appendix a ) requir the consent of ani notehold , the indentur truste will , when direct by issuer order , notifi the notehold to request consent and follow it reason procedur to obtain consent . it shall not be necessari for the consent of the notehold to approv the particular form of ani propos amend or consent , but it shall be suffici if such consent shall sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 approv the substanc thereof . for the avoid of doubt , ani notehold consent to ani amend shall be deem to agre that such amend doe not have a materi advers effect on such notehold . section 10.2 assignment; benefit of agreement; third-parti beneficiari . ( a ) assign . except as state in section 5.3 , 7.4 and 7.6 , thi agreement may not be assign by the depositor or the servic without the consent of the owner truste , the indentur truste , the certificatehold and the notehold of at least 66-2/3 of the note balanc of the control class . ( b ) benefit of agreement; third-parti beneficiari . thi agreement is for the benefit of and will be bind on the parti and their permit successor and assign . the owner truste and the indentur truste , for the benefit of the secur parti , will be third-parti beneficiari of thi agreement and may enforc thi agreement against the depositor and the servic . no other person will have ani right or oblig under thi agreement . section 10.3 notic . ( a ) notic to parti . all notic , request , direct , consent , waiver or other commun to or from the parti must be in write and will be consid receiv by the recipi : ( i ) for person deliv , express or certifi mail or courier , when received; ( ii ) for a fax , when receipt is confirm by telephon , repli email or repli fax from the recipient; ( iii ) for an email , when receipt is confirm by telephon or repli email from the recipient; and ( iv ) for an electron post to a password-protect websit to which the recipi ha access , on deliveri of an email ( without the requir of confirm of receipt ) state that the electron post ha been made . ( b ) notic address . a notic , request , direct , consent , waiver or other commun must be address to the recipi at it address state in schedul b , which address the parti may chang at ani time by notifi the other parti . ( c ) notic to notehold . notic to a notehold will be consid receiv by the notehold : ( i ) for definit note , for overnight mail , on deliveri or , for regist first class mail , postag prepaid , three ( 3 ) day after deposit in the mail properli address to the notehold at it address in the note register; or sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( ii ) for book-entri note , when deliv under the procedur of the clear agenc , whether or not the notehold actual receiv the notic . section 10.4 agent for servic . ( a ) depositor . the agent for servic of the depositor for thi agreement will be the person hold the offic of secretari of the depositor at the follow address : verizon ab llc one verizon way bask ridg , new jersey 07920 ( b ) servic . the agent for servic of the servic for thi agreement will be the person hold the offic of secretari of the servic at the follow address : cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless one verizon way bask ridg , new jersey 07920 ( c ) market agent . the agent for servic of the market agent for thi agreement will be the person hold the offic of secretari of the market agent at the follow address : cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless one verizon way bask ridg , new jersey 07920 section 10.5 govern law . thi agreement , includ the right and duti of the parti hereto , shall be govern by , and constru in accord with , the intern law of the state of new york ( includ section 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the gener oblig law of the state of new york , but without regard to ani otherwis applic conflict of law principl ) . for purpos of the ucc , new york shall be deem to be the secur intermediari ’ s jurisdict , and the law of the state of new york shall govern all issu specifi in articl 2 ( 1 ) of the hagu secur convent . notwithstand section 10.1 of thi agreement , the parti will not agre to amend thi agreement to chang the govern law to ani law other than the law of the state of new york . section 10.6 submiss to jurisdict . each parti submit to the nonexclus jurisdict of the unit state district court for the southern district of new york and of ani new york state court sit in new york , new york for legal proceed relat to thi agreement . each parti irrevoc waiv , to the fullest extent permit by law , ani object that it may now or in the futur have to the venu of a proceed brought in such a court and ani claim that the proceed wa brought in an inconveni forum . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 section 10.7 waiver of juri trial . to the extent permit by applic law , each parti hereto irrevoc waiv all right of trial by juri in ani action , proceed or counterclaim aris out of , or in connect with , thi agreement or ani matter aris thereund whether sound in contract , tort or otherwis . section 10.8 no waiver; remedi . no parti ’ s failur or delay in exercis a power , right or remedi under thi agreement will oper as a waiver . no singl or partial exercis of a power , right or remedi will preclud ani other or further exercis of the power , right or remedi or the exercis of ani other power , right or remedi . the power , right and remedi under thi agreement are in addit to ani power , right and remedi under law . section 10.9 sever . if a part of thi agreement is held invalid , illeg or unenforc , then it will be deem sever from the remain agreement and will not affect the valid , legal or enforc of the remain agreement . section 10.10 head . the head in thi agreement are includ for conveni and will not affect the mean or interpret of thi agreement . section 10.11 counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in multipl counterpart . each counterpart will be an origin and all counterpart will togeth be one document . section 10.12 limit of right of the cap counterparti . all of the right of the cap counterparti in , to and under thi agreement or ani other transact document , other than the cap agreement ( includ , but not limit to , the cap counterparti ’ s right to receiv notic of ani action hereund or under ani other transact document and to give or withhold consent to ani action hereund or under ani other transact document ) , shall termin upon the termin of the cap agreement in accord with the term thereof . section 10.13 intent of the parties; reason . the depositor , the servic and the issuer acknowledg and agre that the purpos of section 6.6 and 6.7 of thi agreement is to facilit complianc by the issuer and the depositor with the provis of regul ab and relat rule and regul of the commiss . none of the depositor , the administr nor the issuer shall exercis it right to request deliveri of inform or other perform under these provis other than in good faith , or for purpos other than complianc with the secur act , the exchang act and the rule and regul of the commiss thereund . the servic acknowledg that interpret of the requir of regul ab may chang over time , whether due to interpret guidanc provid by the commiss or it staff , consensu among particip in the asset-back secur market , advic of counsel , or otherwis , and agre to compli with request made by the issuer or the administr in good faith for deliveri of inform under these provis on the basi of evolv interpret of regul ab . in connect with thi transact , the servic shall cooper fulli with the administr and the issuer to deliv to the administr or issuer , as applic ( includ ani of it assigne or designe ) , ani and all statement , report , certif , record and ani other inform necessari in the good faith determin of the issuer or the administr to permit the issuer or administr ( act on behalf of the issuer ) to compli with the provis of regul ab , togeth with such disclosur relat to the servic , ani subservic and sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 the receiv , or the servic of the receiv , reason believ by the issuer or the administr to be necessari in order to effect such complianc . articl xi asset represent review; disput resolut section 11.1 asset represent review . ( a ) upon the occurr of a delinqu trigger with respect to ani collect period , the servic will promptli send to the administr , the indentur truste and each notehold ( and to each applic clear agenc for distribut to note owner in accord with the rule of such clear agenc ) as of the most recent record date a notic describ ( i ) the occurr of the delinqu trigger , and includ reason detail calcul thereof , and ( ii ) the right of the notehold and note owner regard an asset represent review ( includ a descript of the method by which notehold and note owner may contact the indentur truste in order to request a notehold vote in respect of an asset represent review ) . in connect with the forego , upon request from the servic , the indentur truste shall provid a list of the notehold of record as of the most recent record date . the notic provid under thi section 11.1 ( a ) and the relat 10-d that is file are the onli notic that will be provid to notehold concern whether the delinqu trigger ha occur . ( b ) if the indentur truste notifi the servic pursuant to 14.2 of the indentur that suffici notehold have vote within the requir time to initi an asset represent review of all 60-day delinqu receiv by the asset represent review pursuant to the asset represent review agreement , then the servic shall : ( i ) promptli notifi the asset represent review and the indentur truste of the number of 60-day delinqu receivables; ( ii ) within sixti ( 60 ) day after receipt by the servic of that notic from the indentur truste , render reason assist , includ grant access to copi of ani underli document and receiv file and all other relev document , to the asset represent review to facilit the perform of a review of all 60-day delinqu receiv , pursuant to section 3.3 ( a ) of the asset represent review agreement , in order to verifi complianc with the represent and warranti made to the issuer by the depositor; provid , that the servic shall use it best effort to redact ani materi provid to the asset represent review in order to remov ani person identifi inform without chang the mean or use of the review materials; and ( iii ) provid such other reason assist to the asset represent review as it request in order to facilit it asset represent review of the 60-day delinqu receiv pursuant to the asset represent review agreement . section 11.2 disput resolut . sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( a ) if ( i ) the issuer or the indentur truste ( act on behalf of the notehold ) or ( ii ) ani notehold or verifi note owner request , by written notic to ( x ) the indentur truste ( which will be forward to the relat origin or the servic as applic ) or ( y ) the relat origin or the servic ( in the case of receiv transfer by the master trust ) ( ani such parti make a request , the “ request parti ” ) , that a receiv be reacquir or acquir due to an alleg breach of the elig represent with respect to that receiv as set forth in section 3.3 of the origin receiv transfer agreement or section 3.3 of the master trust receiv transfer agreement , respect , and the request ha not been fulfil or otherwis resolv to the reason satisfact of the request parti within one-hundr eighti ( 180 ) day of the receipt of such request by the relat origin or the servic ( in the case of receiv transfer by the master trust ) , then the request parti will have the right to refer the matter , at it discret , to either mediat ( includ non-bind arbitr ) or third-parti bind arbitr pursuant to thi section 11.2. disput resolut to resolv reacquisit or acquisit request will be avail regardless of whether notehold and note owner vote to direct an asset represent review or whether the delinqu trigger occur . the depositor will provid written direct to the indentur truste instruct it to notifi the request parti ( directli if the request parti is a notehold and through the applic clear agenc for distribut to such request parti , if the request parti is a note owner , in accord with the rule of such clear agenc ) no later than five ( 5 ) busi day after the end of the 180-day period of the date when the 180-day period end without resolut by the appropri parti , which written direct will specifi the ident of the request parti and the date as of which that 180-day period shall have ended; provid , that the indentur truste shall have no other oblig whatsoev to particip in ani disput resolut , mediat or arbitr to determin if a reacquisit or acquisit request ha been resolv within the applic 180-day period . the request parti must provid notic of it intent to refer the matter to mediat , to refer the matter to arbitr , or to institut a legal proceed , to the depositor within thirti ( 30 ) day after the deliveri of notic of the end of the 180-day period . the depositor will particip in the resolut method select by the request parti . for the avoid of doubt , the owner truste shall have no oblig whatsoev to particip in ani disput resolut , mediat or arbitr to determin if a reacquisit or acquisit request ha been resolv within the applic 180-day period . for the avoid of doubt , if the indentur truste doe not agre to pursu or otherwis be involv in resolv ani reacquisit or acquisit request or disput resolut proceed , the relat notehold or verifi note owner may independ pursu disput resolut in respect of such reacquisit or acquisit . if the indentur truste bring a disput resolut action base on notehold direct to do so , the “ request parti ” shall be deem to be the request note owner ( or the parti to the arbitr ) for purpos of the disput resolut proceed , includ alloc of fee and expens . the indentur truste shall not be liabl for ani cost , expens and/or liabil alloc to a request parti as part of the disput resolut proceed . further , the indentur truste shall be under no oblig under thi agreement , ani other transact document or otherwis to monitor reacquisit or acquisit activ or to independ determin which reacquisit or acquisit request remain unresolv after one-hundr eighti ( 180 ) day . ( b ) if the request parti select mediat ( includ non-bind arbitr ) as the resolut method , the follow provis will appli : sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( i ) the mediat will be administ by jam pursuant to it mediat procedur in effect on the date the arbitr is file . ( ii ) the mediat will be imparti , knowledg about and experienc with the law of the state of new york and an attorney special in commerci litig with at least 15 year of experi and who will be appoint from a list of neutral maintain by jam . upon be suppli a list of at least 10 potenti mediat by jam each parti will have the right to exercis two peremptori challeng within fourteen ( 14 ) day and to rank the remain potenti mediat in order of prefer jam will select the mediat from the remain attorney on the list respect the prefer choic of the parti to the extent possibl . ( iii ) the parti will use commerci reason effort to begin the mediat within thirti ( 30 ) day of the select of the mediat and to conclud the mediat within sixti ( 60 ) day of the start of the mediat . ( iv ) the fee and expens of the mediat will be alloc as mutual agre by the parti as part of the mediat . ( c ) if the request parti select bind arbitr as the resolut method , the follow provis will appli : ( i ) the arbitr will be administ by the aaa pursuant it arbitr rule in effect on the date the arbitr is file . ( ii ) the arbitr panel will consist of three member , ( i ) one to be appoint by the request parti within five ( 5 ) busi day of provid notic to the depositor of it select of arbitr , ( ii ) one to be appoint by the depositor within five ( 5 ) busi day of that appoint and ( iii ) the third , who will presid over the panel , to be chosen by the two party-appoint arbitr within five ( 5 ) busi day of the second appoint . if ani parti fail to appoint an arbitr or the two party-appoint arbitr fail to appoint the third within the state time period , then the appoint will be made by aaa pursuant to the arbitr rule . in each such case , each arbitr will be imparti , knowledg about and experienc with the law of the state of new york and an attorney special in commerci litig with at least 15 year of experi . ( iii ) each arbitr will be independ and will abid by the code of ethic for arbitr in commerci disput in effect as of the date of thi agreement . prior to accept an appoint , each arbitr must promptli disclos ani circumst like to creat a reason infer of bia or conflict of interest or like to preclud complet of the hear within the prescrib time schedul . ani arbitr may be remov by aaa for caus consist of actual bia , conflict of interest or other seriou potenti for conflict . ( iv ) after consult with the parti , the arbitr panel will devis procedur and deadlin for the arbitr , to the extent not alreadi agre to by the parti , with the goal of expedit the proceed and complet the arbitr within nineti ( 90 ) sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 day after appoint . the arbitr panel will have the author to schedul , hear , and determin ani and all motion , includ disposit and discoveri motion , in accord with then-prevail new york law ( includ prehear and post hear motion ) , and will do so on the motion of ani parti to the arbitr . ( v ) notwithstand whatev other discoveri may be avail under the rule , unless otherwis agre by the parti , each parti to the arbitr will be presumpt limit to the follow discoveri in the arbitr : ( a ) four wit deposit not to exceed five hour , and ( b ) one set of interrog , document request , and request for admissions; provid that the arbitr panel will have the abil to grant the parti , or either of them , addit discoveri to the extent that the arbitr panel determin good caus is shown that such addit discoveri is reason and necessari . ( vi ) the arbitr panel will make it final determin no later than nineti ( 90 ) day after appoint . the arbitr panel will resolv the disput in accord with the term of thi agreement , and may not modifi or chang thi agreement in ani way . the arbitr panel will not have the power to award punit damag or consequenti damag in ani arbitr conduct by them . in it final determin , the arbitr panel will determin and award the cost of the arbitr ( includ the fee of the arbitr panel , cost of ani record or transcript of the arbitr , and administr fee ) and reason attorney ’ fee to the parti as determin by the arbitr panel in it reason discret . the determin in ani bind arbitr of the arbitr panel will be in write and counterpart copi will be promptli deliv to the parti . the determin will be final and non-appeal and may be enforc in ani court of compet jurisdict . ( vii ) by select bind arbitr , the select parti is give up the right to sue in court , includ the right to a trial by juri . ( viii ) no person may bring class or collect claim in arbitr even if the arbitr rule would allow them . notwithstand anyth herein to the contrari , the arbitr panel may award money or injunct relief in favor of the individu parti seek relief and onli to the extent necessari to provid relief warrant by that parti ’ s individu claim . ( d ) the follow provis will appli to both mediat and arbitr : ( i ) ani mediat or arbitr will be held in new york , new york; and ( ii ) the detail and/or exist of ani unfulfil reacquisit or acquisit request , ani inform meet , mediat or arbitr proceed conduct under thi section 11.2 , includ all offer , promis , conduct and statement , whether oral or written , made in the cours of the parti ’ attempt to inform resolv an unfulfil reacquisit or acquisit request , and ani discoveri taken in connect with ani arbitr , will be confidenti , privileg and inadmiss for ani purpos , includ impeach , in ani mediat , arbitr or litig , or other proceed ( includ sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ani proceed under thi section 11.2 ) . thi inform will be kept strictli confidenti and will not be disclos or discuss with ani third parti ( exclud a parti ’ s attorney , expert , account and other agent and repres , as reason requir in connect with ani resolut procedur under thi section 11.2 ) , except as otherwis requir by law , regulatori requir or court order . if ani parti to a resolut procedur receiv a subpoena or other request for inform from a third parti ( other than a government regulatori bodi ) for such confidenti inform , the recipi will promptli notifi the other parti to the resolut procedur and will provid the other parti with the opportun to object to the product of it confidenti inform . [ remaind of page left blank ] sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 in wit whereof , the undersign ha caus thi agreement to be execut by it duli author offic as of the date and year first abov written . verizon ab llc , as depositor by : name : titl : verizon owner trust 2020-a , as issuer by : wilmington trust , nation associ , not in it individu capac but sole as owner truste of verizon owner trust 2020-a by : name : titl : cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless , as servic , market agent and custodian by : name : titl : sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 agre and accept by : u.s. bank nation associ , not in it individu capac but sole as indentur truste by : name : titl : sole with respect to section 4.1 ( f ) : u.s. bank nation associ , not in it individu capac but sole as secur intermediari by : name : titl : wilmington trust , nation associ , not in it individu capac but sole as owner truste by : name : titl : cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless , sole with respect to the oblig set forth in section 7.1 , in it individu capac by : name : titl : sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless , as sponsor , sole with respect to the oblig set forth in section 3.5 ( a ) ( ii ) and section 9.9 by : name : titl : sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 schedul a schedul of initi receiv deliv electron to indentur truste at close sa-1 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 schedul b notic address 1. if to cellco , in it individu capac or as servic , market agent , custodian or administr : cellco partnership one verizon way bask ridg , new jersey 07920 attent : assist treasur telephon : 908-559-5870 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 2. if to the depositor : verizon ab llc one verizon way bask ridg , new jersey 07920 attent : chief financi offic telephon : 908-559-5870 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com with a copi to : cellco partnership one verizon way bask ridg , new jersey 07920 attent : assist treasur telephon : 908-559-5870 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 3. if to the issuer : c/o the owner truste at the corpor trust offic of the owner truste with copi to : cellco partnership one verizon way bask ridg , new jersey 07920 attent : assist treasur telephon : 908-559-5870 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com sb-1 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 4. if to the parent support provid : verizon commun inc. 1095 avenu of the america new york , new york 10036 attn : assist treasur telephon : 908-559-5870 email : kee.chan.sinverizon.com 5. if to the owner truste , at the corpor trust offic of the owner truste 6. if to the indentur truste , at the corpor trust offic of the indentur truste 7. if to s & p : s & p global rate 55 water street new york , new york 10041 attent : asset back surveil depart telephon : ( 212 ) 438-1000 fax : ( 212 ) 438-2649 8. if to moodi ’ s : moodi ’ s investor servic , inc. ab monitor depart 7 world trade center 250 greenwich street new york , new york 10007 email : abssurveillancemoodys.com 9. if to the cap counterparti : bank of america merril lynch 1133 avenu of the america 42nd floor , ny1-533-42-01 new york , ny 10036-6710 attent : agreement & document facsimil no . : ( 212 ) 548-8622 with a copi to : dg.dg_gmg_cid_fax_noticesbofasecurities.com 10. if to the asset represent review : pentalpha surveil llc 375 n french rd suit 100 amherst ny 14228 sb-2 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 attent : vzot 2020-a transact manag telephon : ( 716 ) 418-1634 fax : ( 716 ) 204-5902 email : noticespentalphasurveillance.com ( with vzot 2020-a in the subject line ) sb-3 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 appendix a usag and definit verizon owner trust 2020-a usag the follow usag rule appli to thi appendix , ani document that incorpor thi appendix and ani document deliv under ani such document : ( a ) the term “ document ” includ ani document , agreement , instrument , certif , notic , report , statement or other write , whether in electron or physic form . ( b ) account term not defin or not complet defin in thi appendix will have the mean given to them under gener accept account principl , intern financi report standard or other applic account principl in effect in the unit state on the date of the document that incorpor thi appendix . ( c ) refer to “ articl , ” “ section , ” “ exhibit , ” “ schedul , ” “ appendix ” or anoth subdivis of or to an attach are , unless otherwis state , to an articl , section , exhibit , schedul , appendix or subdivis of or an attach to the document in which the refer appear . ( d ) ani document defin or refer to in thi appendix or in ani document that incorpor thi appendix mean the document as amend , modifi , supplement , restat or replac , includ by waiver or consent , and includ all attach to and instrument incorpor in the document . ( e ) ani statut defin or refer to in thi appendix or in ani document that incorpor thi appendix mean the statut as amend , modifi , supplement , restat or replac , includ by success of compar successor statut , and includ ani rule and regul under the statut and ani judici and administr interpret of the statut . ( f ) refer to “ law ” or “ applic law ” in thi appendix or in ani document that incorpor thi appendix includ all rule and regul enact under such law . ( g ) the calcul of ani amount as of a cutoff date or ani other day , unless otherwis state , will be determin as of the end of that calendar day after the applic or process of ani fund , payment and other transact on that day . ( h ) refer to deposit , transfer and payment of ani fund refer to deposit , transfer or payment of such fund in immedi avail fund . ( i ) the term defin in thi appendix appli to the singular and plural form of those term . a-1 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( j ) the term “ includ ” mean “ includ without limitation. ” ( k ) refer to a person are also to it permit successor and assign , whether in it individu or repres capac . ( l ) in the comput of period of time from one date to or through a later date , the word “ from ” mean “ from and includ , ” the word “ to ” mean “ to but exclud , ” and the word “ through ” mean “ to and including. ” ( m ) except where “ not less than zero ” or similar languag is indic , amount determin by refer to a mathemat formula may be posit or neg . ( n ) refer to a month , quarter or year are , unless otherwis state , to a calendar month , calendar quarter or calendar year . ( o ) no person will be deem to have “ knowledg ” of a particular event or occurr for purpos of ani document that incorpor thi appendix , unless either ( i ) a respons person of the person ha actual knowledg of the event or occurr or ( ii ) the person ha receiv notic of the event or occurr accord to ani transact document . definit “ 60-day delinqu receiv ” mean , for ani date of determin , a receiv for which there are unpaid charg remain on the account sixti ( 60 ) day after the bill ’ s date due; provid that a written-off receiv is not consid a 60-day delinqu receiv . “ aaa ” mean the american arbitr associ . “ account control agreement ” mean the account control agreement , date as of the close date , among the issuer , as grantor , the indentur truste , as secur parti , and u.s. bank nation associ , in it capac as both a “ secur intermediari ” as defin in section 8- 102 of the ucc and a “ bank ” as defin in section 9-102 of the ucc , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ accru note interest ” mean , for a class and a payment date , the sum of the note monthli interest and the note interest shortfal . “ acquir receiv ” mean , for a collect period , a receiv ( a ) acquir by the servic under section 3.3 of the transfer and servic agreement , ( b ) acquir by the market agent under section 4.3 ( i ) of the transfer and servic agreement , ( c ) reacquir by an origin under section 3.4 or 4.6 of the origin receiv transfer agreement , or ( d ) acquir by the servic under section 3.4 or 4.7 of the master trust receiv transfer agreement and for which , in each case , the acquisit or reacquisit is effect dure the collect period and the acquisit amount is includ in avail fund for the relat payment date . a-2 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ acquisit account ” mean the subaccount of the collect account establish under section 4.1 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ acquisit amount ” mean , for an acquir receiv for which the acquisit amount is to be includ in avail fund for a payment date , the excess of ( i ) the present valu of the princip balanc of the receiv as of the last day of the collect period immedi preced the relat collect period ( calcul use the discount rate on the basi of a 360-day year of twelv 30-day month and assum each amount is receiv at the end of the collect period in which the amount is schedul to be receiv ) over ( ii ) all cash collect and ani other cash proce receiv by the issuer on the relat receiv from ( but exclud ) the last day of the collect period immedi preced the relat collect period to the day on which such receiv becom an acquir receiv . “ acquisit date ” mean each date dure the revolv period on which the issuer acquir addit receiv under section 2.1 ( b ) of the transfer and servic agreement and the depositor acquir addit receiv under section 2.1 ( b ) of the origin receiv transfer agreement or section 2.1 ( a ) of the master trust receiv transfer agreement; provid that there shall be no more than five ( 5 ) acquisit date in ani calendar month . “ acquisit date supplement ” mean , for ani collect period that includ an acquisit date , the supplement ( which may be incorpor into the monthli investor report ) deliv by the servic set forth ( a ) the aggreg princip balanc as of the cutoff date for the addit receiv transfer by the issuer , ( b ) the addit receiv transfer amount for such acquisit date , ( c ) the amount in the acquisit account on such acquisit date , ( d ) the yield supplement overcollater amount for such acquisit date and ( e ) the result of the credit enhanc test , the pool composit test and the floor credit enhanc composit test as of such acquisit date . “ acquisit deposit amount ” mean , for ani payment date dure the revolv period , an amount equal to ( a ) the requir acquisit deposit amount minu ( b ) the amount on deposit in the acquisit account on such payment date ( befor payment under section 8.2 ( c ) of the indentur on that payment date ) . “ addit origin ” ha the mean state in section 6.11 of the origin receiv transfer agreement . “ addit receiv ” mean ani devic payment plan agreement acquir by the issuer on an acquisit date and list on the schedul of receiv attach to a transfer notic deliv to the issuer and the indentur truste in connect with such acquisit date . “ addit receiv cash transfer amount ” mean , for an acquisit date , the lesser of ( x ) the addit receiv transfer amount and ( y ) the amount on deposit in the acquisit account on such acquisit date . a-3 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ addit receiv transfer amount ” mean , for an acquisit date , an amount equal to the discount present valu of the remain payment ( after the end of the calendar day on the relat cutoff date ) for the remain term of such addit receiv discount use the discount rate . “ addit successor servic fee ” mean , for ani payment date , the excess , if ani , of ( x ) 425,000 over ( y ) the servic fee . “ addit trust properti ” mean , for ani acquisit date , ( a ) the depositor transfer properti for that acquisit date , ( b ) all present and futur claim , demand , caus of action and chose in action for ani of the forego , and ( c ) all payment on or under and all proce for ani of the forego . “ adjust pool balanc ” mean , on the close date , an amount equal to : ( a ) the initi pool balance; minu ( b ) the yield supplement overcollater amount for the close date; and mean , on a payment date or acquisit date , an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to : ( a ) the pool balanc as of the last day of the collect period immedi preced such payment date or acquisit date; minu ( b ) the yield supplement overcollater amount for such payment date or acquisit date . “ administr agreement ” mean the administr agreement , date as of the close date , between the administr and the issuer , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ administr ” mean cellco , in it capac as administr under the administr agreement . “ advers claim ” mean ani lien other than a permit lien . “ affili ” mean , for a specifi person ( other than a natur person ) , ( a ) anoth person control , control by or under common control with the specifi person , ( b ) ani other person benefici own or control more than fifti percent ( 50 ) of the outstand vote secur or right of or interest in the capit , distribut or profit of the specifi person or ( c ) ani control sharehold of , or partner in , the specifi person . for the purpos of thi definit , “ control ” when use with respect to ani person mean the direct or indirect possess of the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag or polici of the person , whether through ownership , by contract , arrang or understand , or otherwis . “ amort event ” mean the occurr of ani of the follow : a-4 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( a ) the issuer fail on a payment date dure the revolv period to ( i ) pay the accru note interest on the note , ( ii ) have the requir reserv amount on deposit in the reserv account or ( iii ) have the requir neg carri amount on deposit in the neg carri account; ( b ) for ani payment date , the sum of the fraction , express as percentag for each of the three collect period immedi preced such payment date , calcul by divid the aggreg princip balanc of written-off receiv dure each of those collect period by the pool balanc as of the first day of each of those collect period , multipli by four , exce 10.00 , as determin by the servic at least two ( 2 ) busi day befor each payment date; ( c ) for ani payment date , the sum of the fraction , express as percentag for each of the three collect period immedi preced such payment date , calcul by divid the aggreg princip balanc of all receiv that are ninety-on ( 91 ) day or more delinqu at the end of each of those collect period by the pool balanc as of the last day of each of those collect period , divid by three , exce 2.00 , as determin by the servic at least two ( 2 ) busi day befor each payment date; ( d ) the adjust pool balanc is less than 50.00 of the aggreg note balanc of the notes; ( e ) on ani payment date , after give effect to all payment to be made on such payment date pursuant to section 8.2 of the indentur and the acquisit of addit receiv on that date , the amount of overcollater for the note is not at least equal to the overcollater target amount; provid , that if the overcollater target amount is not reach on ani payment date sole due to a chang in the percentag use to calcul such overcollater target amount , such an event will not constitut an “ amort event ” unless the overcollater target amount is not reach by the end of the third month after the relat payment date; ( f ) a servic termin event ha occur and is continuing; or ( g ) an event of default ha occur and is continu . “ amort period ” mean the payment date begin on the earlier of ( i ) the payment date in februari 2022 or ( ii ) the payment date on or immedi follow the date on which an amort event occur and end on the earlier of ( a ) the payment date on which each class of note have been paid in full and ( b ) the final matur date . “ amount financ ” mean , for a receiv , the amount of credit provid to the obligor for the purchas of the relat devic . a-5 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ annual percentag rate ” or “ apr ” of a receiv mean the annual rate of financ charg state in the receiv or in ani feder truth-in-lend act correct notic relat to the receiv . “ annual upgrad offer ” mean the annual upgrad offer extend by verizon wireless as of the date hereof to an exist obligor under which such obligor can upgrad certain specifi devic that are the subject of a devic payment plan agreement if the follow term and condit specifi in such offer are satisfi : • the custom may be abl to upgrad an elig devic for a new qualifi devic after thirti ( 30 ) day provid that such custom ha paid at least 50 of the retail price of the elig devic under the relat devic payment plan agreement and return such elig devic to verizon wireless in good work condit with no signific damag as determin by verizon wireless; • the custom is requir to purchas a new qualifi devic under a new devic payment plan agreement . new devic purchas are subject to then-avail offer and ani associ wireless servic requirements; • a custom ’ s account must be in good stand and such custom must satisfi verizon wireless ’ elig requir for a new devic payment plan agreement; • upon enter into a devic payment plan agreement for a new qualifi devic , and after return the elig devic to verizon wireless within fourteen ( 14 ) day , verizon wireless will agre , for the benefit of such custom and for the express benefit of ani assigne of such custom ’ s origin devic payment plan agreement , to acquir such custom ’ s elig devic for the remain balanc of the relat custom ’ s origin devic payment plan agreement and pay off and settl that remain balanc . after verizon wireless doe that , such custom ’ s onli remain oblig will be under the new devic payment plan agreement and for associ wireless service; • if a custom doe not return an elig devic when upgrad , or if it is not return to verizon wireless in good work condit , in each case the remain balanc under such custom ’ s origin devic payment plan agreement will be due on such custom ’ s next bill . good work condit requir , among other thing , that the custom ’ s return devic power on and off , doe not have a crack screen , ha no signific damag as determin by verizon wireless , and ha all password-protect secur featur ( e.g. , find my iphon ) turn off; • the annual upgrad offer and the relat term and condit may be modifi or termin by verizon wireless at ani time . a custom ’ s upgrad elig will be determin in the sole discret of verizon wireless . if the annual upgrad offer is termin or the relat term and condit are not satisfi , a custom will remain respons for the remain balanc due under the origin devic payment plan agreement . a-6 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ applic anti-money launder law ” ha the mean state in section 6.8 of the trust agreement . “ arbitr rule ” mean the aaa ’ s commerci arbitr rule and mediat procedur . “ asset represent review ” mean , follow the occurr of a delinqu trigger , the review of 60-day delinqu receiv to be undertaken by the asset represent review pursuant to the term of the asset represent review agreement . “ asset represent review agreement ” mean the asset represent review agreement , date as of the close date , among the asset represent review , the issuer , the servic and the administr . “ asset represent review ” mean pentalpha surveil llc , or ani successor asset represent review under the asset represent review agreement . “ asset represent review fee ” mean ( i ) a monthli fee equal to 416.67 per month , payabl on each payment date , and ( ii ) the amount of ani fee payabl to the asset represent review in connect with it review of 60-day delinqu receiv in accord with the term of the asset represent review agreement . “ assum amort schedul ” mean , for each class of note , an amort that result in the note balanc for such class on ani futur payment date be equal to the percentag of the initi note balanc of such class shown in the decrement tabl for such class set forth under “ matur and prepay considerations-weight averag life ” in the prospectu , use a prepay assumpt percentag of 100 and assum exercis of the option acquisit on the earliest applic payment date . “ authent agent ” ha the mean state in section 2.14 ( a ) of the indentur . “ avail fund ” mean , for a payment date , the sum of the follow amount for the payment date ( without duplic ) : ( a ) collect on the receiv ( other than temporarili exclud receiv ) for the relat collect period in the collect account; plu ( b ) acquisit amount receiv on receiv that becam acquir receiv dure the relat collect period and ani amount in respect of acquisit amount paid by the parent support provider; plu ( c ) credit payment receiv on receiv from the market agent or the relat origin dure the relat collect period and ani amount in respect of credit payment paid by the parent support provider; plu a-7 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( d ) upgrad payment receiv from the market agent or the relat origin on receiv subject to an upgrad offer dure the relat collect period and ani amount in respect of upgrad payment paid by the parent support provider; plu ( e ) ani amount deposit by the class a certificatehold to acquir the receiv on the payment date under section 8.1 of the transfer and servic agreement or ani amount receiv by the issuer from a transfere of the receiv under section 8.2 of the transfer and servic agreement; plu ( f ) the neg carri account draw amount , if any; plu ( g ) the reserv account draw amount , if ani , and , after withdraw the reserv account draw amount from the reserv account , ani amount in excess of the requir reserv amount remain on deposit in the reserv account; plu ( h ) the amount , if ani , deposit into the collect account from the neg carri account and , on the first payment date dure the amort period , the entir amount on deposit in the neg carri account and the acquisit account; plu ( i ) ani cap payment paid by the cap counterparti to the issuer under the cap agreement and deposit into the collect account . “ bank account ” mean the collect account , the reserv account , the acquisit account and the neg carri account . “ bankruptci action ” ha the mean state in section 5.5 of the trust agreement . “ bankruptci code ” mean the unit state bankruptci code , 11 u.s.c . 101 et seq . “ bankruptci surrend receiv ” mean ani receiv that is secur by the relat devic and is not a written-off receiv for which ( i ) the relat obligor ha enter into a bankruptci proceed and ( ii ) the servic ha accept the surrend of the relat devic in satisfact of the receiv . “ benchmark ” mean , initi , one-month libor; provid that if a benchmark transit event and it relat benchmark replac date have occur with respect to one-month libor or the then-curr benchmark , then “ benchmark ” mean the applic benchmark replac . “ benchmark administr ” mean , ( 1 ) with respect to one-month libor , the ice benchmark administr limit , ( 2 ) with respect to sofr , the feder reserv bank of new york and ( 3 ) with respect to ani other benchmark , the entiti respons for administr of such benchmark ( or in each case , ani successor administr ) . a-8 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ benchmark replac ” mean the first altern set forth in the order below that can be determin by the administr as of the benchmark replac date : ( 1 ) the sum of ( a ) term sofr and ( b ) the benchmark replac adjust , provid that there ha been no offici public statement or public of inform by the benchmark administr or the regulatori supervisor for the benchmark administr announc that term sofr is not yet repres that ha not been either withdrawn or supersed by a similar offici public statement or public that term sofr ha becom repres , ( 2 ) the sum of ( a ) compound sofr and ( b ) the benchmark replac adjust , ( 3 ) the sum of ( a ) the isda fallback rate and ( b ) the benchmark replac adjust , ( 4 ) the sum of ( a ) the altern rate of interest that ha been select or recommend by the relev government bodi as the replac for the then-curr benchmark for the applic correspond tenor and ( b ) the benchmark replac adjust , and ( 5 ) the sum of ( a ) the altern rate of interest that ha been select by the administr in it reason discret as the replac for the then-curr benchmark for the applic correspond tenor and ( b ) the benchmark replac adjust . “ benchmark replac adjust ” mean the first altern set forth in the order below that can be determin by the administr as of the benchmark replac date : ( 1 ) the spread adjust , or method for calcul or determin such spread adjust ( which may be a posit or neg valu or zero ) , that ha been select or recommend by the relev government bodi for the applic unadjust benchmark replac , ( 2 ) if the applic unadjust benchmark replac is equival to the isda fallback rate , then the isda fallback adjust , and ( 3 ) the spread adjust ( which may be a posit or neg valu or zero ) that ha been select by the administr in it reason discret for the replac of the then-curr benchmark with the applic unadjust benchmark replac . “ benchmark replac conform chang ” mean , with respect to ani benchmark replac , ani technic , administr or oper chang ( includ chang to the time and frequenc of determin rate and make payment of interest , and other administr matter ) that the administr decid in it reason discret may be appropri to reflect the adopt of such benchmark replac in a manner substanti consist with market practic ( or , if the administr decid that adopt of ani portion of such market practic is not administr feasibl or if the administr determin that no a-9 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 market practic for use of the benchmark replac exist , in such other manner as the administr determin in it reason discret is reason necessari ) . “ benchmark replac date ” mean : ( 1 ) in the case of claus ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of the definit of “ benchmark transit event ” , the later of ( a ) the date of the relat offici public statement or public of inform referenc therein and ( b ) the date on which the applic benchmark administr perman or indefinit ceas to provid the benchmark , or ( 2 ) in the case of claus ( 3 ) of the definit of “ benchmark transit event ” , the date of the offici public statement or public of inform . for the avoid of doubt , if the event give rise to the benchmark replac date occur on the same day as , but earlier than , the refer time in respect of ani determin , the benchmark replac date shall be deem to have occur prior to the refer time for such determin . “ benchmark transit event ” mean the occurr of one or more of the follow event with respect to the then-curr benchmark : ( 1 ) an offici public statement or public of inform by or on behalf of the benchmark administr announc that such benchmark administr ha ceas or will ceas to provid the benchmark , perman or indefinitely; provid , that , at the time of such statement or public , there is no successor benchmark administr that will continu to provid the benchmark , ( 2 ) an offici public statement or public of inform by the regulatori supervisor for the benchmark administr , the central bank for the currenc of the benchmark , an insolv offici with jurisdict over the benchmark administr , a resolut author with jurisdict over the benchmark administr or a court or an entiti with similar insolv or resolut author over the benchmark administr , which state that the benchmark administr ha ceas or will ceas to provid the benchmark perman or indefinitely; provid , that , at the time of such statement or public , there is no successor benchmark administr that will continu to provid the benchmark , or ( 3 ) an offici public statement or public of inform by the regulatori supervisor for the benchmark administr announc that the benchmark is no longer repres . “ beneficiari ” ha the mean state in the parent support agreement . “ benefit plan ” mean an “ employe benefit plan ” as defin in section 3 ( 3 ) of erisa , which is subject to the provis of titl i of erisa , a “ plan ” describ in and subject to a-10 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 section 4975 of the code , an entiti whose underli asset includ “ plan asset ” by reason of an employe benefit plan ’ s or plan ’ s invest in the entiti or ani other employe benefit plan that is subject to ani similar law . “ book-entri note ” mean ani of the note issu in book-entri form under section 2.12 of the indentur . “ busi day ” mean ani day other than ( a ) a saturday , sunday or other day on which bank in new york , new york or ani jurisdict in which the corpor trust offic of the indentur truste or the owner truste is locat are author or requir to close or ( b ) a holiday on the feder reserv calendar . “ cap agreement ” mean the interest rate cap agreement relat to the class a-1b note consist of the 2002 isda master agreement ( multicurr cross-bord ) , schedul and credit support annex , each date as of januari 24 , 2020 , and the confirm , date on or about januari 23 , 2020 , in each case , between the issuer and the cap counterparti , as such agreement may be amend and supplement from time to time in accord with it term . “ cap collater account ” mean the account or account , if ani , establish under section 9.10 of the transfer and servic agreement as requir by the term of the cap agreement . “ cap counterparti ” mean bank of america , n.a. , or ani elig replac cap counterparti , to the extent such elig replac cap counterparti replac the exist cap counterparti under the cap agreement or ani replac interest rate cap agreement . “ cap custodian ” ha the mean state in section 9.10 of the transfer and servic agreement . “ cap payment ” mean , for ani interest period in which one-month libor ( calcul in accord with the cap agreement ) exce 3.00 , an amount equal to the product of ( x ) the excess , if ani , of one-month libor ( calcul in accord with the cap agreement ) for the relat payment date over 3.00 , ( y ) the notion amount of the cap for such payment date , as set forth in the cap agreement , and ( z ) a fraction , the numer of which is the actual number of day elaps in such interest period and the denomin of which is 360 , which payment shall be deposit into the collect account by the cap counterparti on or befor the second busi day preced the relat payment date . “ cellco ” mean cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless , a delawar gener partnership , do busi as verizon wireless . “ certif ” mean either the class a certif or the class b certif , as the context requir . “ certif distribut account ” mean the account establish and maintain as such pursuant to section 4.1 of the trust agreement . a-11 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ certif of trust ” mean the certif of trust of verizon owner trust 2020-a . “ certif pay agent ” mean initi the owner truste and ani other person appoint as certif pay agent under section 3.11 of the trust agreement . “ certificatehold ” mean the regist holder of a certif . “ class ” mean the class a-1a note , the class a-1b note , the class b note and the class c note , as applic . “ class a certif ” mean the class a certif execut by the issuer and authent by the owner truste , evidenc a portion of the equiti interest in the issuer , substanti in the form attach as exhibit b-1 to the trust agreement . “ class a certificatehold ” mean collect , the origin or their designe . “ class a note ” mean , collect , the class a-1a note and the class a-1b note . “ class a-1a note ” mean the 1,325,700,000 class a-1a 1.85 asset back note issu by the issuer , substanti in the form of exhibit a to the indentur . “ class a-1b note ” mean the 100,000,000 class a-1b one-month libor ( or , upon the occurr of a benchmark transit event , the appropri benchmark replac ) + 0.27 asset back note issu by the issuer , substanti in the form of exhibit a to the indentur . “ class b certif ” mean the variabl fund certif execut by the issuer and authent by the owner truste , substanti in the form attach as exhibit b-2 to the trust agreement . “ class b certif princip balanc ” mean ( i ) on the close date , 0 , ( ii ) on ani acquisit date , an amount equal to the excess , if ani , of the addit receiv transfer amount for the addit receiv to be acquir by the issuer on such acquisit date over the addit receiv cash transfer amount for such addit receiv , and ( iii ) dure the amort period , 0; provid , that , with respect to claus ( ii ) , immedi follow the acquisit by the depositor of addit receiv from the origin on ani acquisit date , and upon distribut by the depositor to the origin of the amount set forth in section 2.2 ( b ) of the origin receiv transfer agreement , the class b certif princip balanc will be decreas to zero for such date . “ class b certificatehold ” mean the depositor or it designe . “ class b note ” mean the 98,300,000 class b 1.98 asset back note issu by the issuer , substanti in the form of exhibit a to the indentur . “ class c note ” mean the 76,000,000 class c 2.06 asset back note issu by the issuer , substanti in the form of exhibit a to the indentur . a-12 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ clean-up redempt ” ha the mean state in section 8.1 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ clear agenc ” mean an organ regist as a “ clear agenc ” under section 17a of the exchang act . “ close date ” mean januari 29 , 2020 . “ code ” mean the intern revenu code of 1986 , as amend . “ collater ” mean ( a ) the trust properti , ( b ) all present and futur claim , demand , caus of action and chose in action relat to the trust properti and ( c ) all payment on or under and all proce of the trust properti . “ collect account ” mean the account or account establish under section 4.1 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ collect period ” mean each calendar month . for a payment date , the relat collect period mean ( i ) for ani payment date other than the initi payment date , the collect period immedi preced the month in which the payment date occur , or ( ii ) for the initi payment date , the period from the end of the calendar day on the initi cutoff date and end on and includ the last day of the month immedi preced the initi payment date . for purpos of determin the princip balanc , pool balanc or note pool factor , the relat collect period is the month in which the princip balanc , pool balanc or note pool factor is determin . “ collect ” mean , for a collect period , all cash collect receiv from obligor and ani other cash proce ( whether in the form of cash , wire transfer or check ) in respect of the receiv receiv and appli by the servic to the payment of the receiv dure that collect period , but exclud : ( i ) the supplement servic fee; ( ii ) amount on ani receiv for which the acquisit amount is includ in the avail fund for the relat payment date; and ( iii ) ani recoveri or cash collect receiv with respect to written-off receiv that were written-off befor or dure such collect period . “ commiss ” mean the u.s. secur and exchang commiss , and ani successor thereto . “ compar treasuri issu ” mean the unit state treasuri secur select by the independ invest banker as have a matur compar to the remain term , refer to as the remain life , of the note to be redeem that would be util , at the time of a-13 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 select and in accord with customari financi practic , in price new issu of corpor debt secur of compar matur to the remain term of the note . “ compar treasuri price ” mean ( 1 ) the averag of three refer treasuri dealer quotat for that date of redempt , or ( 2 ) if the independ invest banker is unabl to obtain three refer treasuri dealer quotat , the averag of all quotat obtain . “ compound sofr ” mean the compound averag of sofr for the applic correspond tenor , with the rate , or methodolog of thi rate , and convent of thi rate ( which , for exampl , may be compound in arrear with a lookback and/or suspens period as a mechan to determin the interest amount payabl prior to the end of each collect period or compound in advanc ) be establish by the administr in accord with : ( 1 ) the rate , or methodolog of thi rate , and convent of thi rate select or recommend by the relev government bodi for determin compound sofr; provid that ( 2 ) if , and to the extent that , the administr determin that compound sofr can not be determin in accord with claus ( 1 ) abov , then the rate , or methodolog of thi rate , and convent of thi rate that have been select by the administr in it reason discret . “ control agreement ” ha the mean state in section 9.10 of the transfer and servic agreement . “ control class ” mean ( a ) the outstand class a note , vote togeth as a singl class , ( b ) if no class a note are outstand , the outstand class b note and ( c ) if no class b note are outstand , the outstand class c note . “ corpor trust offic ” mean , ( a ) for the owner truste : rodney squar north , 1100 north market street wilmington , delawar 19890-1600 attn : corpor trust administr telephon : 302-636-6704 fax : 302-636-4141 or at anoth address in the state of delawar as the owner truste may notifi the indentur truste , the administr and the depositor , ( b ) for the indentur truste , the offic of the indentur truste at which at ani particular time it corpor trust busi shall be administ which offic on the date of the execut of the indentur is locat at : a-14 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( i ) sole for the purpos of transfer , surrend , exchang or present for final payment : ep-mn-ws2n 111 fillmor avenu east st. paul , mn 55107 , attn : bondhold services/vzot 2020-a and ( ii ) for all other purpos : mk-il-sl7c 190 south lasal street chicago , illinoi 60603 attent : global structur finance/vzot 2020-a fax : ( 312 ) 332-7992 or at such other address as the indentur truste may design from time to time by notic to the notehold , the servic , and the owner truste , or the princip corpor trust offic of ani successor indentur truste ( the address of which the successor indentur truste will notifi the notehold , the servic and the owner truste ) , and ( c ) for the master trust owner truste : rodney squar north , 1100 north market street wilmington , delawar 19890-1600 attn : corpor trust administr telephon : 302-636-6704 fax : 302-636-4141 or at anoth address in the state of delawar as the master trust owner truste may notifi the indentur truste , the administr , the owner truste and the depositor . “ correspond tenor ” mean a tenor ( includ overnight ) have approxim the same length ( disregard busi day adjust ) as the applic tenor for the then-curr benchmark . “ cover entiti ” and “ cover entiti ” have the mean state in section 1 ( a ) of the parent support agreement . “ credit ” mean ani payment credit ( includ one-tim upfront credit and conting , recur credit ) , includ the applic of a return secur deposit , alloc to the account of an obligor that is appli by the servic against amount due on the obligor ’ s relat invoic . “ credit enhanc test ” mean the test that will be satisfi on the close date and on each acquisit date , after give effect to all payment requir to be made under section 8.2 ( c ) of the indentur and the acquisit of addit receiv on the acquisit date , if a-15 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( a ) ( i ) the adjust pool balanc as of the end of the collect period immedi preced the close date or such acquisit date , as applic , plu ( ii ) ani amount on deposit in the acquisit account minu ( iii ) the overcollater target amount , is equal to or greater than ( b ) the aggreg note balanc on that date . “ credit payment ” mean , with respect to ani collect period , an amount equal to the reduct in the amount owe by an obligor under a receiv due to the applic of ani credit to such obligor ’ s account that would have otherwis constitut collect dure such collect period . “ custodian ” mean cellco , in it capac as custodian of the receiv file . “ custom tenur ” mean the number of month an obligor ha had a verizon wireless account base on the oldest activ account establish date for such obligor , inclus of ani period of up to fifti ( 50 ) day of disconnect servic , up to nineti ( 90 ) day of suspend servic or longer servic suspens in connect with the servicememb civil relief act , as amend . “ cutoff date ” mean ( a ) for the initi receiv , the initi cutoff date and ( b ) for ani addit receiv , the end of the calendar day on the last day of the month immedi preced the month in which such acquisit date occur . “ default ” mean ani event that with notic or the passag of time or both would becom an event of default . “ definit note ” ha the mean state in section 2.13 of the indentur . “ delawar statutori trust act ” mean chapter 38 of titl 12 of the delawar code . “ delinqu ” mean an account on which an obligor ha unpaid charg remain on the relat account on the day immedi follow the relat date due as indic on the obligor ’ s bill . “ delinqu trigger ” mean , with respect to a collect period , the aggreg princip balanc of 60-day delinqu receiv as a percentag of the aggreg princip balanc of receiv as of the end of such collect period exce the delinqu trigger percentag for such collect period . “ delinqu trigger percentag ” equal ( i ) dure the revolv period , 5.0 and ( ii ) dure the amort period , 5.5 . “ depositor ” mean verizon ab llc , a delawar limit liabil compani . “ depositor transfer properti ” mean , for the close date and ani acquisit date , ( a ) the origin transfer properti , ( b ) the master trust transfer properti , ( c ) the depositor ’ s right under the receiv transfer agreement , ( d ) all present and futur claim , a-16 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 demand , caus of action and chose in action relat to ani of the properti describ abov and ( e ) all payment on or under and all proce of the properti describ abov . “ depositori agreement ” mean the letter of represent for the note , date januari 29 , 2020 , by the issuer in favor of the depositori trust compani . “ devic ” mean the wireless devic that is the subject of a devic payment plan agreement that is a receiv . “ discount rate ” mean , with respect to a receiv , the greater of ( i ) the apr with respect to such receiv , and ( ii ) 7.65 . “ elig represent ” ha the mean state in section 3.3 of the relat receiv transfer agreement . “ elig receiv ” mean a receiv that satisfi the characterist set forth in section 3.3 of the relat receiv transfer agreement . “ elig replac cap counterparti ” mean a counterparti that meet the elig requir set forth in the cap agreement . “ equiti interest ” mean a benefici ownership interest in the issuer , as record on the trust regist . “ erisa ” mean the employe retir incom secur act of 1974 , as amend . “ event of default ” ha the mean state in section 5.1 ( a ) of the indentur . “ exchang act ” mean the secur exchang act of 1934 , as amend . “ fatca inform ” ha the mean state in section 3.3 ( e ) of the indentur . “ fatca withhold tax ” ha the mean state in section 3.3 ( e ) of the indentur . “ fico® score 8 ” mean the fico® score 8 calcul on or about the date on which such receiv wa origin . “ final matur date ” mean , for ( i ) the class a-1a note , the payment date in juli , 2024 , ( ii ) the class a-1b note , the payment date in juli , 2024 , ( iii ) the class b note , the payment date in juli , 2024 , and ( iv ) the class c note , the payment date in juli , 2024 . “ first prioriti princip payment ” mean , for a payment date , the greater of : ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to the aggreg note balanc of the class a note as of the immedi preced payment date ( or , for the initi payment date , as of the close date ) minu the adjust pool balance; and a-17 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( b ) on and after the final matur date for the class a note , the aggreg note balanc of the class a note until paid in full . “ floor credit enhanc composit test ” mean , for ani payment date and the pool of receiv ( exclud ani temporarili exclud receiv ) held by the issuer as of such date , each of the follow test calcul as of the end of the month preced the month in which such date occur : ( a ) the weight averag fico® score 8 of the obligor with respect to the receiv is at least 700 ( exclud receiv with obligor for whom fico® score 8s are not avail ) , ( b ) receiv with obligor for whom fico® score 8s are not avail repres no more than 4.50 of the pool balanc , ( c ) receiv with obligor that have less than 12 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless repres no more than 22.00 of the pool balanc , ( d ) receiv with obligor that have 7 month or more , but less than 24 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless repres no more than 12.00 of the pool balanc , ( e ) receiv with obligor that have 60 month or more of custom tenur with verizon wireless repres at least 55.00 of the pool balanc , ( f ) receiv with obligor that have less than 12 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico® score 8s are not avail or ( ii ) that have fico® score 8s below 650 , repres no more than 10.00 of the pool balanc , ( g ) receiv with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico® score 8s are not avail or ( ii ) that have fico® score 8s below 650 , repres no more than 50.00 of the aggreg princip balanc of all receiv with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless , and ( h ) receiv with obligor that have 60 month or more of custom tenur with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico® score 8s are not avail or ( ii ) that have fico® score 8s below 650 , repres no more than 27.50 of the aggreg princip balanc of all receiv with obligor that have 60 month or more of custom tenur with verizon wireless . “ government author ” mean ani govern or polit subdivis or ani agenc , author , bureau , regulatori bodi , central bank , commiss , depart or instrument of ani such govern or polit subdivis , or ani other entiti exercis execut , legisl , judici , regulatori or administr function of or pertain to govern or ani a-18 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 court , tribun , grand juri or arbitr , or ani account board or author ( whether or not part of a govern ) which is respons for the establish or interpret of nation or intern account principl , in each case whether foreign or domest . “ grant ” mean to mortgag , pledg , assign and to grant a lien on and a secur interest in the relev properti . “ guarante oblig ” ha the mean state in section 1 ( a ) of the parent support agreement . “ hagu secur convent ” mean the convent on the law applic to certain right in respect of secur held with an intermediari ( conclud 5 juli 2006 ) , which becam effect in the unit state of america on april 1 , 2017 . “ indemnifi person ” ha the mean state in section 6.7 ( b ) of the indentur , section 6.3 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement and section 7.2 ( a ) of the trust agreement , as applic . “ indentur ” mean the indentur , date as of the close date , between the issuer and the indentur truste . “ indentur truste ” mean u.s. bank nation associ , a nation bank associ , not in it individu capac but sole as indentur truste under the indentur . “ indentur truste fee ” mean a monthli fee equal to 1/12th of 12,000 , payabl on each payment date . “ independ ” mean that the relev person ( a ) is independ of the issuer , the depositor and their affili , ( b ) doe not have ani direct financi interest or ani materi indirect financi interest in the issuer , the depositor or their affili and ( c ) is not an offic , employe , underwrit , truste , partner , director or person perform similar function of or for the issuer , the depositor or their affili . “ independ certif ” mean a certif or opinion to be deliv to the indentur truste under the circumst describ in section 11.3 of the indentur , made by an independ apprais , a firm of certifi public account of nation reput or other expert appoint by an issuer order and approv by the indentur truste in the exercis of reason care , and such opinion or certif shall state that the signer ha read the definit of “ independ ” in thi indentur and that the signer is independ within the mean thereof . “ independ invest banker ” mean an independ invest bank or commerci bank institut of nation stand appoint by verizon . “ initi cutoff date ” mean the end of the calendar day on decemb 31 , 2019. a-19 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ initi pool balanc ” mean 1,917,450,478.10 which is the aggreg princip balanc of the initi receiv as of the initi cutoff date . “ initi receiv ” mean ani devic payment plan agreement acquir by the issuer on the close date and list on the schedul of receiv deliv on the close date . “ initi trust properti ” mean ( a ) the depositor transfer properti for the close date , ( b ) the issuer ’ s right under the transfer and servic agreement , ( c ) the issuer ’ s right under the cap agreement , ( d ) all secur entitl relat to the bank account and the properti deposit in or credit to ani of the bank account , ( e ) all present and futur claim , demand , caus of action and chose in action for ani of the forego and ( f ) all payment on or under and all proce for ani of the forego . “ insolv event ” mean , for a person , that ( 1 ) ( a ) such person admit in write it inabl to pay it debt gener as they becom due , or make a gener assign for the benefit of creditor , or ( b ) ani proceed is institut by or against such person seek to adjud it bankrupt or insolv , or seek the liquid , wind up , reorgan , arrang , adjust , protect , relief or composit of it or it debt under ani law relat to bankruptci , insolv or reorgan or relief of debtor , or seek the entri of an order for relief or the appoint of a receiv , truste or other similar offici for it or ani substanti part of it properti , or ( c ) such person gener doe not pay it debt as such debt becom due and , in the case of ani proceed institut against such person , such proceed remain unstay for more than sixti ( 60 ) day or an order or decre approv or order ani of the forego shall be enter or ( 2 ) such person take ani corpor action to author ani such action . “ interest period ” mean for ani payment date and ( a ) the class a-1a note , class b note and class c note , the period from and includ the 20th day of the calendar month immedi preced the payment date to but exclud the 20th day of the month in which the payment date occur ( or from and includ the close date to but exclud march 20 , 2020 for the first payment date ) or ( b ) the class a-1b note , the period from and includ the payment date immedi preced the current payment date to but exclud the current payment date ( or from and includ the close date to but exclud march 20 , 2020 for the first payment date ) . “ invest compani act ” mean the invest compani act of 1940 , as amend . “ isda definit ” mean the 2006 isda definit publish by the intern swap and deriv associ , inc. or ani successor thereto , as amend or supplement from time to time , or ani successor definit booklet for interest rate deriv publish from time to time . “ isda fallback adjust ” mean the spread adjust ( which may be a posit or neg valu or zero ) that would appli for deriv transact referenc the isda definit to be determin upon the occurr of an index cessat event with respect to the benchmark for the applic tenor . a-20 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ isda fallback rate ” mean the rate that would appli for deriv transact referenc the isda definit to be effect upon the occurr of an index cessat date with respect to the benchmark for the applic tenor exclud the applic isda fallback adjust . “ issuer ” mean verizon owner trust 2020-a , a delawar statutori trust . “ issuer order ” and “ issuer request ” ha the mean state in section 11.3 ( a ) of the indentur . “ law ” mean ani law ( includ common law ) , constitut , statut , treati , regul , rule , ordin , execut order , order , court order , injunct , writ , decre , direct , judgment , injunct , award or similar item of or by a government author or ani interpret , implement or applic thereof . “ libor determin date ” mean , ( i ) with respect to the first payment date , the second london busi day prior to the close date and ( ii ) with respect to each subsequ payment date , the second london busi day prior to the immedi preced payment date . “ lien ” mean a secur interest , lien , charg , pledg or encumbr . “ london busi day ” mean ani day other than a saturday , sunday or day on which bank institut in london , england are author or oblig by law or govern decre to be close . “ make-whol payment ” mean , for ani payment of princip of the note on ani payment date : ( a ) for ani make-whol payment due , other than with respect to an option redempt , ( i ) for each class of note other than the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present valu of ( i ) the amount of all futur interest payment that would otherwis accru on the princip payment until the payment date in februari 2022 and ( ii ) the princip payment , each such payment discount from the payment date in februari 2022 to such payment date monthli on a 30/360 day basi at 0.15 plu the higher of ( 1 ) zero and ( 2 ) the then-curr matur match treasuri rate to such payment over ( b ) the princip payment; or ( ii ) for the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present valu of ( i ) the amount of all futur interest payment that would otherwis accru on the princip payment at an interest rate of one-month libor applic to such payment date plu 0.27 until the payment date in februari 2022 and ( ii ) the princip payment , each such payment discount from the payment date in februari 2022 to such payment date monthli on an actual/360 day basi at one- a-21 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 month libor applic to such payment date over ( b ) the princip payment; and ( b ) for ani make-whol payment due with respect to an option redempt , ( i ) for each class of note other than the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present valu of ( i ) the amount of all futur interest payment that would otherwis accru on such class of note assum princip payment on such class are made base on the assum amort schedul for such class and ( ii ) the amount of all futur princip payment that would otherwis be paid on such class of note assum princip payment on such class are paid base on the assum amort schedul for such class , each such amount discount from the payment date on which such payment would be made in accord with the assum amort schedul to the payment date on which the option redempt occur , monthli on a 30/360 day basi at 0.15 plu the higher of ( 1 ) zero and ( 2 ) the then-curr matur match treasuri rate to such payment over ( b ) the note balanc of such class of note immedi prior to the option redemption; or ( ii ) for the class a-1b note , the excess of ( a ) the present valu of ( i ) the amount of all futur interest payment that would otherwis accru on the class a-1b note at an interest rate of one-month libor applic to such payment date plu 0.27 assum princip payment on the class a-1b note are made base on the assum amort schedul for the class a-1b note and ( ii ) the amount of all futur princip payment that would otherwis be paid on the class a-1b note assum princip payment on the class a-1b note are paid base on the assum amort schedul for the class a-1b note , each such amount discount from the payment date on which such payment would be made in accord with the assum amort schedul to the payment date on which the option redempt occur , monthli on an actual/360 day basi at one-month libor applic to such payment date over ( b ) the note balanc of the class a-1b note immedi prior to the option redemption; provid , that , upon the occurr of a benchmark transit event , one-month libor use in the calcul of make-whol payment will be replac by the appropri benchmark replac as set forth in section 2.16 of the indentur . “ market agent ” mean cellco . “ market agent agenc agreement ” mean the amend and restat market agent agenc agreement , date as of septemb 27 , 2016 , between the market agent and the verizon origin , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . a-22 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ market agent remitt oblig ” ha the mean state in the parent support agreement . “ master collater agenc agreement ” mean the amend and restat master collater agenc and intercreditor agreement , date as of may 8 , 2019 , among the master trust , u.s. bank nation associ , as master collater agent , cellco , as servic , and each creditor repres from time to time parti thereto , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ master trust ” mean verizon dppa master trust , a delawar statutori trust , creat and exist pursuant to the master trust agreement . “ master trust administr ” mean cellco . “ master trust agreement ” mean the second amend and restat trust agreement , date as of may 8 , 2019 , between verizon ab ii llc , as depositor , and the master trust owner truste , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ master trust owner truste ” mean wilmington trust , nation associ , a nation bank associ , not in it individu capac but sole as master trust owner truste under the master trust agreement . “ master trust receiv transfer agreement ” mean the master trust receiv transfer agreement , date as of the close date , among the master trust , the servic and the depositor , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ master trust transfer properti ” mean , for the close date and ani acquisit date , ( a ) the initi receiv or the addit receiv , as applic , transfer by the master trust , ( b ) all amount receiv and appli on such receiv after the end of the calendar day on the relat cutoff date , ( c ) all present and futur claim , demand , caus of action and chose in action relat to ani of the properti describ abov and ( d ) all payment on or under and all proce of the properti describ abov . “ materi advers effect ” mean , with respect to ani event or circumst , a materi advers effect on the abil of the applic person to perform it oblig under ani transact document . “ monthli deposit requir rate ” ha the mean state in section 4.3 ( b ) ( i ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ monthli investor report ” ha the mean state in section 3.5 ( a ) ( i ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ moodi ’ s ” mean moodi ’ s investor servic , inc. “ neg carri account ” mean the account or account establish under section 4.1 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement . a-23 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ neg carri deposit amount ” mean , for a payment date dure the revolv period on which amount are in the acquisit account , an amount equal to ( a ) the requir neg carri amount for that payment date minu ( b ) the amount in the neg carri account on that payment date ( befor payment under section 8.2 ( c ) of the indentur on that payment date ) . “ neg carri account draw amount ” mean , for a payment date dure the revolv period : ( a ) if that payment date is not an acquisit date , the lesser of : ( i ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to the total requir payment , plu the reserv deposit amount , plu the acquisit deposit amount , minu the avail fund determin without regard to the neg carri account draw amount or the reserv account draw amount; and ( ii ) the amount in the neg carri account; and ( b ) if the payment date is an acquisit date , the amount in the neg carri account in excess of the requir neg carri amount . “ new upgrad dpp ” ha the mean state in section 4.3 ( g ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ note balanc ” mean , for a note or class , the initi aggreg princip balanc of the note or class minu all amount distribut on the note or class that is appli to princip . “ note interest rate ” mean a per annum rate equal to , for : ( i ) the class a-1a note , 1.85 ( comput on the basi of a 360 day year consist of twelv 30 day month ) , ( ii ) the class a-1b note , one-month libor ( or , upon the occurr of a benchmark transit event , the appropri benchmark replac ) + 0.27 ( comput on the basi of the actual number of day elaps dure the relev interest period and a 360 day year ) , ( iii ) the class b note , 1.98 ( comput on the basi of a 360 day year consist of twelv 30 day month ) , and ( iv ) the class c note , 2.06 ( comput on the basi of a 360 day year consist of twelv 30 day month ) . “ note interest shortfal ” mean , for a class and a payment date , an amount equal to the excess , if ani , of the accru note interest for the payment date immedi preced such payment date for the class over the amount of interest that wa paid to the notehold of that class on the payment date immedi preced such payment date , togeth with interest on the excess amount , to the extent law , at the note interest rate for the class for that interest period . a-24 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ note monthli interest ” mean , for a class and a payment date , the aggreg amount of interest accru on the note balanc of the class at the note interest rate for the class for the relat interest period . “ note owner ” mean , for a book-entri note , the person who is the benefici owner of a book-entri note as reflect on the book of the clear agenc or on the book of a person maintain an account with the clear agenc ( as a direct particip or as an indirect particip , in each case accord to the rule of the clear agenc ) . “ note pay agent ” mean initi the indentur truste and ani other person appoint as note pay agent under section 2.15 of the indentur . “ note pool factor ” mean , for a class and a payment date , a seven-digit decim figur equal to the note balanc of the class after give effect to ani payment of princip of the class on that payment date divid by the initi note balanc of the class . “ note regist ” and “ note registrar ” have the mean state in section 2.4 of the indentur . “ notehold ” mean the person in whose name a note is regist on the note regist . “ notehold tax identif inform ” mean properli complet and sign tax certif ( gener with respect to u.s. feder incom tax , ir form w-9 ( or applic successor form ) in the case of a person that is a “ unit state person ” within the mean of section 7701 ( a ) ( 30 ) of the code or the appropri ir form w-8 ( or applic successor form ) in the case of a person that is not a “ unit state person ” within the mean of section 7701 ( a ) ( 30 ) of the code ) . “ note ” or “ note ” mean , collect or individu , as the context may requir , the class a-1a note , the class a-1b note , the class b note and the class c note . “ obligor ” mean the person that ha sign the account agreement of which the devic payment plan agreement that constitut the receiv is a part and who owe payment under the receiv . “ offic ’ s certif ” mean ( a ) for the issuer , a certif sign by a respons person of the issuer , ( b ) for the depositor , the administr , the market agent , the parent support provid , ani origin or the servic , a certif sign by ani offic of such entiti , as applic , ( c ) for the master trust , a certif sign by a respons person of the master trust and ( d ) for the indentur truste , a certif sign by a respons person of the indentur truste . “ one-month libor ” mean , with respect to ani interest period for which one-month libor is the benchmark , the london interbank offer rate for deposit in u.s. dollar have a matur of one month commenc on the relat libor determin date which appear on the reuter screen libor01 page as of 11:00 a.m. , london time , on such libor a-25 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 determin date; provid , howev , that for the first interest period , one-month libor shall mean an interpol rate for deposit base on london interbank offer rate for deposit in u.s. dollar for a period that correspond to the actual number of day in the first interest period . if the rate use to determin one-month libor do not appear on the reuter screen libor01 page , the rate for that day will be determin on the basi of the rate at which deposit in u.s. dollar , have a matur of one month and in a princip balanc of not less than u.s. 1,000,000 are offer at approxim 11:00 a.m. , london time , on such libor determin date to prime bank in the london interbank market by the refer bank . the administr will request the princip london offic of each refer bank to provid a quotat of it rate to the administr and the indentur truste . if at least two such quotat are provid , the indentur truste will calcul the rate for that day as the arithmet mean of such quot rate to the nearest 1/100,000 of 1.00 ( 0.0000001 ) , with five one-millionth of a percentag point round upward , of all such quotat . if fewer than two such quotat are provid , the indentur truste will calcul the rate for that day as the arithmet mean to the nearest 1/100,000 of 1.00 ( 0.0000001 ) , with five one-millionth of a percentag point round upward , of the offer per annum rate that one or more major bank in new york citi , select by the administr , are quot as of approxim 11:00 a.m. , new york citi time , on such libor determin date to lead european bank for unit state dollar deposit for that maturity; provid that if the administr is not abl to identifi ani major bank in new york citi that are quot as describ in thi sentenc and for the avoid of doubt , regardless of whether other in similar transact are use a differ index , it shall direct the indentur truste to use one-month libor in effect for the applic interest period which will be one-month libor in effect for the previou interest period , and ani such direct will be deem to appli to all subsequ libor determin date unless otherwis direct by the administr . in no event shall the indentur truste be respons for determin one-month libor or ani substitut for one-month libor if such rate doe not appear on reuter screen libor01 page . “ opinion of counsel ” mean a written opinion of counsel ( which may be intern counsel ) which counsel is reason accept to the indentur truste , the owner truste and the rate agenc , as applic . “ option acquisit ” ha the mean state in section 8.1 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ option acquisit amount ” ha the mean state in section 8.1 ( b ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ option redempt ” ha the mean state in section 8.2 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ origin ” mean ( i ) with respect to the initi receiv or the addit receiv , ani of cellco or certain affili of verizon list on schedul b to the origin receiv transfer agreement and ( ii ) with respect to the addit receiv transfer to the depositor pursuant to the origin receiv transfer agreement , ani addit affili of verizon not list on schedul b to the origin receiv transfer agreement a-26 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 that execut an addit origin joinder agreement substanti in the form of exhibit b to the origin receiv transfer agreement; provid , that with respect to ani amount remit by , or caus to be remit by , the market agent pursuant to section 4.3 ( g ) , ( h ) and ( i ) of the transfer and servic agreement , the term “ origin ” shall also mean , with respect to the addit receiv transfer to the depositor pursuant to the master trust receiv transfer agreement , ani addit affili of verizon not list on schedul b to the origin receiv transfer agreement that origin ani such receiv . “ origin reacquisit oblig ” ha the mean state in the parent support agreement . “ origin receiv transfer agreement ” mean the origin receiv transfer agreement , date as of the close date , between the origin parti thereto and the depositor , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ origin transfer properti ” mean , for the close date and ani acquisit date , ( a ) the initi receiv or the addit receiv , as applic , transfer by the origin , ( b ) all amount receiv and appli on such receiv after the end of the calendar day on the relat cutoff date , ( c ) all present and futur claim , demand , caus of action and chose in action relat to ani of the properti describ abov and ( d ) all payment on or under and all proce of the properti describ abov . “ other asset ” mean ani asset ( other than the trust properti ) sold , assign or convey or intend to be sold , assign or convey by the depositor to ani person other than the issuer , whether by way of a sale , capit contribut , pledg or otherwis . “ outstand ” mean , as of a date , all note authent and deliv under the indentur on or befor that date except ( a ) note that have been cancel by the note registrar or deliv to the note registrar for cancel , ( b ) note to the extent the amount necessari to pay the note ha been deposit with the indentur truste or note pay agent in trust for the notehold and , if those note are to be redeem , notic of the redempt ha been given under the indentur , and ( c ) note in exchang for or in place of which other note have been authent and deliv under the indentur unless proof satisfactori to the indentur truste is present that the note are held by a bona fide purchas . in determin whether notehold of the requir note balanc have made or given a request , demand , author , direct , notic , consent or waiver under ani transact document , note own by the issuer , the depositor , the servic or their affili will not be consid to be outstand . howev , note own by the issuer , the depositor , the servic or their affili will be consid to be outstand if ( a ) no other note remain outstand , or ( b ) the note have been pledg in good faith and the pledge establish to the reason satisfact of the indentur truste the pledge ’ s right to act for the note and that the pledge is not the issuer , the depositor , the servic or their affili . “ overcollater ” mean , for ani date of determin other than the close date , the amount by which ( x ) the sum of ( i ) the adjust pool balanc as of the last day of the relat a-27 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 collect period , and ( ii ) the amount on deposit in the acquisit account after give effect to the acquisit of receiv on that date exce ( y ) the aggreg note balanc . “ overcollater target amount ” mean an amount equal to : ( i ) on the close date , 10.50 of the adjust pool balanc as of the initi cutoff date; ( ii ) for ani date of determin ( other than the close date ) , prior to the amort period , on which the pool of receiv meet all of the floor credit enhanc composit test , the greater of ( x ) the result of ( a ) ( i ) the aggreg note balanc , divid by ( ii ) 1 minu 0.1050 , minu ( b ) the aggreg note balanc , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjust pool balanc as of the close date; ( iii ) for ani date of determin ( other than the close date ) , prior to the amort period , on which the pool of receiv doe not meet all of the floor credit enhanc composit test , the greater of ( x ) the result of ( a ) ( i ) the aggreg note balanc , divid by ( ii ) 1 minu 0.1350 , minu ( b ) the aggreg note balanc , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjust pool balanc as of the close date; ( iv ) for ani date of determin , dure the amort period , on which the pool of receiv meet all of the floor credit enhanc composit test , the greater of ( x ) 14.50 of the adjust pool balanc as of the end of the calendar month immedi preced such date of determin , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjust pool balanc as of the close date; or ( v ) for ani date of determin , dure the amort period , on which the pool of receiv doe not meet all of the floor credit enhanc composit test , the greater of ( x ) 17.50 of the adjust pool balanc as of the end of the calendar month immedi preced such date of determin , and ( y ) 1.00 of the adjust pool balanc as of the close date . “ owner truste ” mean wilmington trust , nation associ , a nation bank associ , not in it individu capac but sole as owner truste under the trust agreement . “ owner truste fee ” mean a monthli fee equal to 1/12th of 15,000 , payabl on each payment date . “ parent support agreement ” mean the guaranti , date as of the close date , among the parent support provid , the depositor , the issuer and the indentur truste , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ parent support provid ” mean verizon . a-28 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ payment date ” mean the 20th day of each month or , if not a busi day , the next busi day , start in march 2020. for a collect period , the relat payment date mean the payment date follow the end of the collect period . “ percentag interest ” shall mean , with respect to each certif , the percentag interest in the issuer repres by such certif . “ permit activ ” ha the mean state in section 2.3 ( a ) of the trust agreement . “ permit invest ” mean book-entri secur , negoti instrument or secur repres by instrument in bearer or regist form that evid : ( a ) ( x ) direct or fulli guarante unit state treasuri oblig , ( y ) u.s. depart of hous and urban develop public agenc bond , feder hous administr debentur , govern nation mortgag associ guarante mortgage-back secur or particip certif , refcorp debt oblig , sba-guarante particip certif and guarante pool certif or ( z ) farm credit system consolid systemwid bond and note , feder home loan bank ’ consolid debt oblig , feder home loan mortgag corp. debt oblig and feder nation mortgag associ debt oblig , if , with respect to the invest list in claus ( z ) , they meet the criteria of s & p for collater for secur have rate equival to the respect rate of the note in effect at the close date; ( b ) demand deposit , time deposit , certif of deposit or banker ’ accept of ani depositori institut or trust compani ( i ) incorpor under the law of the unit state or ani state or ani unit state branch or agenc of a foreign bank , ( ii ) subject to supervis and examin by feder or state bank or depositori institut author and ( iii ) where the commerci paper or other short-term unsecur debt oblig ( other than oblig with a rate base on the credit of a person other than the depositori institut or trust compani ) of such depositori institut or trust compani have the requir rating; ( c ) commerci paper , includ asset-back commerci paper , have the requir rating; ( d ) invest in money market fund have a rate in the highest invest grade categori from each of s & p and moodi ’ s ( includ fund for which the indentur truste or the owner truste or ani of their affili is invest manag or advisor ) ; and ( e ) ani other invest that is accept to each rate agenc . “ permit lien ” mean a lien that attach by oper of law , or ani secur interest of the depositor in the origin transfer properti and the master trust transfer properti under the relat receiv transfer agreement , the issuer in the depositor a-29 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 transfer properti under the transfer and servic agreement or the indentur truste in the collater under the indentur . “ person ” mean a legal person , includ a corpor , natur person , joint ventur , limit liabil compani , partnership , trust , busi trust , associ , govern , a depart or agenc of a govern or ani other entiti . “ person identifi inform ” ha the mean state in the asset represent review agreement . “ pool balanc ” mean , for ani collect period , an amount equal to ( i ) the aggreg princip balanc of the receiv on the last day of the collect period immedi preced such collect period ( exclud acquir receiv ) , plu the aggreg princip balanc on the relat cutoff date of ani addit receiv transfer dure the collect period less ( ii ) the aggreg princip balanc of ani temporarili exclud receiv as of the last day of the collect period immedi preced such collect period . “ pool composit test ” mean , for the close date , each payment date and ani acquisit date and with respect to the pool of receiv held by the issuer as of the relat cutoff date , includ ani addit receiv acquir by the issuer on an acquisit date , each of the follow test calcul as of the end of the month preced the month in which such date occur : ( a ) the weight averag fico® score 8 of the obligor with respect to the receiv is at least 685 ( exclud receiv with obligor for whom fico® score 8s are not avail ) , ( b ) receiv with obligor for whom fico® score 8s are not avail repres no more than 5.00 of the pool balanc , ( c ) receiv with obligor that have less than 12 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless repres no more than 28.00 of the pool balanc , ( d ) receiv with obligor that have 7 month or more , but less than 24 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless repres no more than 15.00 of the pool balanc , ( e ) receiv with obligor that have 60 month or more of custom tenur with verizon wireless repres at least 50.00 of the pool balanc , ( f ) receiv with obligor that have less than 12 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico® score 8s are not avail or ( ii ) that have fico® score 8s below 650 , repres no more than 10.00 of the pool balanc , a-30 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( g ) receiv with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico® score 8s are not avail or ( ii ) that have fico® score 8s below 650 , repres no more than 55.00 of the aggreg princip balanc of all receiv with obligor that have 12 month or more , but less than 60 month of custom tenur with verizon wireless , and ( h ) receiv with obligor that have 60 month or more of custom tenur with verizon wireless and ( i ) for whom fico® score 8s are not avail or ( ii ) that have fico® score 8s below 650 , repres no more than 30.00 of the aggreg princip balanc of all receiv with obligor that have 60 month or more of custom tenur with verizon wireless . “ princip balanc ” mean , for a receiv as of the last day of a month , an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to , without duplic : ( a ) the amount financed; minu ( b ) the portion of the amount paid by the relat obligor appli on or befor that date alloc to principal; minu ( c ) ani credit alloc to such receivable; provid that , the princip balanc for ani written-off receiv will be deem to be zero . “ proceed ” mean a suit in equiti , action at law or other judici or administr proceed , or government investig . “ prospectu ” mean the prospectu date as of januari 21 , 2020 , relat to the offer of the note . “ qualifi institut ” mean u.s. bank nation associ , wilmington trust , nation associ , or a trust compani or a bank or depositori institut organ under the law of the unit state or ani state or ani unit state branch or agenc of a foreign bank or depositori institut that ( i ) is subject to supervis and examin by feder or state bank author , ( ii ) ha a short-term deposit rate of “ p-1 ” from moodi ’ s , if rate by moodi ’ s , and “ a-1+ ” from s & p , if rate by s & p , ( iii ) if the institut hold ani bank account , ha a long-term unsecur debt rate or issuer rate of at least “ aa3 ” from moodi ’ s , if rate by moodi ’ s , and at least “ a ” from s & p , if rate by s & p and ( iv ) if the institut is organ under the law of the unit state , whose deposit are insur by the feder deposit insur corpor . “ rate agenc ” mean each of moodi ’ s and s & p . “ rate agenc condit ” mean , for an action or request and with respect to a rate agenc , that , accord to the then-curr polici of the relev rate agenc for that action a-31 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 or request , the rate agenc ha notifi the depositor , the servic , the owner truste and the indentur truste that the propos action or request will not result in a downgrad or withdraw of it then-curr rate on ani of the note . “ receiv ” mean , for a collect period , an initi receiv or an addit receiv , exclud ani devic payment plan agreement that becam an acquir receiv dure a prior collect period or wa a written-off receiv sold under section 3.4 of the transfer and servic agreement dure a prior collect period . “ receiv file ” ha the mean state in section 3.10 ( b ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ receiv transfer agreement ” or “ receiv transfer agreement ” mean , collect or individu , the origin receiv transfer agreement and the master trust receiv transfer agreement , as the context may requir . “ record date ” mean , for a payment date and a book-entri note , the close of busi on the day befor the payment date and , for a payment date and a definit note , the last day of the calendar month immedi preced the month in which the payment date occur and with respect to ani notic , vote or consent , the most recent occur record date for a payment date . “ recoveri ” mean , for ani written-off receiv and a collect period , an amount equal to : ( a ) all amount receiv and appli by the servic dure the collect period for the receiv after the date on which it becam a written-off receiv , includ ani proce from the sale of a devic secur ani receivable; minu ( b ) ani amount paid by the servic for the account of the relat obligor , includ collect expens and other amount paid to third parti , if ani , in connect with collect on the written-off receivable; minu ( c ) amount , if ani , requir by law or under the servic procedur to be paid to the obligor . “ redempt date ” ha the mean state in section 10.1 of the indentur . “ refer bank ” mean , for ani libor determin date , the four major bank in the london interbank market select by the administr . “ refer time ” with respect to ani determin of the benchmark mean ( 1 ) if the benchmark is one-month libor , 11:00 a.m. ( london time ) on the day that is two ( 2 ) london bank day preced the date of such determin , and ( 2 ) if the benchmark is not one- month libor , the time determin by the administr in accord with the benchmark replac conform chang . a-32 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ refer treasuri dealer ” mean ( 1 ) ani independ invest bank or commerci bank institut of nation stand and ani of it successor appoint by verizon; provid , howev , that if ani of the forego shall ceas to be a primari u.s. govern secur dealer in the unit state , refer to as a “ primari treasuri dealer , ” anoth primari treasuri dealer substitut therefor , and ( 2 ) ani other primari treasuri dealer select by an independ invest banker and approv in write by verizon . “ refer treasuri dealer quotat ” mean , with respect to each refer treasuri dealer and ani date of determin , the averag , as determin by the independ invest banker , of the bid and ask price for the compar treasuri issu ( express in each case as a percentag of it princip amount ) quot in write to the independ invest banker at 3:30 p.m. , new york citi time , on the third busi day preced the date of determin . “ regular prioriti princip payment ” mean , for a payment date , an amount equal to the greater of ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to the excess , if ani , of ( a ) the aggreg note balanc of the class a note , the class b note and the class c note as of the immedi preced payment date ( or , for the initi payment date , as of the close date ) , minu the sum of the first prioriti princip payment , the second prioriti princip payment and the third prioriti princip payment for the current payment date , over ( b ) the adjust pool balanc as of the last day of the relat collect period minu the overcollater target amount , and ( b ) on and after the final matur date for ani class of note , the amount that is necessari to reduc the princip amount of each such class , as applic , to zero ( after the applic of ani first prioriti princip payment , second prioriti princip payment and third prioriti princip payment ) . “ regul ab ” mean subpart 229.1100 - asset back secur ( regul ab ) , 17 c.f.r . §§229.1100-229.1125 , as such may be amend from time to time , and subject to such clarif and interpret as have been provid by the commiss in the adopt releas ( asset-back secur , secur act releas no . 33-8518 , 70 fed . reg . 1,506 , 1,531 ( jan. 7 , 2005 ) and asset-back secur disclosur and registr , secur act releas no . 33-9638 , 79 fed . reg . 57,184 ( sept. 24 , 2014 ) ) or by the staff of the commiss , or as may be provid by the commiss or it staff from time to time . “ relev government bodi ” mean the feder reserv board and/or the feder reserv bank of new york , or a committe offici endors or conven by the feder reserv board and/or the feder reserv bank of new york , or ani successor thereto . “ request notehold ” ha the mean state in section 14.1 of the indentur . “ request parti ” ha the mean state in section 11.2 of the transfer and servic agreement . “ requir acquisit deposit amount ” mean , for ani payment date dure the revolv period , an amount equal to the excess , if ani , of ( x ) the aggreg note balanc of the note over ( y ) ( i ) the adjust pool balanc as of the end of the relat collect period minu a-33 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( ii ) the overcollater target amount , after give effect to ani acquisit of addit receiv on such date . “ requir neg carri amount ” mean , for ani payment date dure the revolv period , an amount equal to the product of ( i ) the amount in the acquisit account on the payment date ( after give effect to all payment under section 8.2 ( c ) of the indentur and the acquisit of addit receiv , if ani , on the payment date ) , ( ii ) the weight averag note interest rate and ( iii ) 1/12 . “ requir rate ” mean , for short-term unsecur debt oblig , a rate of ( a ) “ p-1 ” from moodi ’ s and ( b ) “ a-1+ ” from s & p . “ requir reserv amount ” mean 17,877,097.97 , or approxim 1 of the adjust pool balanc as of the initi cutoff date . “ reserv account ” mean the account establish under section 4.1 ( a ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ reserv account draw amount ” mean : ( a ) for each payment date befor the amort period , the lesser of : ( i ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to the total requir payment minu the avail fund determin without regard to the reserv account draw amount; and ( ii ) the amount in the reserv account; and ( b ) for each payment date dure the amort period , an amount equal to the amount in the reserv account , if that amount togeth with avail fund for that payment date is suffici to pay the entir note balanc of the note , all accru and unpaid interest and ani unpaid make-whol payment and all other amount to be distribut to the secur parti under the indentur and the transfer and servic agreement in full . “ reserv deposit amount ” mean , for a payment date , an amount equal to ( a ) the requir reserv amount minu ( b ) the amount in the reserv account on the payment date ( befor payment under section 8.2 ( c ) of the indentur on that payment date ) . “ residu interest ” mean an “ elig horizont residu interest ” ( as defin in the u.s. credit risk retent rule ) equal to at least 5 of the fair valu of all of the “ ab interest ” ( as defin in the u.s. credit risk retent rule ) in the issuer issu as part of the transact contempl by the transact document , determin as of the close date use a fair valu measur framework under unit state gener accept account principl . a-34 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ respons person ” mean : ( a ) for the administr , the depositor , the sponsor , the servic , the market agent , the parent support provid or ani origin , a person design in an offic ’ s certif of the person or other notic sign by an offic of the person author to act for the person or ani treasur , assist treasur or corpor secretari of such person that ha respons for the matter; ( b ) for the issuer , an offic in the corpor trust offic of the owner truste , ani offic of the owner truste to whom ani matter is refer becaus of the offic ’ s knowledg of and familiar with the matter , and a respons person of the administrator; ( c ) for the master trust , an offic in the corpor trust offic of the master trust owner truste , ani offic of the master trust owner truste to whom ani matter is refer becaus of the offic ’ s knowledg of and familiar with the matter , and a respons person of the master trust administrator; and ( d ) for the indentur truste or the owner truste , an offic in the corpor trust offic of the indentur truste or the owner truste , as applic , includ each vice presid , assist vice presid , secretari , assist secretari or other offic customarili perform function similar to those perform by those offic list abov , and ani offic of the indentur truste or the owner truste , as applic , to whom ani matter is refer becaus of the offic ’ s knowledg of and familiar with the matter , and in each case , have direct respons for the administr of the transact document . “ review ” ha the mean state in the asset represent review agreement . “ review materi ” ha the mean state in the asset represent review agreement . “ review notic ” ha the mean state in the asset represent review agreement . “ review receiv ” ha the mean state in the asset represent review agreement . “ review report ” mean , for an asset represent review , the report of the asset represent review describ in section 3.5 of the asset represent review agreement . “ revolv period ” mean the period from the close date to the start of the amort period . “ s & p ” mean s & p global rate . a-35 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ sarban certif ” ha the mean state in section 6.7 ( a ) ( iv ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ schedul of receiv ” mean ( a ) the schedul identifi the initi receiv attach as schedul a to each receiv transfer agreement and schedul a to each of the transfer and servic agreement and the indentur or the electron file with respect thereto deliv on the close date , and ( b ) each schedul identifi ani addit receiv attach as schedul a to ani transfer notic or the electron file with respect thereto deliv by the depositor , or the administr on it behalf , to the issuer and the indentur truste for an acquisit date . “ second prioriti princip payment ” mean , for a payment date , the greater of : ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to : ( i ) the aggreg note balanc of the class a note and the class b note as of the immedi preced payment date ( or , for the initi payment date , as of the close date ) ; minu ( ii ) the adjust pool balance; minu ( iii ) the first prioriti princip payment; and ( b ) on and after the final matur date for the class b note , the note balanc of the class b note until paid in full . “ secur parti ” mean the indentur truste , for the benefit of the notehold . “ secur account ” mean each bank account subject to the term of the account control agreement . “ secur act ” mean the secur act of 1933 , as amend . “ secur intermediari ” mean u.s. bank nation associ . “ servic ” mean cellco or ani successor servic engag under section 7.4 of the transfer and servic agreement . “ servic acquisit oblig ” ha the mean state in the parent support agreement . “ servic deposit oblig ” ha the mean state in the parent support agreement . “ servic represent oblig ” ha the mean state in the parent support agreement . a-36 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ servic termin event ” ha the mean state in section 7.2 of the transfer and servic agreement . “ servic ’ s certif ” mean an offic ’ s certif of the servic deliv pursuant to section 6.6 of the transfer and servic agreement . “ servic criteria ” mean the “ servic criteria ” set forth in item 1122 ( d ) of regul ab , as such may be amend from time to time . “ servic fee ” mean , for a collect period , the fee payabl to the servic in an amount equal to the product of : ( a ) one-twelfth of the servic fee rate; time ( b ) the adjust pool balanc at the begin of the full calendar month immedi preced such payment date; provid , that the servic fee for the initi payment date will equal the product of ( i ) a fraction , the numer of which is the number of day from and includ the close date to and includ the last day of the first collect period and the denomin of which is 360 , and ( ii ) the servic fee rate time the adjust pool balanc as of the close date . “ servic fee rate ” mean 0.75 . “ servic procedur ” mean the servic procedur of cellco relat to devic payment plan agreement origin by the origin , as amend or modifi from time to time . “ similar law ” mean ani feder , state , local or non-u.s. law or regul that is substanti similar to titl i of erisa or section 4975 of the code . “ sofr ” with respect to ani day mean the secur overnight financ rate publish for such day by the feder reserv bank of new york , as the benchmark administr for sofr ( or a successor benchmark administr ) . “ solvent ” mean , with respect to ani person and as of ani particular date , that ( i ) the present fair market valu ( or present fair saleabl valu ) of the asset of such person is not less than the total amount requir to pay the probabl liabil of such person on it total exist debt and liabil ( includ conting liabil ) as they becom absolut and matur , ( ii ) such person is abl to realiz upon it asset and pay it debt and other liabil , conting oblig and commit as they matur and becom due in the normal cours of busi and ( iii ) such person is not incur debt or liabil beyond it abil to pay such debt and liabil as they matur . “ sponsor ” mean cellco . a-37 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ state ” mean a state or commonwealth of the unit state of america , or the district of columbia . “ subcontractor ” mean ani vendor , subcontractor or other person that is not respons for the overal servic ( as “ servic ” is commonli understood by particip in the asset-back secur market ) of the receiv but perform one or more discret function identifi in the servic criteria with respect to the receiv under the direct or author of the servic or a subservic . “ subservic ” mean ani person that servic receiv on behalf of the servic or ani subservic and is respons for the perform ( whether directli or through subservic or subcontractor ) of a substanti portion of the materi servic function requir to be perform by the servic under thi agreement that are identifi in the servic criteria . “ successor servic ” ha the mean state in section 7.4 ( a ) ( i ) of the transfer and servic agreement . “ supplement servic fee ” mean , for a collect period , all net recoveri , late fee , prepay charg , extens fee and other administr fee or similar charg on the receiv . “ temporarili exclud receiv ” mean ani receiv deem to be temporarili exclud by the administr from ani calcul requir to be made by the administr or the servic pursuant to and in accord with the term of the transact document . “ temporarili exclud receiv servic fee ” mean , for a collect period , the fee payabl to the servic in an amount equal to the product of : ( a ) one-twelfth of the servic fee rate; time ( b ) the aggreg princip balanc of all temporarili exclud receiv at the begin of the calendar month immedi preced such collect period . “ term sofr ” mean the forward-look term rate for the applic correspond tenor base on sofr that ha been select or recommend by the relev government bodi . “ third prioriti princip payment ” mean , for a payment date , the greater of : ( a ) an amount ( not less than zero ) equal to : ( i ) the aggreg note balanc of the class a note , the class b note and the class c note as of the immedi preced payment date ( or , for the initi payment date , as of the close date ) ; minu ( ii ) the adjust pool balance; minu a-38 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 ( iii ) the first prioriti princip payment; minu ( iv ) the second prioriti princip payment; and ( b ) on and after the final matur date for the class c note , the note balanc of the class c note until paid in full . “ total requir payment ” mean , ( a ) for a payment date and the reserv account draw amount , the sum of the amount set forth in section 8.2 ( c ) ( i ) through ( viii ) of the indenture; and ( b ) for a payment date and the neg carri account draw amount , the sum of the amount set forth in section 8.2 ( c ) ( i ) through ( xiii ) of the indentur . follow an event of default and an acceler of the note or an insolv event or dissolut of the depositor , until the note balanc of each class of note have been paid in full , the total requir payment will also includ the aggreg note balanc of all note . “ transact document ” mean the certif of trust , the trust agreement , the receiv transfer agreement , the transfer and servic agreement , the indentur , the administr agreement , the asset represent review agreement , the parent support agreement , the underwrit agreement , the market agent agenc agreement , the depositori agreement , the cap agreement and the account control agreement . “ transfer and servic agreement ” mean the transfer and servic agreement , date as of the close date , among the issuer , the depositor and cellco as servic , market agent and custodian , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ transfer notic ” mean the notic to the issuer , the depositor and the indentur truste regard the acquisit of addit receiv under section 2.1 ( d ) of each of the receiv transfer agreement , substanti in the form of exhibit a to each such receiv transfer agreement . “ treasuri rate ” mean , for ani payment date on which a make-whol payment is to be made , the rate determin on the third busi day preced such payment date equal to : ( i ) the yield , under the head which repres the averag for the immedi preced week , appear in the most recent publish statist releas publish by the board of governor of the feder reserv system design as “ statist releas h. 15 ( 519 ) ” or ani successor public which is publish weekli by the board of governor of the feder reserv system and which establish yield on activ trade unit state treasuri secur adjust to constant matur under the caption “ treasuri constant matur , ” for the matur correspond to the compar treasuri issu ( if no matur is within three month befor or after the remain life ( as defin in the definit of compar treasuri issu ) , yield for the two publish a-39 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 matur most close correspond to the compar treasuri issu will be determin and the treasuri rate will be interpol or extrapol from those yield on a straightlin basi , round to the nearest month ) , or ( ii ) if that releas ( or ani successor releas ) is not publish dure the week preced the calcul date or doe not contain those yield , the rate per annum equal to the semiannu equival yield to matur of the compar treasuri issu , calcul use a price for the compar treasuri issu ( express as a percentag of it princip amount ) equal to the compar treasuri price for the date of redempt . “ treasuri regul ” shall mean regul , includ propos or temporari regul , promulg under the code . refer herein to specif provis of propos or temporari regul shall includ analog provis of final treasuri regul or other successor treasuri regul . “ true up trust ” mean verizon dppa true up trust , a delawar statutori trust , or it successor or assign . “ trust agreement ” mean the amend and restat trust agreement , date as of the close date , between the depositor and the owner truste , as amend , restat , supplement or modifi from time to time . “ trust indentur act ” or “ tia ” mean the trust indentur act of 1939 as in forc on the date hereof , unless otherwis specif provid . “ trust properti ” mean the initi trust properti and ani addit trust properti . “ trust regist ” ha the mean state in section 3.3 ( a ) of the trust agreement . “ trust registrar ” ha the mean state in section 3.3 ( a ) of the trust agreement . “ u. . credit risk retent rule ” mean regul rr , 17 c.f.r . §246.1 , et seq . “ ucc ” mean the uniform commerci code as in effect in ani relev jurisdict . “ unadjust benchmark replac ” mean the benchmark replac exclud the benchmark replac adjust . “ underwrit agreement ” mean the underwrit agreement , date as of januari 21 , 2020 , by and among the depositor , cellco and each of bofa secur , inc. , mizuho secur usa llc , mufg secur america inc. and well fargo secur , llc , each on it own behalf and as a repres of the sever underwrit identifi therein . “ underwrit procedur ” mean the underwrit procedur of the origin , as establish by cellco , relat to devic payment plan agreement origin by the origin , as such underwrit procedur may be amend or modifi from time to time . a-40 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 “ upgrad contract ” ha the mean state in the glossari of the market agent agenc agreement . “ upgrad offer ” mean the annual upgrad offer or ani other upgrad offer extend by verizon wireless to an exist obligor under which such obligor can upgrad a devic that is the subject of a devic payment plan agreement if the term and condit specifi in such offer are satisfi . “ upgrad payment ” mean a prepay amount equal to the remain unpaid princip balanc of the relat receiv determin as of the date of the relev upgrad , after give effect to ani prepay made by the relat obligor in connect with the relat upgrad offer . “ verifi note owner ” ha the mean state in section 14.1 of the indentur . “ verizon ” mean verizon commun inc. , a delawar corpor . “ verizon origin ” mean the variou subsidiari and affili of cellco list on schedul i to the market agent agenc agreement . “ verizon wireless ” mean the wireless busi of verizon , oper by cellco and variou other subsidiari of verizon , includ the origin , under the verizon wireless brand . “ written-off receiv ” mean ani receiv that in accord with the servic procedur ha been charg off or written off by the servic . “ yield amount ” mean , for each receiv on the close date , on each payment date and on each acquisit date other than a payment date , the amount by which ( x ) the princip balanc as of the last day of the relat collect period or as of the applic cutoff date , as applic , for such receiv exce ( y ) the present valu of the futur schedul payment on the receiv as of the last day of the relat collect period ( or as of the applic cutoff date , for the first payment date for the receiv ) calcul use the discount rate . for purpos of thi calcul , the futur schedul payment on each receiv are the equal monthli payment that would reduc the receiv ’ s princip balanc as of the relat cutoff date to zero on the receiv ’ s final schedul payment date , at an interest rate equal to the apr of the receiv , which payment are receiv at the end of each month without ani delay , default or prepay . “ yield supplement overcollater amount ” mean , for the close date , for each payment date and for each acquisit date other than a payment date , an amount calcul as the sum of the yield amount for all receiv own by the issuer with an apr as state in the relat devic payment plan agreement of less than 7.65. a-41 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 exhibit a custodian ’ s secur requir ( see attach ) ea-1 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 exhibit b form of annual certif re : the transfer and servic agreement , date as of januari 29 , 2020 ( the “ agreement ” ) , among verizon owner trust 2020-a ( the “ issuer ” ) , verizon ab llc ( the “ depositor ” ) , and cellco partnership d/b/a verizon wireless ( “ cellco ” ) , as servic ( in such capac , the “ servic ” ) , as market agent and as custodian . i , ________________________________ , the _____________of __________ [ name of compani ] ( the “ compani ” ) , certifi to the issuer , the administr and the depositor , and their offic , with the knowledg and intent that they will reli upon thi certif , that : ( 1 ) i have review the servic complianc statement of the compani provid in accord with item 1123 of regul ab ( the “ complianc statement ” ) , the report on assess of the compani ’ s complianc with the servic criteria set forth in item 1122 ( d ) of regul ab ( the “ servic criteria ” ) , provid in accord with rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 under secur exchang act of 1934 , as amend ( the “ exchang act ” ) and item 1122 of regul ab ( the “ servic assess ” ) , the regist public account firm ’ s attest report provid in accord with rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 under the exchang act and section 1122 ( b ) of regul ab ( the “ attest report ” ) , and all servic report , offic ’ s certif and other inform relat to the servic of the receiv by the compani dure 20 [ __ ] that were deliv by the compani to the issuer and the depositor pursuant to the agreement ( collect , the “ compani servic inform ” ) ; ( 2 ) base on my knowledg , the compani servic inform , taken as a whole , doe not contain ani untru statement of a materi fact or omit to state a materi fact necessari to make the statement made , in the light of the circumst under which such statement were made , not mislead with respect to the period of time cover by the compani servic information; ( 3 ) base on my knowledg , all of the compani servic inform requir to be provid by the compani under the agreement ha been provid to the issuer and the depositor; ( 4 ) i am respons for review the activ perform by the compani as servic under the agreement , and base on my knowledg and the complianc review conduct in prepar the complianc statement [ and except as disclos in the complianc statement , the servic assess or the attest report , ] the compani ha fulfil it oblig under the agreement in all materi respects; and ( 5 ) the complianc statement requir to be deliv by the compani pursuant to the agreement , and each servic assess and attest report requir to be provid by the compani and by ani subservic or subcontractor pursuant to the agreement , have been provid to the issuer , the administr , the depositor , the indentur truste and the owner truste . ani materi instanc of eb-1 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020 noncompli with the servic criteria have been disclos in such report and have been disclos to the issuer , the administr and the depositor . capit term use herein and not otherwis defin have the mean given to such term in the agreement . date : _________________________ by : ___________________________ name : titl : eb-2 sourc : verizon ab llc , 8-k , 1/23/2020