sponsorship agreement thi agreement ( the `` agreement '' ) is made effect thi 1st day of april , 2018 ( `` effect date '' ) between fruit of life product llc , ( `` promot '' ) and eco scienc solut , inc. , ( `` sponsor '' ) , 1135 makawao avenu , suit 103-188 , makawao , hawaii , 96768. contribut by sponsor : in consider for the right to sponsor the kaya fest and to be acknowledg by fruit of life product llc. , as a promot of the event dure the term of thi agreement , sponsor agre to contract with fruit of life product llc. , for the amount of 250,000.00 to be paid in full upon sign of thi agreement . bank wire transform inform see attach wire instruct sponsorship benefit for present partner sponsor : main stage name after your brand 4 10x10 on site vendor booth 50 vip sponsor pass / 50 ga ticket for both day 4 park pass opportun to particip in after parti banner placement in venu ( 10 ) approv audio/video asset to be provid as promot use for herbo name and phrase call out on stage between perform set your logo and a link from our websit to your websit your logo on video wall your compani name and logo as a present sponsor banner at main entranc of venu on stage banner placement logo in backstage/vip area mention on social media logo on step and repeat logo on all promot print term and termin : the term of thi agreement will begin on april 1 , 2018 and continu until april 30 , 2018 at 11:59pm . relationship of parti : the parti are independ contractor with respect to one anoth . noth in thi agreement shall creat ani associ , joint ventur , partnership or agenc relationship of ani kind between the parti . sourc : eco scienc solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/6/2018 intellectu properti : fruit of life product llc is the sole owner of all right , titl and interest to all kaya fest inform includ logo , tag line , ( educ befor recreat ) , trademark , trade name and copyright inform . sponsor agre that it will not use kaya fest properti in a manner that state or impli that kaya fest endors sponsor ( or sponsor product or servic ) without written approv from fruit of life product llc . idemnif : sponsor shall indemnifi and hold harmless , fruit of life product llc , it relat entiti , partner , agent , offic , director , employe , attorney , heir , successor , and assign from against ani and all claim , loss , damag , judgment , settlement , cost and expens ( includ reason attorney 's fee and expens ) , and liabil of everi kind incur as a result of : ( i ) ani act or omiss by sponsor or it offic , director , entiti , employe , agents; ( ii ) ani use of sponsor 's name , logo , websit , or other inform , product , or servic provid by sponsor; and/or ( iii ) the inaccuraci or breach of ani of the coven , represent and warranti made by sponsor in thi agreement . ( iv ) ani chang in compani valu or brand valu . the attend and market reach estim made in negoti were made for the purpos of thi agreement are mere estim and not be interpret as guaranti . . confidenti confidenti inform is all inform that is mark such and all other inform which a reason person would consid to be confidenti . confidenti inform shall includ , but is not limit to , inform regard the organ , it oper , program , activ , financi condit , strategi , timelin , corporate/program roadmap , surpris performers/guest appear , event access inform and membership or custom list . dure the term , each parti shall use and reproduc the other parti 's confidenti inform onli for purpos of thi agreement with written author by disclos parti , and onli to the extent necessari for such purpos . each parti shall restrict disclosur of the other parti 's confidenti inform to it employe and agent with a reason need to know such confidenti inform , and shall not disclos the other parti 's confidenti inform to ani third parti without the prior written consent of the other parti . cancel : kaya fest shall not be liabl to ani sponsor for loss aris out of , or the inabl to perform it oblig under the term of thi sponsorship propos due to act of god , which includ , that are not limit to , fire , flood , tornado , hurrican , sever increment weather , strike , medic failur , or ani other act beyond the control of kaya fest . exhibit : sponsor are bound by the same term and condit , if exhibit , as all other vendor of event . sponsor must have their own liabil insur with limit of one million dollar . banner : sponsor are respons for creat their own banner . banner placement will be determin by the promot . sponsor are respons for the hang of their banner and remov after the event . banner must be respons secur and not have ani danger edges/stick that may not caus harm if use inappropri . gener provis : warranti : each parti coven , warrant and repres that it shall compli with all law and regul applic to thi agreement perform of it oblig , and that it shall exercis due care and act in good faith at all time in the perform of it oblig hereund . the provis of thi section shall surviv termin of thi agreement . thi agreement is not an attempt to give legal advic or constraint as it relat to florida law and cannabis/marijuana law in ani jurisdict . the sponsor understand that they are free to seek legal advic on the content of thi agreement and applic law from independ counsel . bind effect : thi agreement shall bind the parti , their respect heir , person repres , successor and assign . sourc : eco scienc solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/6/2018 govern law : thi agreement shall be govern by and interpret in accord with the law of the state of florida , without regard to it conflict-of-law or choice-of law principl . in case of a disput , the parti agre to pursu arbitr as the prefer method to seek a remedi and the parti waiv the right to a juri trial . assign : thi agreement , or the right grant under it , may not be assign transfer or sublicens by either parti without the express prior written consent of the other parti . entir agreement : thi agreement and it attach constitut the entir agreement between the parti and supersed all prior agreement , oral or written , relat to the sponsorship . thi agreement may onli be admit in a write sign by both parti . the agreement is confidenti , and the parti agre not to file or record in public record . notic : all notic given under thi agreement shall be in write , address to the parti at the address set forth below , and shall be deem to have the duli given when deliv when sent by overnight courier , or certifi mail ( return receipt request ) . fruit of life product llc ( promot ) address : 16115 sw 117th ave. suit 21-a miami , florida 33177 ecosci solut , inc. ( sponsor ) address : 1135 makawao avenu , suit 103-188 makawao , hawaii 96768 the sponsor agre that upon accept , thi agreement shall be deem to form and bind contract between the sponsor and promot . the sponsor agre to abid by the term set forth in the term and condit of sponsorship agreement . all parti have execut thi agreement through their duli author repres as of the first date written below . sponsor : eco scienc solut , inc. by : /s/jefferi taylor name : jefferi taylor titl : ceo date : 4/01/2018 promot : fruit of life product llc : by : /s/stella mclaughlan name : stella mclaughlan titl : event coordin date : 4/01/2018 sourc : eco scienc solut , inc. , 8-k , 4/6/2018