exhibit 10.22 strateg allianc agreement ( hyatt ziva cancun ) thi strateg allianc agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into as of decemb 14 , 2016 ( the “ effect date ” ) , by and between hyatt franchis latin america , l.l.c. , a limit liabil compani organ and exist under the law of the state of delawar ( u.s.a. ) with it princip place of busi locat at 71 south wacker drive , chicago , illinoi 60606 , u.s.a. ( “ hyatt ” ) , and playa hotel & resort , b.v. , a privat limit liabil compani organ and exist under the law of the netherland with it regist address at prin bernhardplein 200 , 1097 jb amsterdam , the netherland ( “ playa ” ) . hyatt and playa are each refer to as a “ parti ” and collect as the “ parties. ” r e c i t a l s : wherea , hyatt and playa are parti to that certain master develop agreement date as of august 9 , 2013 ( as amend , the “ master develop agreement ” ) under which hyatt grant playa the exclus ( to the extent set forth therein ) right , provid that playa met certain condit , to develop all-inclus resort under either or both of the hyatt ziva® or hyatt zilara® brand and other aspect of the proprietari system own by hyatt or it affili ( “ hyatt all-inclus resort ” ) in the countri of mexico , costa rica , the dominican republ , jamaica and panama , as their boundari exist as of the effect date ( the “ market area ” ) ; and wherea , simultan with sign thi agreement , hyatt and playa or it affili are termin the master develop agreement and sign amend to the follow franchis agreement ( collect , the “ exist franchis agreement ” ) cover the follow hyatt all-inclus resort : • franchis agreement date as of august 9 , 2013 , amend and restat on januari 31 , 2014 between hyatt and playa hall jamaican resort limit for the oper of the hyatt ziva/zilara® resort at 1 ritz-carlton drive , rose hall , montego bay , jamaica • franchis agreement date as of august 9 , 2013 , amend and restat on januari 31 , 2014 between hyatt and playa cabo baja , s. de r.l. de c.v . for the oper of the hyatt ziva® resort at paseo de malecón i-5 d , san josé del cabo , 23405 , mexico • franchis agreement date as of august 9 , 2013 , amend and restat on januari 31 , 2014 between hyatt and cameron del pacifico s. de r.l. de c.v. for the oper of the hyatt ziva® resort at carretera barra de navidad km . 3.5 , zona hotelera , 48300 , puerto vallarta , jalisco , mexico • franchis agreement date as of august 9 , 2013 , amend and restat on januari 31 , 2014 between hyatt and cameron del carib s. de r.l. de c.v. for the oper of the hyatt ziva® resort at blvd . kukulkan km 9.5 , zona hotelera , punta cancún , 77500 , cancún , quintana roo , mexico • franchis agreement date as of august 9 , 2013 , amend and restat on januari 31 , 2014 between hyatt and the royal cancun s. de r.l. de c.v. for the oper of the hyatt zilara® resort at blvd . kukulkan km 11.5 , zona hotelera , 77500 cancún , quintana roo , mexico; and wherea , hyatt and playa have agre to termin the master develop agreement and to enter into thi agreement . now , therefor , in consider of the mutual coven and agreement contain in thi amend and for other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg , the parti agre as follow : 1. first offer for develop opportun . dure the period begin on the effect date and end on decemb 31 , 2018 ( the “ develop term ” ) , each parti ( the “ offer parti ” ) agre to provid to the other parti ( the “ receiv parti ” ) a right of first offer with respect to ani propos offer or arrang , which the offer parti ( or it affili ) desir to accept , under which the offer parti or one of it affili would acquir the ownership of real properti in the market area ( the “ develop properti ” ) on which a hyatt all-inclus resort would oper ( a “ develop opportun ” ) . if the offer parti is requir to offer the receiv parti a develop opportun pursuant to thi section 1 , the offer parti must deliv written notic to the receiv parti , togeth with reason due dilig inform in the offer parti ’ s possess to enabl the receiv parti to evalu the develop opportun ( collect , the “ offer notic ” ) . the receiv parti will have ten ( 10 ) busi day after receiv the offer notic to notifi the offer parti whether the receiv parti exercis it right of first offer for that develop opportun . if the receiv parti and exercis it right of first offer hereund , and : ( a ) if the receiv parti is playa , then playa ( or it affili ) and hyatt ’ s affili shall negoti in good faith the term of a manag agreement and relat document under which playa ( or it affili ) would manag a hyatt all-inclus resort on the develop properti ( subject to a franchis agreement between hyatt and the affili of hyatt that would own the develop properti ) , provid that hyatt ’ s affili acquir the develop properti on term accept to it within sixti ( 60 ) day after deliveri of the offer notic , and ( b ) if the receiv parti is hyatt , then playa or it affili shall negoti in good faith the term of a franchis agreement and relat document for the oper ( and , if applic , develop ) of the hyatt all-inclus resort on the develop properti , provid that playa ’ s affili acquir the develop properti on term accept to it within sixti ( 60 ) day after deliveri of the offer notic . if the receiv parti declin it right of first offer with respect to ani develop opportun , or fail to notifi the offer parti of it decis within the ten ( 10 ) business-day period describ abov , or if hyatt ’ s affili or playa ’ s affili ( as applic ) fail to acquir the develop properti within the sixti ( 60 ) -day period describ abov , then the right of first offer with respect to that develop opportun shall expir , and the offer parti thereaft may acquir , develop and/or oper ( and/or grant ani other person or entiti the right to acquir , develop and/or oper ) an all-inclus resort or other busi on the develop properti without ani restrict under thi agreement , subject to ani restrict under ani exist franchis agreement or other agreement between hyatt ( or it affili ) and playa ( or it affili ) . 2. introduct to other opportun . if a third parti ( who is not an affili of hyatt ) approach hyatt dure the develop term with a propos offer or arrang , which hyatt desir to accept , under which the third parti would oper a hyatt all-inclus resort in the market area , and if that third parti ha not then alreadi design a manag compani to oper that hyatt all-inclus resort , then hyatt agre to provid notic to playa and introduc playa to that third parti for purpos of enabl playa ( at it option ) to negoti for the opportun to manag that hyatt all-inclus resort for that third parti . similarli , if a third parti ( who is not an affili of playa ) approach playa dure the develop term with a propos offer or arrang , which playa desir to accept , under which playa or it affili would manag an all- inclus resort in the market area for that third parti , and if that third parti ha not then alreadi design a brand under which that all-inclus resort would oper , then playa agre to provid notic to hyatt and introduc hyatt to that third parti for purpos of enabl hyatt ( at it option ) to negoti for the opportun to provid that third parti franchis right to brand that resort as a hyatt all-inclus resort . 3. notic . ani notic requir under thi agreement to be given by either parti to the other parti shall be in write in the english languag . ani requir notic shall be effect two busi day after it is sent by a recogn intern courier servic to the address of the other parti state in thi agreement , or such other address as shall be notifi to the other parti in write , and ani receipt issu by the courier servic shall be conclus evid of the fact and date of send of ani such notic . contact detail of the parti are as follow : for hyatt : hyatt franchis latin america hyatt hotel corpor hyatt center – 12th floor 71 south wacker drive chicago , illinoi 60606 u.s.a. attent : svp latin america develop with a copi to : hyatt hotel corpor hyatt center – 12th floor 71 south wacker drive chicago , illinoi 60606 u.s.a. attent : execut vice presid , gener counsel for playa : playa hotel & resort , b.v. c/o playa manag usa llc playa hotel & resort 1560 sawgrass corpor parkway , suit 310 fort lauderdal , florida 33323 attent : gener counsel or to such other address and to the attent of such person as the parti may design by like notic hereund . 4. choic of law. all matter relat to arbitr will be govern by the feder arbitr act ( 9 u.s.c. section 1 et seq. ) . except to the extent govern by the feder arbitr act or other feder law , thi agreement and all claim aris from the relationship between hyatt ( and/or ani of it affili ) and playa ( and/or ani of it affili ) under thi agreement will be govern by the law of the state of illinoi ( u.s.a. ) , without regard to it conflict of law rule , except that ani illinoi law or ani other law regul the offer or sale of franchis , busi opportun , or similar interest , or govern the relationship between a franchisor and a franchise or ani similar relationship , will not appli unless it jurisdict requir are met independ without refer to thi section 4 . 5. disput resolut . ( a ) all disput aris out of or in connect with thi agreement shall to the extent possibl be settl amic by negoti between the parti within fifteen ( 15 ) day from the date of written notic by either parti of the exist of such disput , and , fail such amic settlement , shall be final settl by arbitr under the rule of arbitr of the intern chamber of commerc ( “ rule ” ) . to the extent there is ani conflict between the rule and the feder arbitr act as it pertain to such arbitr , the rule shall prevail . ( b ) the arbitr panel shall consist of : ( i ) one arbitr in the event the aggreg damag sought by the claimant are state to be less than five hundr thousand us dollar ( us500,000 ) , and the aggreg damag sought by the counter-claim are state to be less than five hundr thousand us dollar ( us500,000 ) ; or ( ii ) three arbitr in the event the aggreg damag sought by the claimant are state to be equal to or exceed five hundr thousand us dollar ( us500,000 ) , or the aggreg damag sought by the counterclaim are state to be equal to or exceed five hundr thousand us dollar ( us500,000 ) . each arbitr ( 1 ) shall have no fewer than ten ( 10 ) year ’ experi in the intern hotel busi , ( 2 ) shall be licens to practic law in the unit state , and ( 3 ) shall not be a person , or an affili of a person , who ha ani past , present or current contempl futur busi or person relationship with either playa , hyatt or ani of their respect affili . ( c ) the place of arbitr shall be new york , new york ( usa ) . ( d ) the languag to be use in the arbitr shall be english . ( e ) the arbitr ( s ) shall have the power to grant ani remedi or relief that they deem just and equit , includ injunct relief , whether interim and/or final , and ani provision measur order by the arbitr ( s ) may be specif enforc by ani court of compet jurisdict . each parti hereto retain the right to seek interim measur from a judici or other government author , and ani such request shall not be deem incompat with the agreement to arbitr or a waiver of the right to arbitr . ( f ) an arbitr tribun constitut under thi agreement may , unless consolid would prejudic the right of ani parti , consolid an arbitr hereund with an arbitr under ani franchis agreement between hyatt ( or it affili ) and playa ( or it affili ) , if the arbitr proceed rais common question of law or fact . if two or more arbitr tribun under these agreement issu consolid order , the order issu first shall prevail . ( g ) the parti agre that the award ( s ) shall be bind upon hyatt and playa and each parti ’ s parent compani or compani ( and all other affili ) , princip , successor , and assign , and that judgment on the award ( s ) may be enter in ani court of compet jurisdict , and the parti waiv ani person jurisdict object for the purpos of ani enforc proceed under the 1958 unit nation convent on the recognit of enforc of foreign arbitr award . the arbitr ( s ) may not award damag in excess of compensatori damag or otherwis in violat of the waiver in thi agreement . ( h ) ani award ( s ) shall be payabl in u.s. dollar . in the event that monetari damag are award , the award ( s ) shall includ interest from the date of default to the date of payment of the award in full . the arbitr ( s ) shall fix an appropri rate of interest , compound annual , which in no event shall be lower than the prime commerci lend rate charg by hyatt ’ s primari bank ( as hyatt may design from time to time ) , to it most creditworthi commerci borrow , averag over the period from the date of the default to the date of the award . ( i ) ani award ( s ) render by the arbitr ( s ) shall be final and bind on the parti , and each parti herebi waiv to the fullest extent permit by law ani right it may otherwis have under the law of ani jurisdict to ani form of appeal or collater attack or to seek determin of a preliminari point of law by ani court ( includ ani court within the market area or elsewher ) . ( j ) the prevail parti in ani arbitr aris out of or relat to thi agreement shall be entitl to recov from the lose parti all reason fee , cost and expens incur by the prevail parti in connect with such arbitr ( includ ani action to enforc ani award ( s ) or ani of the provis of thi section 5 ) . if a parti prevail on some , but not all , of it claim , such parti shall be entitl to recov an equit amount of such fee , cost and expens as determin by the arbitr ( s ) . all amount recov by the prevail parti under thi subsect shall be separ from , and in addit to , ani other amount includ in ani award ( s ) render in favor of such parti pursuant to thi section 5 . ( k ) except as may be requir by law , neither a parti nor it repres nor a wit nor an arbitr may disclos the exist , content , or result of ani arbitr or amic settlement under thi section 5 ( collect , “ disput inform ” ) without the prior written consent of both parti . each parti shall ensur that the disput inform is not disclos to the press or to ani other third person or entiti without the prior consent of the other parti . the parti shall coordin with one anoth on all public statement , whether written or oral and no matter how dissemin , regard the disput inform . 6. entir agreement . thi agreement constitut the entir agreement between the parti with respect to the subject matter of thi agreement and supersed all prior understand and write between the parti . no parti may reli on ani alleg oral or written understand , agreement , or represent not contain in thi agreement . ani polici that either parti adopt and implement from time to time to guid them in their decision-mak are subject to chang , are not a part of thi agreement , and are not bind on them . 7. represent and warranti . each parti repres and warrant that neither the execut of thi agreement nor the complet of the transact contempl herebi and therebi will ( a ) violat ani provis of applic law or ani judgment , writ , injunct , order or decre of ani court or government author have jurisdict over it; ( b ) caus a breach or default under ani indentur , contract , other commit or restrict to which it is a parti or by which it is bound; or ( c ) requir ani file , consent , vote or approv which ha not been taken , or at the time when the transact involv shall not have been given or taken . each parti repres and warrant that as of the date hereof it ha the full compani power and author to enter into thi agreement and to perform it respect oblig under thi agreement , and that such parti ’ s execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement have been duli author by all necessari action on the part of such parti . 8. amend . the provis of thi agreement shall not be supplement or amend except by an instrument in write execut and deliv by both parti . 9. waiver . failur of either parti at ani time to requir the perform by the other parti of ani provis hereof shall in no way affect the full right to requir such perform at ani time thereaft . hyatt and playa will not waiv or impair ani right , power , or option thi agreement reserv becaus of ani custom or practic that vari from thi agreement ’ s terms; hyatt ’ s or playa ’ s failur , refus , or neglect to exercis ani right under thi agreement or to insist upon the other ’ s complianc with thi agreement; hyatt ’ s or playa ’ s waiver of or failur to exercis ani right , power , or option , whether of the same , similar , or differ natur , with other hyatt all-inclus resort or ani other agreement between the parti and/or their affiliates; or hyatt ’ s or playa ’ s accept of ani payment due from the other parti after ani breach of thi agreement ( unless such payment are made within ani applic cure period ) . 10. bind effect . thi agreement shall inur to the benefit of and bind the permit assigne , successor and repres of the parti , except that no assign , transfer , pledg , mortgag or leas by or through either parti in violat of the provis of thi agreement shall vest ani right in the assigne , transfere , mortgage , pledge , or lesse , as the case may be . 11. sever . if ani provis of thi agreement shall be determin to be void , illeg , or unenforc under the law , all other provis of thi agreement shall continu in full forc and effect . the parti are , in thi event , oblig to replac the void , illeg or unenforc provis with a valid , legal and enforc provis which correspond as far as possibl to the spirit and purpos of the void , illeg , or unenforc provis . 12. languag and counterpart . thi agreement may be execut in ani number of counterpart , all of which , taken togeth , shall constitut one and the same agreement and a parti may enter into thi agreement by execut a counterpart . thi agreement is execut in the english languag , which shall prevail over ani translat . 13. no represent regard forecast . in enter into thi agreement , hyatt and playa acknowledg that neither playa nor hyatt ha made ani represent to the other regard forecast earn , the probabl of futur success or ani other similar matter respect the busi contempl under thi agreement and that hyatt and playa understand that no guarante is made to the other as to ani amount of incom to be receiv by hyatt or playa or as to the futur financi success of the busi contempl under thi agreement . 14. waiver of non-compensatori damag . in ani action or proceed between the parti ( includ ani arbitr proceed ) aris under or with respect to thi agreement or in ani manner pertain to the hyatt all-inclus resort or to the relationship of the parti under thi agreement , each parti herebi uncondit and irrevoc waiv and releas ani right , power or privileg either may have to claim or receiv from the other parti ani punit or exemplari damag , each parti acknowledg and agre that the remedi herein provid and other remedi at law or in equiti will in all circumst be adequ . both parti acknowledg that they are experienc in negoti agreement of thi sort , and have had the advic of counsel in connect with , and fulli understand the natur of , the waiver contain in thi section 14 . 15. corrupt practic . neither parti , nor ani person act for or on behalf of such parti , shall make , and each parti acknowledg that the other parti will not make , ani expenditur for ani unlaw purpos ( i.e . unlaw under the law or regul of the unit state , the european union or the market area ) in the perform of it oblig under thi agreement or in connect with it activ in relat thereto . neither parti , nor ani person act for or on behalf of such parti , shall , and each parti acknowledg that the other parti will not , bribe or offer to bribe ani govern offici , ani polit parti or offici thereof , or ani candid for polit offic , for the purpos of influenc ani action or decis of such person in their offici capac or ani government author of ani jurisdict . in wit whereof , the parti hereto have duli execut and deliv thi amend on the day and year first abov written . hyatt franchis latin america , l.l.c . playa hotel & resort b.v. by : /s/ peter sear by : /s/ bruce d. wardinski name : peter sear name : bruce d. wardinski titl : presid titl : execut director