exhibit 10.19 strateg allianc agreement among sumitomo mitsui bank corpor , smbc nikko secur inc. and moeli & compani hold lp , moeli & compani hold gp llc date decemb 27 , 2011 tabl of content articl i. certain definitions; interpret . 1.1 certain definit 1.2 interpret articl ii . strateg allianc . 2.1 strateg allianc 2.2 oblig of the parti articl iii . scope . 3.1 scope 3.2 cover busi 3.3 cover region 3.4 japanes compani 3.5 client 3.6 corpor lend busi articl iv . fee alloc . 4.1 gener alloc 4.2 certain moeli hold sell-sid assign 4.3 target transact 4.4 discretionari fee share 4.5 primari fee alloc criteria articl v. non-circumvention/non-solicit . 5.1 non-circumvent 5.2 non-solicit 5.3 japan offic i articl vi . senior sponsorship; allianc review committe . 6.1 allianc review committe articl vii . train and develop . 7.1 train and develop 7.2 second program articl viii . engag . 8.1 engag letter and other agreement 8.2 expens 8.3 conflict clearanc 8.4 complianc with law articl ix . joint market . 9.1 joint market articl x. confidenti . 10.1 confidenti articl xi . term 11.1 term 11.2 termin 11.3 effect of termin articl xii . certain right of smbc/nikko . 12.1 advisori board 12.2 right of first refus ii 12.3 moeli gener partner ’ s consent to certain transfer 12.4 certain transfer matter 12.5 amend to the moeli hold agreement 12.6 percentag interest limit articl xiii . registr right . 13.1 registr 13.2 piggyback registr 13.3 reduct of size of underwritten offer 13.4 registr procedur 13.5 condit to offer 13.6 suspens period 13.7 market stand-off agreement 13.8 registr expens 13.9 indemnification; contribut 13.10 rule 144 13.11 transfer of registr right 13.12 termin of registr right articl xiv . represent and warranties; conduct of busi 14.1 represent and warranti of moeli 14.2 represent and warranti of smbc/nikko 14.3 surviv of coven , represent and warranti articl xv . miscellan 15.1 expenses; no partnership or joint ventur 15.2 notic 15.3 entir agreement; amendment; waivers; counterpart 15.4 no assign 15.5 oblig and respons of smbc/nikko 15.6 separ 15.7 complianc with law 15.8 govern laws; jurisdict 15.9 effect on prior agreement 15.10 good faith discussion; further assur iii strateg allianc agreement thi strateg allianc agreement is enter into as of decemb 27 , 2011 by and among sumitomo mitsui bank corpor ( “ smbc ” ) , a japanes corpor with it head offic at 1-2 , marunouchi 1-chome , chiyoda-ku , tokyo 100-0006 , japan and it subsidiari smbc nikko secur inc. ( “ nikko ” and togeth with smbc , “ smbc/nikko ” ) , a japanes corpor with it head offic at 3-1 , marunouchi 3-chome , chiyoda-ku , tokyo 100-8325 , japan , on the one hand , and moeli & compani hold lp ( “ moeli hold ” ) , a delawar limit partnership with offic at 399 park avenu , new york , ny 10022 , unit state , and moeli & compani hold gp llc , a delawar limit liabil compani with offic at 399 park avenu , new york , ny 10022 , unit state ( “ moeli gener partner ” , and togeth with moeli hold , the “ moeli entiti ” ) , on the other hand . smbc , nikko , moeli hold and moeli gener partner are each refer to herein as a “ parti ” and collect refer to as the “ parti ” . w i t n e s s e t h : wherea , on march 1 , 2011 , smbc/nikko and moeli hold enter into that certain strateg allianc agreement ( phase i ) with respect to certain invest bank busi in certain region involv japanes compani ( the “ prior agreement ” ) ; wherea , on the date hereof , smbc enter into an invest and subscript agreement ( as modifi or amend , the “ subscript agreement ” ) with moeli hold and moeli gener partner , pursuant to which smbc ha agre to acquir 57,364 newli issu partnership interests; wherea , the parti wish to amend and restat the prior agreement to further set forth the understand of the parti with respect to certain invest bank busi in certain region involv japanes compani and to set forth certain agreement with respect to certain transfer and registr right relat to the partnership interest as of the effect date; and wherea , the execut and deliveri of thi agreement is a condit to the close of the transact contempl by the subscript agreement . now , therefor , in consider of the forego and the respect promis contain herein and for other good and valuabl consider , the receipt and suffici of which are herebi acknowledg : articl i. certain definitions; interpret . 1.1 certain definit . “ agreement ” mean thi strateg allianc agreement , as amend or modifi from time to time in accord with section 15.3 , includ all schedul and exhibit hereto . “ allianc review committe ” ha the mean given in section 6.1 . “ client ” ha the mean given in section 3.5 . “ close ” mean the close as defin in the side letter . “ confidenti inform ” ha the mean given in section 10.1 . “ control ” shall mean possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag and polici of an entiti whether through ownership of vote secur , by contract or otherwis , includ the abil to elect the major of the director or the member of a similar govern bodi of such entiti . “ cover busi ” ha the mean given in section 3.2 . “ cover region ” ha the mean given in section 3.3 . “ demand notic ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.1 ( a ) ( i ) . “ demand registr ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.1 ( a ) ( i ) . “ effect date ” ha the mean set forth section 11.1 . “ indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.9 ( c ) . “ indemnifi person ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.9 ( a ) . “ indemnifi parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.9 ( c ) . “ introduc ” and “ introduc ” mean that a parti arrang or arrang an initi substant meet ( in person or by phone ) between a senior decis maker at the client and the other parti . “ ipo ” mean an initi underwritten public offer and sale of partnership interest ( or ani secur of moeli hold or ani successor entiti into which partnership interest are convert , exchang or redesign ) for cash pursuant to an effect registr statement ( other than on form s-4 or s-8 or a compar form ) . “ issuer fwp ” ha the mean assign to “ issuer free write prospectu ” in rule 433 under the secur act . “ japanes compani ” ha the mean given in section 3.4 . “ japanes competitor ” mean ani japanes financi institut that engag in an invest bank busi or ani other cover busi in japan or outsid japan . “ km ” mean mr. ken moeli and ani entiti or person control by or affili with mr. moeli , includ moeli manag , ani famili trust or otherwis , through which mr. ken moeli hold hi partnership interest . “ loss ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.9 ( a ) . “ main-advisor parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.4 . “ major japanes competitor ” mean the follow entiti togeth with ani ultim parent control such entiti : mitsubishi ufj financi group , inc. , mizuho financi group , inc. , nomura hold , inc. , daiwa secur group inc. , sumitomo mitsui trust hold , inc. , resona hold , inc. , shinsei bank , limited. , orix corpor , ani of their respect subsidiari as of the date of thi agreement that substanti engag in an invest bank busi or ani other cover busi in japan , and ani respect successor of ani of the entiti set forth herein . “ minimum aggreg fee ” ha the mean given in section 4.3 . “ moeli competitor ” mean ani busi enterpris that is engag in , or own or control a signific interest in ani entiti that , in either case , is engag , primarili or in ani substanti manner in , invest bank activ or ani other busi activ that moeli hold and/or it affili are engag in primarili or in ani substanti manner; provid , howev , that no privat equiti fund , sovereign wealth fund or merchant bank shall be deem a “ moeli competitor ” . “ moeli entiti ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl to thi agreement . “ moeli gener partner ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl to thi agreement . “ moeli hold ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl to thi agreement . “ moeli hold agreement ” mean that certain limit partnership agreement of moeli hold , date as of juli 1 , 2011 ( as amend ) . “ moeli manag ” mean moeli & compani manag llc , a delawar limit liabil compani . “ nikko ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl to thi agreement . “ nikko affili ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.1 . “ non-japanes competitor ” mean the follow entiti togeth with ani ultim parent control such entiti : evercor partner inc. , hawkpoint partner limit , perella weinberg partner lp , sagent advisor inc. , dc advisori partner limit and stifel financi corp. ( which , for the avoid of doubt , includ stifel nicolau weisel ( f/k/a thoma weisel ) ) . “ partnership interest ” mean limit partnership interest and ani secur of moeli hold or ani successor entiti into which partnership interest are convert , exchang or redesign , includ in connect with ani recapit of moeli hold for the purpos of conduct the ipo . “ parti ” or “ parti ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl to thi agreement . “ piggyback registr ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.2 . “ prior agreement ” ha the mean set forth in the recit to thi agreement . “ prospectu ” mean the prospectu ( includ ani preliminari prospectu and ani final prospectu ) includ in ani registr statement , as amend or supplement by ani free write prospectu , whether or not requir to be file with the sec , prospectu supplement with respect to the term of the offer of ani portion of the registr secur cover by the registr statement and by all other amend and supplement to the prospectu , and all materi incorpor by refer in such prospectu . “ registr secur ” mean all smbc unit benefici own by the smbc unit-hold at ani time , and ani secur of moeli hold or ani successor entiti into which the smbc unit are convert , exchang or redesign , includ in connect with ani recapit of moeli hold for the purpos of conduct the ipo; provid , howev , that an smbc unit shall ceas to be a registr secur when ( i ) it ha been effect regist under the secur act and dispos of in accord with the registr statement cover it , or ( ii ) it is distribut to the public pursuant to rule 144 . “ registr statement ” mean ani registr statement of moeli hold that cover registr secur pursuant to the provis of thi agreement , includ the prospectu , amend and supplement to such registr statement , includ pre- and post- effect amend , and all exhibit and all materi incorpor by refer in such registr statement . “ repres ” mean , with respect to ani person , such person ’ s , or such person ’ s subsidiari ’ , director , offic , employe , account , invest banker , commerci bank lender , attorney and other advisor or repres ( includ the employe or attorney of such account , invest banker or attorney ) . “ rule 144 ” mean rule 144 promulg under the secur act or ani similar rule or regul hereaft adopt by the secur and exchang commiss have substanti the same effect as such rule . “ side letter ” mean the letter from moeli gener partner and moeli hold to smbc , re invest in moeli & compani hold lp , date the date hereof . “ smbc ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl to thi agreement . “ smbc affili ” ha the mean set forth in section 10.1 . “ smbc competitor ” mean ( i ) ani of the japanes competitor , ( ii ) each of the non-japanes competitor , ( iii ) ani entiti that is control by ani japanes competitor or ani non-japanes competitor and that engag in an invest bank busi or ani other cover busi and ( iv ) ani entiti that is under common control with or control ani major japanes competitor and that engag in an invest bank busi or ani other cover busi . “ smbc unit ” mean all partnership interest , includ common unit , held by an smbc unit-hold , which shall includ all partnership interest acquir pursuant to the subscript agreement or thereaft . “ smbc unit-hold ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.1 ( a ) ( i ) . “ secur act ” mean the secur act of 1933 , as amend . “ smb c/nikko ” ha the mean set forth in the preambl to thi agreement . “ strateg allianc ” mean the right and oblig of the parti set forth in articl ii to xii of thi agreement . “ sub-advisor parti ” ha the mean set forth in section 8.4 . “ subscript agreement ” ha the mean set forth in the recit to thi agreement . “ suspens period ” ha the mean set forth in section 13.6 . “ underwritten offer ” mean a public offer of secur regist under the secur act in which an underwrit , placement agent or other intermediari particip in the distribut of such secur . 1.2 interpret . ( a ) capit term use without definit herein shall have the respect mean given to such term in the moeli hold agreement . articl ii . strateg allianc . 2.1 strateg allianc . smbc/nikko and moeli hold wish to continu their strateg allianc with respect to certain invest bank busi in certain region involv japanes compani as set forth herein , and will continu to offer the other the same qualiti or level of servic that were offer under the prior agreement . smbc/nikko and moeli hold will help the other continu the growth of the other parti ’ s invest bank busi . 2.2 oblig of the parti . each of the parti acknowledg and agre that each other parti may , and at the reason request from anoth parti , shall , caus one or more of such parti ’ s affili to act on behalf of such parti in the perform of it duti or exercis of it right under thi agreement . articl iii . scope . 3.1 scope . subject to the term and condit set forth in thi agreement and to the extent permit by pre-exist arrang of either parti , smbc/nikko , on the one hand , and moeli hold , on the other hand , shall use their commerci reason best effort to work togeth on cover busi involv japanes compani where all princip parti involv are locat within cover region . the strateg allianc shall continu to be non-exclus . 3.2 cover busi . “ cover busi ” shall mean m & a advisori , restructur advisori ( such as advis on recapit and restructur transact ) , capit market advisori ( includ agenc privat placement ) , risk advisori ( such as advis on invest , structur , manag , restructur and divest risk exposur and complex asset class ) and merchant bank busi ( such as princip invest ) to the extent the applic target transact requir set forth in section 4.3 of thi agreement is satisfi , but specif exclud ( unless the parti mutual agre to includ a specif transact ) ( i ) underwritten offer and bank or similar commit financ , ( ii ) pure domest japanes transact such as transact sole between/among compani organ or headquart in japan ( includ ani transact of or by subsidiari or affili of such compani locat throughout the world conduct as part of ani such transact ) , ( iii ) ani transact introduc to a parti by a person or entiti ( other than a princip parti to the transact ) not affili with such parti and ( iv ) transact where a parti , it subsidiari or control affili is a princip parti . 3.3 cover region . “ cover region ” shall mean japan , north america , europ , the middl east and north africa , australia , hong kong and china . for the avoid of doubt , the definit of cover region doe not prohibit the parti from discuss or work togeth on cover busi in region outsid the cover region , such as non-japan/hong kong/china asia . 3.4 japanes compani . “ japanes compani ” shall mean ( i ) compani organ or headquart in japan and their subsidiari and control affili outsid japan , ( ii ) subsidiari and control affili organ or headquart in japan of parent compani in the cover region other than japan and ( iii ) japanes government and quasi-government entiti and affili . 3.5 client . a “ client ” is ( i ) with respect to smbc/nikko , a japanes compani or ani other person or entiti within cover region that smbc/nikko introduc to moeli hold pursuant to thi agreement and ( ii ) with respect to moeli hold , a japanes compani or ani other person or entiti within cover region that moeli hold introduc to smbc/nikko pursuant to thi agreement . 3.6 corpor lend busi . smbc/nikko and moeli hold will continu to work togeth in good faith to seek way to expand the strateg allianc to cover corpor lend opportun where moeli hold sourc corpor lend opportun for smbc/nikko to moeli hold ’ client and work with smbc/nikko to provid smbc/nikko client and relationship access to moeli hold capabl in cover busi . the parti may enter into addit agreement and/or addenda to thi agreement design to elabor upon and clarifi the arrang contempl by thi section 3.6. articl iv . fee alloc . 4.1 gener alloc . the parti agre to share fee 50/50 on assign within the scope of thi agreement set forth in section 3.1 where smbc or nikko , on the one hand , and moeli hold , on the other hand , are jointli retain as co-advisor by a client for such assign , except as otherwis mutual agre with respect to a specif matter by the parti . the parti agre that the parti will gener seek to be jointli retain as co-advisor by a client on assign within the scope of thi agreement . 4.2 certain moeli hold sell-sid assign . in the case of m & a sell-sid assign origin by moeli hold within the scope of thi agreement set forth in section 3.1 for which smbc or nikko doe not serv ( togeth with moeli hold ) as a co-advisor to the seller , if smbc or nikko introduc the actual buyer , and neither smbc nor nikko obtain a mandat to serv as an advisor to such buyer in connect with such acquisit , moeli hold will pay smbc/nikko an introduct fee equal to 15 of the sale transact fee paid to moeli hold . there will be no other share of fee receiv from the seller between moeli hold and smb c/nikko on ani such assign . 4.3 target transact . the strateg allianc will target transact on which both parti work togeth as co-advisor to a client on the term and condit set forth in section 3.1 with minimum aggreg fee ( the “ minimum aggreg fee ” ) of : ( 1 ) m & a advisori , 3 million , ( 2 ) restructur advisori , 2 million and ( 3 ) capit market advisori and risk advisori , 1 million . 4.4 discretionari fee share . one or more senior repres of moeli hold or smbc/nikko , as the case may be , will consid on a case by case basi if request by a senior repres of the other parti , discretionari fee share when moeli hold or smbc/nikko , as the case may be , provid demonstr valu . 4.5 primari fee alloc criteria . the parti may mutual agre on a fee alloc differ from the forego alloc in good faith base on , among other thing , the follow criteria : ( a ) whether one or both parti have an import relationship that is crucial to secur an assign ( b ) resourc contribut ( c ) product expertis ( d ) industri expertis ( e ) transact size ( f ) resourc constraint articl v. non-circumvention/non-solicit . 5.1 non-circumvent . subject to pre-exist arrang of either parti , each parti agre not to circumv thi agreement and to act in good faith in the spirit of the strateg allianc . each parti shall ensur that it control affili compli with the term and condit of thi agreement . 5.2 non-solicit . each of smbc/nikko and moeli hold agre not to solicit or hire ani employe of the other parti dure the term of thi agreement and for a period of 12 month thereafter; provid , howev , that the forego restrict shall not appli to gener solicit to the public that are not specif direct to employe of other parti ( or employ of applic to such solicit ) . each of smbc/nikko and moeli hold agre , dure the term of thi agreement ( except pursuant to thi agreement ) and for a period of 12 month thereaft , not to solicit ani client introduc by the other parti in connect with an assign on cover busi involv japanes compani where all princip parti involv are locat within cover region . notwithstand the forego , thi provis shall not prevent ani parti from solicit or otherwis contact ani client ( i ) for ani purpos other than work on or obtain an assign on cover busi involv japanes compani in cover region where all princip parti involv are locat within cover region or ( ii ) with whom such parti ( or it employe or consult ) ha had a pre-exist relationship , includ , but not limit to , a pre-exist contractu or busi relationship , prior to the introduct of such client in connect with an assign cover by thi agreement . 5.3 japan offic . moeli hold agre not to open an offic in japan conduct cover busi dure the term of thi agreement . articl vi . senior sponsorship; allianc review committe . 6.1 allianc review committe . as soon as reason practic follow the effect date , smbc/nikko and moeli hold shall form a six person committe compris of two senior execut from each of smbc , nikko and moeli hold to review and discuss the progress of the strateg allianc ( the “ allianc review committe ” ) . each parti shall notifi the other parti if it replac either of it designe to the allianc review committe . the allianc review committe will meet annual and will have the author to recommend chang to the strateg allianc or thi agreement if deem appropri . for the avoid of doubt , the recommend of the allianc review committe will not be bind upon ani parti unless and until thi agreement is amend or modifi pursuant to section 15.3. articl vii . train and develop . 7.1 train and develop . dure the term of thi agreement , moeli hold shall offer certain full-tim analyst and associ of smbc/nikko , or employe with similar respons , the opportun to particip annual in moeli hold ’ train program for newli hire full-tim analyst and associ , to the extent that moeli hold ’ hold such a program . smbc/nikko shall reimburs moeli hold for all out-of-pocket and alloc expens incur by moeli hold in connect with smbc/nikko employe ’ attend the moeli hold train program . 7.2 second program . ( a ) dure the term of thi agreement , smbc/nikko shall second 3 or 4 banker to moeli hold ’ new york offic and second 2 or 3 banker to moeli hold ’ london offic as local staff of moeli hold . moeli hold shall use it commerci reason best effort to second a banker to smbc/nikko ’ s tokyo offic as local staff of smbc/nikko . all seconde shall be invest banker that serv in a posit with respons typic associ with an associ or a vice presid at a major intern invest bank , except as otherwis agre between smb c/nikko and moeli hold . ( b ) each parti shall be respons for all out-of-pocket and alloc expens incur by it employe who are second . a parti ’ s seconde ( s ) must be reason accept to the other parti and shall agre to be subject to ani polici and procedur , includ without limit , relat to confidenti and proprietari inform and secur and other trade activ limit , that the parti accept such seconde may determin are necessari and/or appropri . ( c ) smbc/nikko and moeli hold will from time to time dure the term of thi agreement , review and discuss the second program and such addit and chang the parti consid appropri to further the strateg allianc . articl viii . engag . 8.1 engag letter and other agreement . ( a ) parti . where the parti are execut an assign togeth pursuant to thi agreement , it is anticip that gener both parti ( or one of their respect affili ) will sign the engag letter ( and , where necessari , other relev agreement ) with the relev client in connect with the assign . in certain limit circumst mutual agre upon by the parti , one parti may sign the engag letter with the client and then such parti would also sign an agreement with the other parti or parti for such parti or parti to provid servic to the client and receiv compens , indemnif and other protect after receiv the written consent of such client . ( b ) right and oblig . the engag letter will ( unless otherwis agre ) includ a provis to the effect that : “ the right and oblig of smbc , nikko and moeli hold are the sever right and oblig of smbc , nikko and moeli hold and that each of smbc , nikko or moeli hold shall not be liabl or respons for the action or omiss of the others. ” ( c ) payment . the engag letter will ( unless otherwis agre ) provid that payment would be made to either smbc/nikko or moeli hold and smbc/nikko and moeli hold will split the fee pursuant to thi agreement . 8.2 expens . if onli one parti is engag for an assign , such parti will submit expens of the other parti for reimburs by the client . if there is an expens cap or ani other expens reimburs reduct , the parti will ( unless otherwis agre ) bear the cost of such unreimburs expens in the same proport as the parti agre to split the fee from such assign . 8.3 conflict clearance. each parti shall have it own separ conflict identif , busi select and client vet procedur . the parti will cooper to identifi and resolv potenti conflict issu . 8.4 complianc with law . in the case where one parti execut an engag letter with a client ( the “ main-advisor parti ” ) and the main-advisor parti appoint and retain the other parti or parti as a sub-advisor ( the “ sub-advisor parti ” ) , each of the main-advisor parti and the sub-advisor parti shall compli in all materi respect with all applic law or regul , includ the uk briberi act 2010 , the us foreign corrupt practic act of 1977 and ani other similar anti-briberi act in it execut and perform of it servic for the cover busi for such client . if either of the main-advisor parti or sub-advisor parti breach it oblig set forth in thi section 8.4 , the non- breach parti shall have the right to immedi termin it sub-advisor agreement or ani other similar agreement enter into with respect to the cover busi for such client by provid a written notic to the breach parti that specif identifi how the breach parti ha breach thi section 8.4. articl ix . joint market . 9.1 joint marketing. the parti shall establish a joint market effort for the strateg allianc . among other thing , the parti shall agre upon a joint press releas and commun strategi for announc the strateg allianc and certain joint market materi which either parti may use in market to client . articl x. confidenti . 10.1 confidenti . the parti each agre to keep confidenti all non-publ inform disclos by anoth parti or a client or prospect client or a repres thereof in connect with the strateg allianc ( includ thi agreement ) ( “ confidenti inform ” ) , ( i ) except to subsidiari , affili or their profession advisor ( and provid that the parti shall caus the recipi to assum and perform the confidenti oblig equival to those impos on such parti under thi agreement and shall be respons for breach of such oblig by such recipi ) and ( ii ) except as requir by judici process or such parti ’ s regulatori author , and to use such inform onli for purpos of the strateg allianc ( includ thi agreement ) ; provid , howev , that confidenti inform shall not includ ( i ) inform that is alreadi in the receiv parti ’ s possess when it is receiv and not subject to a confidenti agreement or other oblig of confidenti to the disclos parti , ( ii ) inform separ obtain by the receiv parti from a third parti that is not known or should not reason be known to the person receiv such inform to be bound by a confidenti agreement or other oblig of confidenti to the disclos parti and ( iii ) inform independ develop by the receiv parti without ani use of confidenti inform . in the event that ani disclosur of confidenti inform is requir by judici process or such parti ’ s regulatori author , the parti requir to make such disclosur shall , to the extent commerci practic and legal permiss , consult with the parti that provid such confidenti inform prior to make ani such disclosur . noth in thi section shall restrict the receiv parti ’ s abil to make ani legal requir disclosur of confidenti inform to bank examin or other supervisori author have jurisdict over the receiv parti . each of moeli hold and smbc/nikko shall also ask the other if it ha intern clear the receipt of non-publ inform regard a client or prospect client befor the parti provid such inform deliv ani such inform to the receiv parti . due to japanes firewal restrict , ( i ) smbc will not disclos confidenti inform relat to it client to nikko ( ii ) nikko will not disclos confidenti inform relat to it client to smbc and ( iii ) moeli hold shall not disclos confidenti inform relat to a client receiv from smbc or ani of it affili ( exclud nikko and ani person that would be an affili of nikko if nikko were not an affili of smbc ) ( an “ smbc affili ” ) to nikko or it affili ( exclud smbc and ani person that would be an affili of smbc if nikko were not an affili of smbc ) ( a “ nikko affili ” ) or confidenti inform relat to a client receiv from nikko or ani nikko affili to smbc or ani smbc affili , without first obtain such client ’ s consent to such disclosur . thi section 10.1 shall termin with respect to confidenti inform relat to a ( prospect ) client , two year follow receipt of such inform , and with respect to ani other confidenti inform , two year follow the termin of thi agreement . articl xi . term 11.1 term . thi agreement shall be effect as of januari 1 , 2012 ( the “ effect date ” ) , provid , howev , that , articl xii and articl xiii shall not be effect until after the close . the initi term of thi agreement shall begin on the effect date and continu for three ( 3 ) year , subject to the prior termin right provid below . at the end of such initi term , and ani renew term , as applic , thi agreement shall automat renew for an addit one ( 1 ) year term , unless a parti provid written notic to the other parti at least six ( 6 ) month prior to the end of the initi term . at ani time dure a renew term , thi agreement may be termin by ani parti on six ( 6 ) month prior notic that it wish to termin the agreement . 11.2 termin . thi agreement may be termin as follow : ( a ) effect immedi upon mutual agreement of each of the parties; ( b ) immedi by a non-breach parti , if either smbc or nikko , on the one hand , or moeli hold , on the other hand , shall materi breach the term and condit of thi agreement , and such breach is continu after written notic ha been given by the non- breach parti to the breach parti that specif identifi how the breach parti ha breach thi agreement , and a reason period of time ha elaps in which to cure such breach , which period shall not be less than nineti ( 90 ) calendar day from the date that such breach parti receiv such notice; ( c ) immedi upon the bankruptci , insolv , or make of the assign for the benefit of creditor by a party; unless such termin is waiv by the parti in write not subject to ani of the forego proceedings; ( d ) by ani parti if the smbc unit-hold ceas to hold ani partnership interest as a result of sale or transfer pursuant to section 12.4 of thi agreement or section 8.4 of the moeli hold agreement , such termin to be effect six ( 6 ) month follow the date on which the other parti receiv written notic of such parti ’ s elect to termin thi agreement; and ( e ) immedi by moeli hold if the close ha not occur by march 1 , 2012 or such later date if the close is delay pursuant to the term of the subscript agreement . 11.3 effect of termin . in the event of the termin of thi agreement , no parti shall have ani liabil to ani other parti in respect of thi agreement except for ani liabil relat to ani breach or ani payment oblig hereund and aris prior to such termination; provid , that , section 5.2 ( non-solicit ) and 8.2 ( expens ) and articl x ( confidenti ) , xii ( certain transfer right of smbc/nikko ) ( other than section 12.6 , after the smbc unit-hold no longer hold ani partnership interest ) , xiii ( registr right ) and xv ( miscellan ) shall surviv ani expir or termin of thi agreement; provid , howev , if moeli hold termin thi agreement pursuant to section 11.2 ( b ) due to a materi breach by either smbc or nikko , or if thi agreement is termin pursuant to section 11.2 ( c ) due to the bankruptci , insolv or make of the assign for the benefit of creditor by either smbc or nikko , articl xii ( certain transfer right of smbc/nikko ) and xiii ( registr right ) shall not surviv such termination; provid , further , that , if thi agreement is termin prior to the close , xii ( certain transfer right of smb c/nikko ) , xiii ( registr right ) shall not surviv such termin . articl xii . certain right of smbc/nikko . 12.1 advisori board . dure the term of the strateg allianc , smbc/nikko shall have the right to appoint one person to serv as a member of the advisori board of moeli hold . 12.2 right of first refus . ( a ) prior to the ipo and dure the term of the strateg allianc , smbc shall have the right of first refus to purchas all ( but not less than all ) addit unit that moeli hold propos to issu to an smbc competitor , includ ( x ) in a propos issuanc that is except from section 3.4.2 of the moeli hold agreement as an issuanc to a strateg investor , and ( y ) in a propos issuanc that is subject to section 3.4.2 of the moeli hold agreement , to the extent that the partner do not exercis in full their right of first refus thereund . the abov right are in addit to the pro rata right of first refus grant to all partner with respect to issuanc of addit unit in section 3.4.2 of the moeli hold agreement . ( b ) in the event moeli hold propos to undertak an issuanc of addit unit to which claus ( x ) of section 12.2 ( a ) appli , it shall give smbc written notic of it intent describ the price and term upon which moeli hold propos to issu the same . smbc shall have ten ( 10 ) day from the date of deliveri of ani such notic to agre to purchas all , but not less than all , of such addit unit , for the price and upon the term specifi in the notic , by deliv written notic to moeli hold . follow the expir of such 10-day period , moeli hold shall have one hundr and eighty- ( 180- ) day to sell or enter into an agreement to sell the addit unit with respect to which smbc ’ s right of first refus wa not exercis , at a price and upon term no more favor to the purchas of such secur than specifi in moeli hold ’ notic . in the event moeli hold ha not sold the addit unit or enter into an agreement to sell the addit unit within such one hundr and eighty- ( 180- ) day period , moeli hold shall not thereaft issu or sell ani addit unit without first compli again with thi section 12.2 . ( c ) in the event moeli hold propos to undertak ani issuanc of addit unit to which claus ( y ) of section 12.2 ( a ) appli , smbc shall specifi in it notic deliv to moeli hold pursuant to section 3.4.2 ( b ) of the moeli hold agreement , in addit to whether or not it elect to purchas it pro rata portion of such addit unit , whether or not it shall exercis it right of first refus to purchas all ( but not less than all ) of the addit unit that other partner do not purchas pursuant to their right of first refus under section 3.4.2 of the moeli hold agreement . ( d ) the right of first refus grant hereund may not be assign or transfer , except that such right is assign by smbc to ani of it respect wholly-own subsidiari . 12.3 moeli gener partner ’ s consent to certain transfer . ( a ) prior to the ipo and dure the term of the strateg allianc , moeli gener partner shall not consent to a sale or transfer by a partner of it partnership interest to an smbc competitor unless the moeli gener partner caus the partner propos to sell or transfer it partnership interest to provid smbc with a right to purchas , on the same term and condit , includ price , all ( but not less than all ) of the partnership interest that such partner propos to sell or transfer to an smbc competitor . ( b ) in the event a partner propos to undertak a sale or transfer of partnership interest to which the forego right appli , and moeli gener partner must consent to the sale or transfer , moeli gener partner shall requir that partner to give smbc written notic of it intent to sell or transfer partnership interest to an smbc competitor describ the price and term upon which such partner propos to sell or transfer it partnership interest . smbc shall have ten ( 10 ) day from the date of deliveri of ani such notic to agre to purchas all , but not less than all , of such partnership interest , for the price and upon the term specifi in the notic , by deliv written notic to such partner and moeli hold . ( c ) follow the expir of such 10-day period , the partner propos to sell or transfer partnership interest shall have one hundr and eighty- ( 180- ) day to sell or transfer , or enter into an agreement to sell or transfer the partnership interest with respect to which smbc ‘ s right under section 12.3 ( a ) wa not exercis , at a price and upon term no more favor to the purchas of such secur than specifi in the partner ’ s notic . in the event the partner ha not sold or transfer the partnership interest , or enter into an agreement to sell or transfer the partnership interest , within such one hundr and eighty- ( 180- ) day period , moeli gener partner shall not consent to the partner ’ s sell or transfer it partnership interest to an smbc competitor thereaft without first requir the partner to compli again with thi section 12.3 . ( d ) the right grant under thi section 12.3 may not be assign or transfer , except that such right is assign by smbc to ani of it respect wholly-own subsidiari . ( e ) noth in thi section 12.3 shall affect the power of moeli gener partner to withhold consent to ani transfer of partnership interest in it sole discret to the extent author under section 8.1 of the moeli hold agreement . 12.4 certain transfer matter . ( a ) dure the term of the strateg allianc , if km sell all or a portion of km ’ s partnership interest , the smbc unit-hold may sell a pro rata portion of the smbc unit without regard to ani time or transfer restrict impos by thi agreement or the moeli hold agreement , except that such sale or transfer may not be to a moeli competitor . in the event km propos to undertak a sale or transfer of km ’ s partnership interest to which the forego right appli , km shall give written notic to smbc and moeli gener partner at least ten ( 10 ) day in advanc of such sale or transfer , describ the percent of km ’ s partnership interest be sold or transfer . km shall give written notic to smbc and moeli gener partner within five ( 5 ) day of ani cancel or postpon of such sale . when an smbc unit- holder elect to sell or transfer the smbc unit pursuant to it right grant under thi section 12.4 ( a ) , the smbc unit-hold shall provid moeli gener partner with a notic state it intent to sell or transfer the smbc unit pursuant to thi section 12.4 ( a ) . within ten ( 10 ) day of receiv such notic from an smbc unit-hold , moeli gener partner shall deliv to such smbc unit-hold it consent for the propos sale or transfer , unless the propos sale or transfer is to a moeli competitor . for the avoid of doubt , if the transact is subject to ( i ) a drag- along right or a tag-along right , and such right wa exercis , the smbc unit-hold shall be deem to have sold it pro rata portion of it partnership interest with respect to such transact and shall not have ani addit right under thi section 12.4 ( a ) or ( ii ) section 13.2 of thi agreement , and an smbc unit-hold exercis it right thereund , such smbc unit-hold shall be deem to have sold it pro rata portion of it partnership interest with respect to such transact and shall not have ani addit right under thi section 12.4 ( a ) . the abov right shall be in addit to the drag-along right and the tag-along right with respect to transfer by moeli gener partner set forth in section 8.4.1 and 8.4.2 , respect , of the moeli hold agreement . ( b ) dure the term of the strateg allianc , and after the first anniversari of moeli hold ’ commenc a public regist share sale program for manag director and other employe of moeli hold or it affili , the smbc unit-hold may sell or transfer partnership interest pursuant to such public regist share sale program for ani given period in an amount equal to ( i ) the number of partnership interest that can be sold pursuant to the program in such period multipli by ( ii ) a fraction whose numer is the number of partnership interest the smbc unit-hold have elect to sell in such program dure such period and whose denomin is the total number of partnership interest the smbc unit-hold have elect to sell plu the number of partnership interest all other person have elect to sell in such program dure such period ( whether such partnership interest are held as outstand common stock of a successor or parent compani of moeli hold or as interest in an affili of such public compani ) ( for exampl , if 50 partnership interest can be sold dure the period , the smbc unit-hold ha elect to sell 400 partnership interest and all person other than the smbc unit-hold have elect to sell 1,600 partnership interest , then the smbc unit-hold may sell 10 partnership interest and the other person may sell 40 partnership interest ) ; provid , that , ( 1 ) the smbc unit-hold shall be subject to the same condit and term as the other particip in the program; ( 2 ) such right under thi section 12.4 ( b ) shall not appli to sale moeli hold may permit certain of it manag director and other employe to make under rule 144 or otherwise; and ( 3 ) if both section 12.4 ( a ) and section 12.4 ( b ) appli to a sale or transfer of partnership interest , an smbc unit-hold may sell the higher of the amount under section 12.4 ( a ) or section 12.4 ( b ) . if such public regist share sale program as set forth in thi section 12.4 ( b ) is establish , moeli hold will provid the smbc unit-hold with a monthli report which provid the number of partnership interest be sold in such share sale program dure the relev month and the outstand number of partnership interest that are left in the public sale regist sale program as of the end of the relev month . ( c ) after the termin of the strateg allianc : ( i ) prior to the ipo , moeli gener partner shall not unreason withhold it consent to an smbc unit-hold ’ s transfer all or a portion of the smbc unit to ani other person who is not a moeli competitor; and ( ii ) follow the ipo , the smbc unit-hold may freeli transfer the smbc unit , subject to applic secur law . ( d ) follow the third anniversari of the close , whether or not dure the term of the strateg allianc , the smbc unit- holder may sell up to 9,231 smbc unit ( i ) prior to the ipo , with the consent of moeli gener partner ( which consent may not be unreason withheld ) , provid such sale is not to a moeli competitor , or ( ii ) follow the ipo , without restrict , subject onli to applic secur law . ( e ) dure the term of the strateg allianc and prior to the ipo , moeli hold shall notifi smbc in advanc of publicli announc the sale or issuanc of ani interest in moeli hold ( other than manag unit ) to a strateg investor , provid , that moeli hold shall notifi smbc in advanc onli to the extent and in such manner as it is permiss under ani confidenti agreement enter into in connect with such sale or issuanc . 12.5 amend to the moeli hold agreement . without the prior written consent of smbc ( which consent shall not be unreason withheld , delay or condit ) , moeli gener partner shall not enter into ani side letter or agreement ( other than the vest agreement of ani manag partner ) with ani limit partner in respect of the issuanc or hold of ani class or type of interest in the partnership that ( i ) modifi the limit liabil of the smbc unit-hold , ( ii ) materi and advers affect in a disproportion manner the interest of the smbc unit-hold in net incom , net loss or avail asset , ( iii ) increas the capit contribut requir to be made by the smbc unit-hold , ( iv ) modifi the smbc unit-hold ’ drag-along right or tag-along right under the moeli hold agreement , or ( v ) materi and advers affect in a disproportion manner the interest of the smbc unit-hold in the distribut , regardless of whether such side letter or agreement is enter into by such limit partner in it capac as such , and regardless of whether smbc is entitl to particip or doe particip in such issuanc of or otherwis hold ani such interests; provid , howev , the forego consent of smbc shall not be requir if the side letter or agreement affect manag unit in a substanti similar manner . 12.6 percentag interest limit . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement or the moeli hold agreement , none of smbc , moeli hold or ani of their control affili shall take ani action , includ with respect to the acquisit of ani partnership interest pursuant to the exercis of ani right under thi agreement or the moeli hold agreement , that would reason be expect to ( i ) caus smbc , or ani of it affili , to requir approv of the board of governor of the feder reserv system under section 4 of the u.s. bank hold compani act of 1956 , as amend ( includ regul y promulg thereund ) , or otherwis , to acquir or retain ani interest in moeli hold or ( ii ) caus moeli hold to be deem to be or presum to be “ control ” by smbc , or ani of it affili , for purpos of the u.s. bank hold compani act of 1956 , as amend ( includ regul y promulg thereund ) . smbc and moeli hold shall cooper with each other and use their reason best effort to avoid ani of the event in the preced sentenc by take ani and all action necessari , includ , without limit , in connect with ani restructur to facilit the ipo , which shall includ , among other thing , issu a new class or seri of partnership interest or altern econom interest to smbc , or it affili , as applic . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 12.6 , noth shall prevent smbc , or it affili , from seek a noncontrol determin from the staff of the board of governor of the feder reserv system with respect to ani action that would otherwis be prohibit by thi section 12.6 , and , after receiv a noncontrol determin , take such action , includ acquir addit partnership interest . articl xiii . registr right . 13.1 registr . ( a ) ( i ) follow the ipo and the termin of the strateg allianc , smbc shall have the right to demand that moeli hold regist the sale of all , but not less than all , of the registr secur held by smbc and it affili ( togeth the “ smbc unit-hold ” ) under the secur act ( the “ demand notic ” ) , provid , howev , smbc shall not be permit to deliv the demand notic within ( i ) 180 day of the ipo or ( ii ) 60 day of ani public offer and sale of partnership interest ( and/or ani secur of moeli hold or ani successor entiti into which partnership interest are convert , exchang or redesign ) for cash pursuant to an effect registr statement ( other than on form s-4 or s-8 or a compar form ) , and subject to the term of ani agreement enter into by moeli hold , smbc or nikko pursuant to section 13.7. within 60 day after moeli hold receiv a written notic to regist the registr secur , moeli hold will file a registr statement , on an appropri form , to regist the sale of the registr secur , which registr statement will ( if specifi in the smbc unit-hold ’ notic ) contempl the abil of the smbc unit-hold to effect an underwritten offer ( the “ demand registr ” ) . the demand notic shall specifi the intend method of distribut of the registr secur . subject to section 13.2 , moeli hold may includ in ani registr effect pursuant to thi section 13.1 ani secur for it own account or for the account of holder ( other than the smbc unit-hold ) of partnership interests; provid , that , moeli hold shall pay a portion of all expens of moeli hold ( includ those set forth in section 13.8 ) in connect with ani such registr , in proport to the aggreg sell price of all secur so includ in ani such registr . ( ii ) moeli hold will use it commerci reason effort ( i ) to caus ani registr statement to be declar effect ( unless it becom effect automat upon file ) as promptli as practic after the file thereof with the sec and ( ii ) to keep such registr statement current and effect for a period of 90 day , or such shorter time necessari for the complet of the sale of registr secur regist thereon . moeli hold further agre to use it commerci reason effort to supplement or make amend to such registr statement as may be necessari to keep such registr statement effect for the period refer to in claus ( ii ) abov , includ ( a ) to respond to the comment of the sec , if ani , ( b ) as may be requir by the registr form util by moeli hold for such registr statement or by the instruct to such registr form , ( c ) as may be requir by the secur act , or ( d ) as may reason be request in write by the smbc unit-hold or ani underwrit and accept to moeli hold . moeli hold agre to furnish to the smbc unit-hold copi of ani such supplement or amend no later than the time it is first use or file with the sec . ( b ) if the demand notic specifi that the registr secur will be sold in an underwritten offer , the parti shall mutual agre on the lead underwrit and ani addit underwrit . ( c ) ani registr initi pursuant to section 13.1 ( a ) shall not count as a demand registr ( i ) unless and until the registr statement with respect to the registr secur ha becom effect and remain effect for a period of 90 day or , if a shorter time , until all of the registr secur have been sold , or ( ii ) if the condit to close specifi in the underwrit agreement , if ani , enter into in connect with such registr are not satisfi or waiv , other than by reason of a failur on the part of the smbc unit-hold . 13.2 piggyback registr . if moeli hold propos to file a registr statement under the secur act ( other than non- particip , non-convert debt or equiti secur or secur to be issu pursuant to a registr statement on form s-4 or s-8 or ani compar form ) for it own account or for the account of a holder ( other than the smbc unit-hold ) of partnership interest , includ in connect with the ipo and where smb c/nikko ( includ an smbc unit-hold ) ha the right to sell ani or all smbc unit under thi agreement , then moeli hold shall give written notic of such propos file to the smbc unit-hold as soon as commerci practic but in no event less than ( i ) 20 day befor the anticip file date or ( ii ) if moeli hold determin to conduct a registr less than 20 day befor the anticip file date , then on the date moeli hold determin to proceed with such registr ( a “ piggyback registr ” ) . if moeli hold propos to file the registr statement befor the termin of the strateg allianc , the written notic to the smbc unit-hold shall includ the number of partnership interest to be sold by km and the percentag of the total partnership interest held by km repres by that number . within 10 day after deliveri of ani such notic by moeli hold , or such shorter period as moeli hold specifi in such notic if moeli hold determin to conduct a registr less than 10 day befor the anticip file date , the smbc unit-hold may request in write that moeli hold includ ani registr secur held by the smbc unit-hold in the propos registr . the request by the smbc unit-hold shall specifi the number of registr secur propos to be includ in the registr . moeli hold will then , subject to section 13.3 , includ such request registr secur in the propos registration; provid , howev , that if moeli hold propos to file the registr statement befor the termin of the strateg allianc , the percentag of all registr secur that may be includ in the propos registr may not exceed the percentag of km ’ s total partnership interest to be sold in the propos registr , as state in the notic by moeli hold . the smbc unit-hold may not withdraw ani request for a piggyback registr involv an underwritten offer after the preliminari prospectus for the propos offer have been print , or ani “ road show ” ha begun , or moeli hold ha made ani public announc with the consent of the smbc unit-hold that assum the particip of the smbc unit-hold in the propos offer , or in ani event less than 24 hour befor the price of such offer . the smbc unit-hold shall have no right to select the underwrit in an underwritten offer in connect with a piggyback registr . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi section 13.2 , moeli hold may , at ani time at it sole option , choos not to proceed with the propos registr that give rise to the piggyback registr . 13.3 reduct of size of underwritten offer . notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain herein , if the lead underwrit or underwrit in an underwritten offer pursuant to section 13.1 or section 13.2 advis moeli hold that , in their good faith judgment , the number of partnership interest ( includ ani registr secur ) that moeli hold , the smbc unit-hold and ani other person intend to includ in ani registr statement exce the number that can be sold in the offer in light of market factor or becaus the sale of a greater number would advers affect the price of the partnership interest to be sold , then the number of partnership interest to be includ in the registr statement for the account of moeli hold , the smbc unit-hold and ani other person will be reduc to the extent necessari to reduc the total number of secur to be includ in ani such registr statement to the number recommend by the lead underwrit or underwrit , in accord with the follow prioriti : ( a ) in the case of a demand registr pursuant to section 13.1 , prioriti will be ( i ) first , all registr secur includ in the registr statement , ( ii ) second , ani partnership interest propos to be offer by moeli hold for it own account ( iii ) third , pro rata among ani other holder of partnership interest request to be regist pursuant to a contractu right , and ( iv ) fourth , pro rata among ani other holder of partnership interest request to be registered; ( b ) in the case of a registr statement initi by moeli hold for it own account that give rise to a piggyback registr pursuant to section 13.2 , prioriti will be ( i ) first , partnership interest propos to be offer by moeli hold for it own account , ( ii ) second , pro rata among all holder of partnership interest request to be regist pursuant to a contractu right and ( iii ) third , pro rata among ani other holder of partnership interest request to be registered; and ( c ) in the case of a registr statement initi by moeli hold for the account of holder ( other than the smbc unit- holder ) of partnership interest , pursuant to registr right afford to such holder by contract , that give rise to a piggyback registr pursuant to section 13.2 , prioriti will be ( i ) first , pro rata among the holder of partnership interest for whose account the registr statement wa initi , ( ii ) second , partnership interest offer by moeli hold for it own account , ( iii ) third , pro rata among ani other holder of partnership interest request to be regist pursuant to a contractu right and ( iv ) fourth , pro rata among ani other holder of partnership interest request to be regist . 13.4 registr procedur . subject to the provis of section 13.1 or section 13.2 , in connect with the registr of the sale of registr secur pursuant to the demand registr or a piggyback registr hereund , moeli hold will : ( a ) furnish to the smbc unit-hold without charg , no later than the time of file of a registr statement , copi of such registr statement , and thereaft such number of copi of such registr statement , each amend and supplement thereto ( in each case includ all exhibit thereto , includ each preliminari prospectu ) , copi of ani and all transmitt letter or other correspond with the sec relat to such registr statement and such other document in such quantiti as the smbc unit-hold may reason request from time to time , for as long as moeli hold is requir to caus the registr statement to remain current , in order to facilit the disposit of the registr securities; ( b ) provid the smbc unit-hold and their repres with the opportun to particip in the prepar of the registr statement and the relat prospectus; ( c ) use it commerci reason effort to regist or qualifi the partnership interest be sold under such other secur or “ blue sky ” law of such jurisdict as the smbc unit-hold reason request and do ani and all other act and thing as may be reason necessari or advis to enabl the smbc unit-hold to consumm the disposit of the registr secur in such jurisdictions; provid , howev , that moeli hold shall in no event be requir to ( w ) qualifi gener to do busi in ani jurisdict where it is not then so qualifi , ( x ) subject itself to taxat in ani jurisdict where it is not otherwis then so subject , ( y ) take ani action that would subject it to servic of process in suit other than those aris out of the offer and sale of the secur cover by the registr statement or ( z ) consent to gener servic of process in ani jurisdict where it is not then so subject; ( d ) notifi the smbc unit-hold and the lead underwrit or underwrit , if ani , at ani time when a prospectu relat to registr secur is requir to be deliv under the secur act , of the occurr of ani event as a result of which the registr statement , the prospectu includ in a registr statement or ani amend or supplement thereto relat to registr secur contain an untru statement of a materi fact or omit to state ani materi fact requir to be state therein or necessari to make the statement therein , in the light of the circumst under which they were made , not mislead , and moeli hold will use it commerci reason effort to prepar and file with the sec a supplement or amend to such prospectu and registr statement ( and compli fulli with the applic provis of rule 424 , 430a and 430b under the secur act in a time manner ) so that , as thereaft deliv to the purchas of the registr secur , such prospectu and registr statement will not contain an untru statement of a materi fact or omit to state ani materi fact requir to be state therein or necessari to make the statement therein , in the light of the circumst under which they were made , not misleading; ( e ) advis the lead underwrit or underwrit , if ani , and the smbc unit-hold promptli and , if request by such person , confirm such advic in write , of the issuanc by the sec of ani stop order suspend the effect of the registr statement under the secur act or of the suspens by ani state secur commiss of the qualif of the registr secur for offer or sale in ani jurisdict , or the initi of ani proceed for ani of the preced purpos . if at ani time the sec issu ani stop order suspend the effect of the registr statement , or ani state secur commiss or other regulatori author issu an order suspend the qualif or exempt from qualif of the registr secur under state secur or “ blue sky ” law , moeli hold shall use it commerci reason effort to obtain the withdraw or lift of such order as promptli as practicable; ( f ) use it commerci reason effort to caus the registr secur to be regist with or approv by such other government author as may be necessari by virtu of the busi and oper of moeli hold to enabl the smbc unit-hold to consumm the disposit of the registr securities; provid , howev , that moeli hold shall in no event be requir to ( w ) qualifi gener to do busi in ani jurisdict where it is not then so qualifi , ( x ) subject itself to taxat in ani jurisdict where it is not otherwis then so subject , ( y ) take ani action that would subject it to servic of process in suit other than those aris out of the offer and sale of the secur cover by the registr statement or ( z ) consent to gener servic of process in ani jurisdict where it is not then so subject; ( g ) if request by the smbc unit-hold or the underwrit or underwrit , if ani , promptli includ in ani registr statement or prospectu , pursuant to a supplement or post-effect amend if necessari , such inform as the smbc unit-hold and the underwrit or underwrit , if ani , may reason request to have includ therein , includ inform relat to the “ plan of distribut ” of the registr secur , inform about the number of registr secur be sold to the underwrit or underwrit , the purchas price be paid therefor and ani other term of the offer of the registr secur to be sold in such offer , and make all requir file of such prospectu supplement or post-effect amend as soon as practic after moeli hold is notifi of the matter to be includ in such prospectu supplement or post-effect amendment; ( h ) for the period begin a reason time befor the file of the registr statement and for as long as moeli hold is requir to caus the registr statement to remain current under section 13.1 ( a ) ( ii ) , and except to the extent prohibit by applic law and subject to enter into customari confidenti agreement , after reason advanc notic , make avail for inspect by the smbc unit- holder , ani underwrit particip in ani disposit of the registr secur , and ani repres for the smbc unit-hold or such underwrit , dure busi hour and at the locat design by moeli hold , ani financi and other record and corpor document of moeli hold as will be reason necessari to enabl them to conduct reason and customari due dilig with respect to moeli hold and the relat registr statement and prospectu , provid , howev , that record , document and inform obtain hereund will be use by such inspect person onli to conduct such due diligence; and ( i ) togeth with ani other holder of partnership interest propos to includ secur in ani underwritten offer , enter into a reason and customari written agreement with the underwrit or underwrit , if ani , in such form and contain such provis as are reason and customari in the secur busi for such an arrang between underwrit and compani of moeli hold ’ s size and invest statur . 13.5 condit to offer . the oblig of moeli hold to take the action contempl by section 13.1 , 13.2 and 13.4 with respect to an offer of registr secur will be subject to the follow condit : ( a ) moeli hold may requir each smbc unit-hold to furnish to moeli hold such inform regard such smbc unit-hold , the registr secur or the distribut of such registr secur as moeli hold may from time to time request , in each case to the extent reason requir by the secur act and the rule and regul promulg thereund , or under state secur or “ blue sky ” laws; and ( b ) if an offer of registr secur is an underwritten offer , each smbc unit-hold must : ( a ) agre to sell it registr secur on the basi provid in ani underwrit agreement approv by moeli hold in accord with section 13.4 ( i ) , ( b ) complet and execut , as applic , all customari questionnair , power of attorney , underwrit agreement , lock-up agreement consist with section 13.7 and other document customarili requir under the term of such underwrit agreement and ( iii ) agre to make customari represent and warranti ( includ as to due organ and good stand , corpor power and author , due approv , no conflict and ownership and transfer of registr secur , and as to accuraci and complet of those statement made in the applic registr statement , prospectu or other document in relianc upon and in conform with written inform furnish to moeli hold or the underwrit or underwrit by such smbc unit-hold ) and coven in such underwrit agreement . 13.6 suspens period . ( a ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari contain in thi agreement , moeli hold shall be entitl , by provid prior written notic to the smbc unit-hold , to postpon the file or effect or suspend the use of ani registr statement pursuant to section 13.1 for a reason period of time not to exceed 60 day in success or 120 day in ani 365-day period ( or a longer period of time with the prior written consent of smbc , which consent shall not be unreason withheld ) ( a “ suspens period ” ) if ( a ) moeli hold determin in good faith that effect the registr ( or permit sale under an effect registr ) would reason be expect to advers affect an offer of secur of moeli hold , ( b ) moeli hold is in possess of materi non-publ inform and deem it advis not to disclos such inform in a registr statement , or ( c ) due to a pend or contempl financ , acquisit , disposit , corpor reorgan , merger , public offer of secur or other similar transact or other materi event or circumst involv moeli hold or it securities. moeli hold will notifi the smbc unit-hold promptli upon the termin of the suspens period . upon notic by moeli hold to the smbc unit-hold of ani determin to commenc a suspens period , the smbc unit-hold shall , except as requir by applic law , includ ani disclosur oblig under section 13 of the exchang act , keep the fact of ani such suspens period strictli confidenti , and dure ani suspens period , promptli halt ani offer , sale ( includ sale pursuant to rule 144 ) , trade or transfer of ani partnership interest for the durat of the suspens period until moeli hold ha provid notic that the suspens period ha been termin . ( b ) if moeli hold suspend the use of a registr statement pursuant to section 13.6 ( a ) , the holder of registr secur shall receiv an extens of the registr period under section 13.1 ( a ) ( ii ) and 13.1 ( c ) equal to the number of day of the suspens . ( c ) the smbc unit-hold agre that , upon receipt of ani notic from moeli hold of the occurr of ani event of the kind describ in section 13.4 ( d ) or section 13.4 ( e ) or a condit describ in section 13.6 ( a ) , each smbc unit-hold will forthwith discontinu disposit of registr secur pursuant to the registr statement cover the sale of registr secur until the smbc unit-hold receiv copi of the supplement or amend prospectu contempl by section 13.4 ( d ) or section 13.6 ( d ) or notic from moeli hold of the termin of the stop order or suspens period . ( d ) after the expir of ani suspens period and without ani further request from a holder of partnership interest , moeli hold shall use it commerci reason effort to prepar a registr statement , or post-effect amend or supplement to the registr statement or prospectu or ani document incorpor therein by refer , or file ani other requir document so that , as thereaft deliv to purchas of the registr secur includ therein , the prospectu will not includ a materi misstat or omiss or be not effect and useabl for the sale of registr secur . 13.7 market stand-off agreement . ( a ) in connect with ani underwritten offer that is the ipo , or ani underwritten offer in which the smbc unit-hold are sell registr secur pursuant to section 13.1 or 13.2 , each smbc unit-hold agre that , dure the period of durat ( up to 180 day , subject to customari extens as may be requir by the underwrit or underwrit up to a maximum of 214 day ) specifi by moeli hold and the underwrit or underwrit of registr secur , follow the date of the final prospectu or other offer document distribut in connect with the underwritten offer , it shall not , to the extent request by moeli hold and such underwrit or underwrit , directli or indirectli , sell , offer to sell , contract to sell ( includ ani short sale or other hedg transact ) , grant ani option to purchas or otherwis transfer ani registr secur held by it at ani time dure such period except for such registr secur as shall be includ in such registr . notwithstand the forego , the oblig describ in thi section 13.7 ( a ) shall not appli ( i ) to a registr relat sole to employe benefit plan on form s-1 or form s-8 , ( ii ) to a registr relat sole to an acquisit or similar transact on form s-4 or ( iii ) unless all holder then hold more than 3 of the issu and outstand partnership interest ( and/or ani secur of moeli hold or ani successor entiti into which the partnership interest are convert , exchang or redesign ) with a contractu oblig enforc by moeli hold or it affili to do so and all of the then-curr execut offic and director ( if applic ) of moeli hold enter into similar agreement . ( b ) in order to enforc the forego coven , moeli hold may impos stop-transf instruct with respect to the registr secur of each smbc unit-hold until the end of such period . 13.8 registr expens . all fee and expens incid to moeli hold ’ s perform of or complianc with the oblig of thi articl xiii , includ all fee and expens incur in compli with secur or “ blue sky ” law , print expens , messeng and deliveri expens of moeli hold , ani registr or file fee payabl under ani feder or state secur or “ blue sky ” law , the fee and expens incur in connect with ani list or quot of the secur to be regist on ani nation secur exchang or autom quotat system , fee of the financi industri regulatori author , fee and disburs of counsel for moeli hold , it independ regist certifi public account firm and ani other public account who are requir to deliv comfort letter ( includ the expens requir by or incid to such perform ) , fee of transfer agent and registrar , cost of insur , and the fee and expens of other person retain by moeli hold , will be born by moeli holdings; provid , however; that the smbc unit-hold shall pay all reason out-of-pocket expens of moeli hold ( includ , for the avoid of doubt , all the fee set forth abov in thi section ) in connect with the demand registr subject to moeli hold ’ oblig set forth in section 13.1 ( a ) ( i ) . the smbc unit-hold will bear and pay ani fee and expens of smbc or it affili or their repres , includ their counsel , and ani underwrit discount , fee and commiss and ani transfer tax applic to registr secur offer for it account pursuant to ani registr statement . 13.9 indemnification; contribut . ( a ) in connect with ani registr of registr secur , moeli hold will indemnifi , defend and hold harmless each smbc unit-hold , it affili , director , offic and smbc unit-hold and each person who control smbc unit-hold within the mean of either section 15 of the secur act or section 20 of the exchang act ( collect , the “ indemnifi person ” ) from and against ani and all direct loss , claim , damag , liabil , oblig , cost and expens ( includ , without limit , as a result of ani notic , action , suit , proceed , claim , demand , assess , judgment , award , cost , penalti , tax and reason expens , includ reason attorney ’ and other profession ’ fee and disburs , but exclud ani consequenti damag ) ( collect “ loss ” ) caus by ( i ) ani untru or alleg untru statement of materi fact contain in ani part of ani registr statement or ani prospectu , includ ani amend or supplement thereto , use in connect with the registr secur or ani issuer fwp or ( ii ) ani omiss or alleg omiss to state therein a materi fact requir to be state therein or necessari to make the statement therein ( in the case of a prospectu , in the light of the circumst under which they were made ) not misleading; provid , howev , that moeli hold will not be requir to indemnifi ani indemnifi person for ani loss result from ani such untru statement or omiss if such untru statement or omiss wa made in relianc on and in conform with inform with respect to ani indemnifi person furnish to moeli hold in write by , or on behalf of , ani of the smbc unit-hold expressli for use therein . ( b ) in connect with ani registr statement , prospectu or issuer fwp , each smbc unit-hold , jointli and sever , will indemnifi , defend and hold harmless moeli hold , it director , it offic and each person , if ani , who control moeli hold ( within the mean of either section 15 of the secur act or section 20 of the exchang act ) to the same extent as the forego indemn from moeli hold to each smbc unit-hold , but onli with respect to inform furnish to moeli hold in write by , or on behalf of , ani smbc unit-hold or ani indemnifi person expressli for use in such registr statement , prospectu or issuer fwp; and provid , further , howev , that in no event shall the liabil for indemn of ani smbc unit-hold under thi section 13.9 ( b ) exceed the dollar amount of the proce ( net of ani underwrit discount or commiss or other sell expens ) receiv by such smbc unit-hold from the sale of the registr secur give rise to such indemnif . ( c ) in case ani claim , action or proceed ( includ ani government investig ) is institut involv ani person in respect of which indemn may be sought pursuant to section 13.9 ( a ) or 13.9 ( b ) , such person ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) will promptli , but in ani event within 10 busi day , notifi the person against whom such indemn may be sought ( the “ indemnifi parti ” ) in write , and the indemnifi parti shall have the right to particip in , and to the extent the indemnifi parti so desir , to assum the defens thereof with counsel reason satisfactori to the indemnifi party; provid , that the failur of ani indemnifi parti to give notic within the time limit provid herein shall not reliev the indemnifi parti of it oblig under section 13.9 ( a ) or 13.9 ( b ) , except to the extent that the indemnifi parti is actual and materi prejud by such failur to give notic . in ani such claim , action or proceed where the indemnifi parti ha assum the defens thereof , the indemnifi parti shall have the right , but not the oblig , to particip in ani such defens and to retain it own counsel , but the fee and expens of such counsel will be at the expens of such indemnifi parti unless the indemnifi parti and the indemnifi parti have been advis by counsel that represent of both parti by the same counsel would be inappropri due to actual or potenti conflict interest between them . it is understood that the indemnifi parti will not , in connect with ani claim , action or proceed or relat claim , action or proceed in the same jurisdict , be liabl for the reason fee and expens of more than one separ firm of attorney ( in addit to ani local counsel ) at ani time for all such indemnifi parti and that all such reason fee and expens will be reimburs as they are incur . in the case of the retent of ani such separ firm for the indemnifi parti , such firm will be design in write by the indemnifi parti . no indemnifi parti will , without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , settl , compromis or offer to settl or compromis ani pend or threaten proceed in respect of which ani indemnifi parti is seek indemn hereund . the indemnifi parti will not be liabl for ani settlement of ani claim , action or proceed effect without it written consent , but if such claim , action or proceed is settl with such consent or if there ha been a final judgment for the plaintiff , the indemnifi parti agre to indemnifi the indemnifi parti from and against ani loss by reason of such settlement or judgment . no indemnifi parti will , without the prior written consent of the indemnifi parti , settl , compromis or offer to settl or compromis ani pend or threaten proceed in respect of which ani indemnifi parti is seek indemn hereund , unless such settlement includ ( i ) an uncondit releas of such indemnifi parti from all liabil in connect with such proceed , ( ii ) no find or admiss of ani violat of law or ani violat of the right of ani person by the indemnifi parti or ani of it affili can be made as the result of such action , and ( iii ) the sole relief ( if ani ) provid is monetari damag that are reimburs in full by the indemnifi parti . ( d ) if the indemnif provid for in thi section 13.9 from the indemnifi parti is unavail to an indemnifi parti hereund or is insuffici in respect of ani loss refer to in thi section 13.9 , then the indemnifi parti , in lieu of indemnifi such indemnifi parti , will contribut to the amount paid or payabl by such indemnifi parti as a result of such loss ( i ) in such proport as is appropri to reflect the rel fault of the indemnifi parti and indemnifi parti in connect with the action that result in such loss , as well as ani other relev equit consider , or ( ii ) if the alloc provid by claus ( i ) is not permit by applic law , in such proport as is appropri to reflect not onli the rel fault refer to in claus ( i ) but also the rel benefit of moeli hold , on the one hand , and each smbc unit-hold , on the other , in connect with the statement or omiss that result in such loss , as well as ani other relev equit considerations; provid , howev , that in no event shall a smbc unit-hold be requir by thi section 13.9 ( d ) to contribut an aggreg amount in excess of the dollar amount of proce ( net of underwrit discount and commiss and other sell expens ) receiv by such smbc unit-hold from the sale of registr secur give rise to such contribut . the rel fault of such indemnifi parti and indemnifi parti will be determin by refer to , among other thing , whether ani action in question , includ ani untru or alleg untru statement of a materi fact or omiss or alleg omiss to state a materi fact , ha been taken by , or relat to inform suppli by , such indemnifi parti or indemnifi parti , and the parti ’ rel intent , knowledg , access to inform and opportun to correct or prevent such action . the amount paid or payabl by a parti as a result of the loss refer to abov will be deem to includ , subject to the limit set forth in section 13.9 ( c ) , ani reason out of pocket legal or other out of pocket fee or expens reason incur by such parti in connect with ani investig or proceed . ( e ) the parti agre that it would not be just and equit if contribut pursuant to section 13.9 ( d ) were determin by pro rata alloc or by ani other method of alloc that doe not take into account the equit consider refer to in section 13.9 ( d ) . no person guilti of “ fraudul misrepresent ” ( within the mean of section 11 ( f ) of the secur act ) will be entitl to contribut from ani person who wa not guilti of such fraudul misrepresent . notwithstand the provis of thi section 13.9 ( e ) , a smbc unit-hold shall not be requir to contribut , in the aggreg , ani amount in excess of the amount by which the net proce receiv by such smbc unit-hold from the sale of the registr secur exce the amount of ani damag which such smbc unit-hold ha otherwis been requir to pay by reason of such untru or alleg untru statement or omiss or alleg omiss . ( f ) if indemnif is avail under thi section 13.9 , the indemnifi parti will indemnifi each indemnifi parti to the fullest extent permiss under applic law provid in section 13.9 ( a ) and 13.9 ( b ) without regard to the rel fault of said indemnifi parti or indemnifi parti or ani other equit consider provid for in section 13.9 ( d ) or 13.9 ( e ) . the oblig of moeli hold under thi section 13.9 shall be in addit to ani liabil that moeli hold may otherwis have to ani indemnifi person . ( g ) notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , each of the indemnifi parti ha reli on thi section 13.9 , is an express third parti beneficiari of thi section 13.9 and is entitl to enforc the oblig of the applic indemnifi parti under thi section 13.9 directli against such indemnifi parti to the full extent thereof . 13.10 rule 144. for so long as moeli hold is subject to the requir of section 13 , 14 or 15 ( d ) of the secur act , moeli hold agre that it will use it reason best effort to ( i ) make and keep public inform avail , as those term are understood and defin in rule 144 and ( ii ) file the report requir to be file by it under the secur act and the exchang act . 13.11 transfer of registr right . the right to caus moeli hold to regist secur grant to the smbc unit-hold under thi articl xiii may be assign by the smbc unit-hold with the consent of moeli hold , except that the smbc unit-hold may assign such right to their wholly-own subsidiari without the consent of moeli hold . 13.12 termin of registr right . the registr right contain in section 13.1 shall automat termin when the smbc unit-hold collect hold registr secur in an amount less than ( i ) 1 of the issu and outstand partnership interest ( and/or ani secur of moeli hold or ani successor entiti into which the partnership interest are convert , exchang or redesign ) and ( ii ) the averag weekli report volum of trade in partnership interest ( and/or ani secur of moeli hold or ani successor entiti into which the smbc unit are convert , exchang or redesign ) on all nation secur exchang and/or report through the autom quotat system of a regist secur associ for the four calendar week preced the date on which such determin is made . articl xiv . represent and warranties; conduct of busi 14.1 represent and warranti of moeli . moeli hold and moeli gener partner each repres and warrant to smbc/nikko that : ( a ) organ . moeli gener partner ha been duli form and is validli exist as a limit liabil compani under the delawar limit liabil compani act . moeli hold ha been duli form and is validli exist as a limit partnership under the delawar revis uniform limit partnership act . ( b ) power , author , etc . each of moeli hold and moeli gener partner ha all requisit power and author to enter into thi agreement and to consumm the transact contempl herein . the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement do not requir ani further consent of ani third parti or government author . thi agreement ha been duli author , execut and deliv by moeli hold and moeli gener partner and , when duli execut and deliv by the other parti hereto , will be the valid and bind oblig of moeli hold and moeli gener partner , enforc in accord with it term , except ( a ) as may be limit by or subject to ani bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , moratorium or other similar law affect creditor ’ right gener and ( b ) that the remedi of specif perform , injunct and other form of equit relief may not be avail becaus they are subject to certain test of equiti jurisdict , equit defens and the discret of the court befor which ani proceed therefor may be brought . ( c ) other . each of the represent and warranti set out in exhibit a of thi agreement are true and correct on the date hereof . 14.2 represent and warranti of smbc/nikko . smbc and nikko each repres and warrant to moeli hold and moeli gener partner that : ( a ) organization. smbc and nikko have been duli form and are validli exist as corpor under the law of japan . ( b ) power , author , etc . smbc and nikko have all requisit power and author to enter into thi agreement and to consumm the transact contempl herein . the execut , deliveri and perform of thi agreement by smbc and nikko doe not requir ani further consent of ani third parti or government author . thi agreement ha been duli author , execut and deliv by each of smbc and nikko and , when duli execut and deliv by the other parti hereto , will be the valid and bind oblig of smbc and nikko , enforc in accord with it term , except ( a ) as may be limit by or subject to ani bankruptci , insolv , reorgan , moratorium or other similar law affect creditor ’ right gener and ( b ) that the remedi of specif perform , injunct and other form of equit relief may not be avail becaus they are subject to certain test of equiti jurisdict , equit defens and the discret of the court befor which ani proceed therefor may be brought . 14.3 surviv of coven , represent and warranti . each of the coven , represent and warranti of the parti in thi agreement and the subscript agreement shall surviv the close through and includ the date thirti ( 30 ) day follow the receipt by smbc/nikko of the audit financi statement of moeli hold as of and for the year end decemb 31 , 2012. articl xv . miscellan 15.1 expenses; no partnership or joint ventur . each parti will bear it own legal , market , travel and other expens in connect with the strateg alliance. no parti is the partner , joint ventur partner or agent of ani other parti with power to bind ani other parti contractu . thi agreement and the strateg allianc repres an agreement to cooper and not a partnership or joint ventur agreement . no parti owe ani other parti a fiduciari duti by virtu of thi agreement or the oper of the strateg allianc . 15.2 notic . notic under thi agreement must be in write and may be deliv by mail , overnight deliveri servic or email as follow : if to smbc : 2-3 , otemachi 1-chome chiyoda-ku , tokyo 100-0004 attent : toshihiro horiuchi , senior vice presid , secur busi plan dept. , plan dept. , invest bank unit . email address : horiuchi_toshihirock.smbc.co.jp if to nikko : shin-marunouchi build 18f , 5-1 , marunouchi 1-chome , chiyoda-ku , tokyo 100-6518 attent : masami hagiwara , head of merger & acquisit administr email address : hagiwara_masamismbcnikko.co.jp if to moeli hold : moeli & compani hold lp 399 park avenu , 5th floor new york , ny 10022 attent : kate pilcher ciafon , senior vice presid email address : kate.ciafonemoelis.com , with a copi to : attent : osamu watanab , gener counsel email address : osamu.watanabemoelis.com 15.3 entir agreement; amendment; waivers; counterpart . thi agreement and the subscript agreement ( as modifi by ani letter agreement between the parti enter into on the date hereof ) , incorpor the entir understand of the parti and supersed all previou agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof . no amend or modif of thi agreement shall be effect unless it is made in write and sign by each of the parti . no waiver , express or impli , by ani parti of a breach by anoth parti of thi agreement , or of ani term and provis of thi agreement , shall constitut a waiver of ani subsequ such breach or of futur enforc of ani such term or provis . thi agreement may be execut in three or more counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin , but all of which shall constitut one and the same agreement . 15.4 no assign . thi agreement may not be assign by ani parti without the written consent of the other parti , except to a subsidiari or control affili of such parti which succe such parti ’ s conduct of cover busi . 15.5 oblig and respons of smbc/nikko . smbc and nikko shall be sever and not jointli respons for ani oblig or respons incur or assum by smb c/nikko hereund . 15.6 separ . in case one or more of the provis contain in thi agreement are for ani reason held to be invalid , illeg or unenforc in ani respect under ani such law or regul , the invalid , illeg , or unenforc will not affect ani other provis of thi agreement , which will be constru as if contain in thi agreement , and each illeg , invalid or unenforc provis will be constru as broadli as may be possibl so that the origin intent of the parti is given effect to the greatest extent possibl . 15.7 complianc with law . each of the parti shall execut and perform thi agreement in complianc with all applic law or regul . notwithstand the forego , a parti shall not be oblig to take ani action that violat , infring or conflict with or prohibit from take ani action requir to be in complianc with ani applic law or regul . 15.8 govern laws; jurisdict . thi agreement shall be govern by , and constru in accord with , the law of the state of new york without regard to principl of conflict of law . the parti irrevoc and uncondit submit to the exclus jurisdict of ani state or feder court sit in manhattan , new york over ani suit , action or proceed aris out of or relat to thi agreement . the parti herebi agre that servic of ani process , summon , notic or document by u.s. regist mail address to such parti at the address abov shall be effect servic of process for ani action , suit or proceed brought in ani such court . the parti irrevoc and uncondit waiv ani object to the lay of venu of ani such suit , action or proceed brought in ani such court and ani claim that ani such suit , action or proceed brought in such a court ha been brought in an inconveni forum . each parti waiv ani right to trial by juri with respect to ani proceed aris out of thi agreement . notwithstand the forego , ani matter relat to the smbc unit-hold ’ right or oblig as limit partner of moeli hold shall be subject to section 10.4 and 10.10 of the moeli hold agreement and not to thi section 15.8 . 15.9 effect on prior agreement . commenc as of the effect date , the right and oblig of the parti shall be determin pursuant to thi agreement and the prior agreement shall be of no further effect; provid , that , ani fee and expens due to a parti outstand thereund shall be deem to be outstand under thi agreement . 15.10 good faith discussion; further assur . should there be ani disput or disagr with respect to ani matter not set forth in thi agreement , the parti will discuss in good faith to resolv such disput or disagr . each parti shall use it reason effort to cooper with the other parti if necessari for complianc with law and regul applic to such other parti in relat to the smbc unit- holder ’ hold of smbc unit or transact or matter contempl under the subscript agreement , the side letter , thi agreement and the moeli hold agreement . [ signatur page follow ] in wit whereof , the parti have caus thi agreement to be execut and deliv on the date first written abov . sumitomo mitsui bank corpor by : name : takeshi kunib titl : presid smbc nikko secur inc. by : name : eiji watanab titl : presid & ceo moeli & compani hold lp by : moeli & compani hold gp llc it : gener partner by : name : kenneth d. moeli titl : chief execut offic moeli & compani hold gp llc by : name : kenneth d. moeli titl : chief execut offic [ signatur page to the strateg allianc agreement ] exhibit a represent and warranti of the moeli entiti in addit to the represent and warranti set forth in the subscript agreement , and except as specif set forth in the disclosur schedul deliv to smbc/nikko simultan with the execut hereof ( the “ moeli disclosur schedul ” ) , moeli hold and moeli gener partner repres and warrant to smbc/nikko that : ( a ) organ and author . each of the moeli entiti ha all requisit corpor or other entiti power and author to own or leas all of it properti and asset and to carri on it busi as it is now be conduct and is duli licens or qualifi to do busi in each jurisdict in which the natur of the busi conduct by it or the charact or locat of the properti and asset own or leas by it make such licens or qualif necessari , other than ani failur to be so licens or qualifi that would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole . ( b ) moeli hold agreement . the moeli hold agreement ha been duli author , execut and deliv by moeli gener partner and is a valid and legal bind agreement of moeli gener partner , enforc against it in accord with it term , except ( i ) as the enforc thereof may be limit by bankruptci , insolv , reorgan or other similar applic law affect the enforc of creditor ’ right gener and ( ii ) that the remedi of specif perform , injunct and other form of equit relief may not be avail becaus they are subject to certain test of equiti jurisdict , equit defens and the discret of the court befor which ani proceed therefor may be brought . the moeli hold agreement attach as tab 5 of the subscript agreement is a true , correct and complet copi of the moeli hold agreement as current in effect . ( c ) affili . each control affili of moeli hold is duli organ , validli exist and in good stand under the law of the jurisdict of it incorpor or format and ha all requisit corpor or other entiti power and author to own or leas all of it properti and asset and to carri on it busi as it is now be conduct and is duli licens or qualifi to do busi in each jurisdict in which the natur of the busi conduct by it or the charact or locat of the properti and asset own or leas by it make such licens or qualif necessari , other than ani failur to be in good stand or to be so licens or qualifi that would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole . all the issu and outstand share of capit stock or other partnership , equiti or ownership interest of such control affili have been duli author and validli issu , are fulli paid and nonassess with no person liabil attach to the ownership thereof ( except as provid for in the govern document of such control affili ) , have been issu in complianc with all applic secur law , and were not issu in violat of ani preemptiv right or other right to subscrib for or purchas secur . except as set forth in the moeli disclosur schedul , moeli hold own , directli or indirectli , all of the issu and outstand equiti interest of each of it control affili , free and clear of all lien or encumbr . ( d ) capit . ( 1 ) the moeli disclosur schedul set forth a true and complet list of the number , class and seri of each issu and outstand class and seri of partnership interest as of the date of thi agreement . ( 2 ) all of the issu and outstand partnership interest have been duli author and validli issu and are fulli paid and nonassess , and have been issu in complianc with all applic secur law , and were not issu in violat of ani preemptiv right or other right to subscrib for or purchas secur . ( 3 ) except with respect to employe of moeli hold or it control affili and except as set forth in the moeli hold agreement , none of moeli hold or ani of it control affili ha or is bound by ani outstand subscript , option , warrant , call , commit or agreement of ani charact call for the purchas or issuanc of , or secur or option , warrant or right convert or exercis into or exchang for , ani partnership interest or other equiti or synthet ownership interest of moeli hold or ani control affili , or ani secur repres or contractu right grant the right ( i ) to purchas or otherwis receiv ani equiti interest in moeli hold or ani control affili ( includ ani right plan or agreement ) or ( ii ) to receiv ani period or other distribut on net incom or net loss or upon the liquid and wind up of moeli hold or ani control affili . ( 4 ) ( a ) except as set forth in the moeli disclosur schedul , as of the date of thi agreement , there are no , written or oral , side letter , contract , memorandum of understand and ani other agreement enter into between ani of moeli entiti on one hand and ani limit partner of moeli hold on the other hand in respect to of the issuanc or hold of ani class or type of interest in moeli hold , regardless of whether such side letter , written contract , memorandum of understand and ani other agreement are enter into by such limit partner in it capac as such , except for ani vest agreement , employ agreement , offer letter or similar agreement enter into between the moeli entiti and employe of moeli hold or it control affiliates; and ( b ) as of the date of thi agreement , no preferenti vote or econom right grant to ani limit partner of moeli hold pursuant to ani represent ( d ) transact agreement ( as defin in the moeli disclosur schedul ) would reason be expect to significantli and advers affect ani vote or econom right of the smbc unit-hold under the moeli hold agreement , the subscript agreement , the side letter or thi agreement ( as applic ) , other than as a result of dilut in accord with the moeli hold agreement from the issuanc of addit manag unit pursuant to such represent ( d ) transact agreement . ( 5 ) the moeli disclosur schedul set forth a schedul of smbc ’ s pro forma ownership of moeli hold , as of the date of thi agreement , after give effect to the transact contempl by the subscript agreement and the methodolog for calcul such pro forma ownership as describ in such schedul . ( e ) partnership interest . the issuanc of partnership interest to smbc pursuant to the subscript agreement ha been duli author by all necessari action on the part of moeli hold . when issu , deliv and sold against receipt of a-2 the consider therefor as provid in the subscript agreement , such partnership interest will be validli issu , fulli paid and nonassess and without ani person liabil attach to the ownership thereof ( except as provid for in the moeli hold agreement ) , will not be issu in violat of or subject to preemptiv right of ani other unithold of moeli hold and will not result in the violat or trigger of ani price-bas antidilut adjust under ani agreement to which moeli hold is a parti . the issuanc of partnership interest to smbc qualifi as an issuanc of “ addit unit ” to a “ strateg investor ” under section 3.4.1 of the moeli hold agreement for which exist common partner will not have the right of first refus as provid therein . ( f ) no conflict . neither the execut and deliveri by the moeli entiti of the strateg allianc agreement or the subscript agreement , nor the consumm of the transact contempl therebi , nor complianc by the moeli entiti with ani of the provis thereof , will violat ani applic law or regul or violat , conflict with , or result in a breach of ani provis of , or constitut a default ( or an event which , with notic or laps of time or both , would constitut a default ) under , or result in the termin of , or result in the loss of ani benefit or creation of ani right on the part of ani third parti under , or acceler the perform requir by , or result in a right of termin or acceler of , or result in the creation of ani lien or encumbr upon ani of the materi properti or asset of ani of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili under ani of the term , condit or provis of ( i ) their respect organiz document or ( ii ) ani note , bond , mortgag , indentur , deed of trust , licens , leas , agreement or other instrument or oblig to which ani of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili is a parti or by which it may be bound , or to which ani of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili or ani of the properti or asset of ani of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili may be subject , except as would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole . ( g ) consent . no consent or approv of or prior file or registr with ani government author or with ani third parti are necessari in connect with the execut and deliveri by the moeli entiti of the strateg allianc agreement , the subscript agreement or the side letter , or the consumm of the transact contempl therebi . ( h ) financi statement . the moeli entiti have previous made avail to smbc/nikko true and correct copi of ( i ) the consolid balanc sheet of moeli hold as of decemb 31 for the fiscal year 2007 through 2010 , inclus , and the relat consolid statement of incom , chang in total capit and of cash flow for the fiscal year then end , in each case accompani by the audit report of deloitt and touch llp , independ public account with respect to moeli hold and ( ii ) the septemb 30 , 2011 unaudit consolid balanc sheet of moeli hold and the relat unaudit consolid statement of incom , chang in total capit and of cash flow for the nine-month period then end ( includ the relat note , where applic ) ( each of the abov , the “ financi statement ” ) . the financi statement have been prepar from , are in accord with and accur reflect in all a-3 materi respect , the book and record of moeli hold and it control affili , have been prepar in all materi respect in accord with unit state gener accept account principl appli on a consist basi dure the period involv ( except as may be state in the note thereto ) , are true and complet and fairli present in all materi respect the consolid financi posit and the consolid result of oper and cash flow ( and chang in financi posit , if ani ) of moeli hold and it control affili as of the time and for the period refer to therein ( subject , in the case of unaudit statement , to normal recur year-end audit adjust which are not materi either individu or in the aggreg ) . ( i ) busi plan . all estim and pro forma financi inform contain in the busi plan includ in the moeli disclosur schedul , as of the date of the busi plan were prepar in good faith by the moeli entiti . ( j ) properti and leas . moeli hold and it control affili have good and market titl to all materi properti and asset , real and person , tangibl or intang , own by them , in each case free from lien or encumbr that would materi affect the valu thereof or interfer with the use made or to be made thereof by them in ani materi respect . moeli hold and it control affili own or leas all materi properti as are necessari to their oper as now conduct . ( k ) tax . the moeli entiti and their control affili have file , or join in the file of , all materi tax return requir to be file by or with respect to them prior to the date of thi agreement , and to the best knowledg of the moeli entiti all such tax return are true , accur and complet in all materi respect and all materi amount of tax shown to be due in such tax return have been paid , collect or withheld , as the case may be . with respect to ani complet taxabl period for which such tax return have not yet been file , or for which tax are not yet due or owe , the moeli entiti and their control affili have made due and suffici current accrual for ani such tax on their respect balanc sheet in accord with unit state gener accept account principl . to the best knowledg of the moeli entiti , there are no materi claim or assess pend against the moeli entiti or their control affili for ani alleg defici in ani tax , and the moeli entiti and their control affili have not been notifi of ani materi propos tax claim or assess against the moeli entiti or their control affili . ( l ) no undisclos liabil . as of the date of thi agreement , neither moeli hold nor ani of it control affili ha ani liabil or oblig of ani natur ( absolut , accru , conting or otherwis ) except for ( i ) liabil or oblig disclos in the financi statement and current liabil that have arisen sinc the date thereof in the ordinari and usual cours of busi and consist with past practic , ( ii ) liabil or oblig aris under contract enter into by moeli hold and/or it control affili prior to the date hereof , or ( iii ) liabil or oblig that would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on moeli hold and it control affili , taken as a whole . a-4 ( m ) employ agreement . each manag director of moeli hold or ani of it control affili , as applic , ha enter into either an offer letter , agreement or term sheet set forth the term of such manag director ’ s employ and vest of manag unit grant to such manag director in connect with hi or her employ . the form of vest agreement for the manag unit provid by moeli hold to smbc/nikko , taken as a whole , are repres of the vest agreement enter into by moeli hold or each control affili , as applic , with respect to the grant of manag unit; except for differ that would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole , or the smbc unit- holder ’ partnership interest . ( n ) litig . none of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili is a parti to ani , and there are no pend or , to the moeli entiti ’ knowledg , threaten , materi legal , administr , arbitr or other proceed , claim , action or government or regulatori investig ( i ) of ani natur against the moeli entiti or ani control affili except as would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole , or ( ii ) challeng the valid or proprieti of the transact contempl by the subscript agreement . there is no materi injunct , order , judgment , decre or regulatori restrict impos upon the moeli entiti , ani control affili or ani of their asset , except for regulatori restrict of gener applic . ( o ) complianc with law . each of the moeli entiti and each of their control affili have all permit , licens , franchis , author , order and approv of , and have made all file , applic and registr with , all government author that are requir in order to permit them to own or leas their properti and asset and to carri on their busi as they are now be conduct other than ani failur that would not reason be expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole . except as would not be reason expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole , each of the moeli entiti and their control affili ha compli with , and is not in default or violat of , and none of them is given notic of ani violat or threat of violat of , to the knowledg of the moeli entiti , under investig with respect to or , to the knowledg of the moeli entiti , ha been threaten to be charg with , ani applic law , statut , ordin , licens , rule , regul , polici or guidelin , order , demand , writ , injunct , decre or judgment of ani government author . except as would not be reason expect to have a materi advers effect on the moeli entiti and their control affili , taken as a whole , and except for statutori or regulatori restrict of gener applic , no government author ha place ani restrict on the busi or properti of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili . ( p ) risk manag . the moeli entiti and their control affili have in place risk manag polici and procedur , of the type and in the form that the moeli entiti and their control affili believ , in good faith , are suffici in scope and oper to protect against risk of the type and in the form a-5 expect to be use by person of similar size and in similar line of busi as such moeli entiti or control affili . ( q ) insur . the moeli entiti and their control affili maintain insur underwritten by insur of recogn financi respons , of the type and in the amount that the moeli entiti and their control affili believ , in good faith , are adequ for their respect busi , all of which insur is in full forc and effect . ( r ) perman disabl . to the knowledg of the moeli entiti , ( i ) km ha not ( a ) suffer and is not current suffer ani physic or mental incapac or disabl , total or partial , that would constitut or would reason be expect to result in a key man event ( as such term is defin in the moeli hold agreement ) or ( b ) been absent from work for three or more consecut month at ani time sinc the incept of the moeli entiti and ( ii ) no other circumst or condit exist that would constitut or would reason be expect to result in a key man event. sinc the incept of the moeli entiti , no key man event ha occur . ( s ) affili parti transact . except as set forth in the moeli disclosur schedul and except for agreement relat to employ , ( i ) ani materi transact between ani of the moeli entiti , on the one hand and the manag partner of ani of the moeli entiti or ani of their affili ( other than ani of the moeli entiti and ani control affili ) , on the other hand are on term and condit as favor to each of the moeli entiti as would have been obtain by it in a compar arm ’ s-length transact with an unrel third parti . ( t ) no guarante of perform . none of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili ha guarante the futur perform or result of , or is liabl in connect with , on behalf of , or for , ani oblig of ( i ) ani pool invest vehicl , open-end invest compani , closed-end invest compani , unit invest trust or busi develop compani or other privat or public fund ( except , gener partner liabil to the extent impos by applic law ) or ( ii ) ani person to which ani of the moeli entiti or ani of their control affili provid invest manag or invest advisori servic , includ ani sub-advisori servic , pursuant to an invest advisori contract . ( u ) effect of agreement . none of thi agreement , the subscript agreement or ani other agreement enter into in connect therewith is subject to the disclosur right under , or grant other limit partner right pursuant to , section 10.19 of the moeli hold agreement . a-6