exhibit 10.1 [ ] text omit for confidenti treatment . the redact inform ha been exclud becaus it is both ( i ) not materi and ( ii ) would be competit harm if publicli disclos . global master suppli agreement thi global master suppli agreement ( `` agreement '' or `` contract '' ) is between exxonmobil chemic compani , a divis of exxon mobil corpor ( `` seller '' ) , on behalf of itself and in the interest of the exxonmobil affili list on attach b ( each an `` exxonmobil sell affili '' or `` emcc/a '' or collect , `` exxonmobil sell affili '' ) , and west pharmaceut servic , inc. ( `` buyer '' ) , on behalf of itself and the buyer affili list on attach c ( each a `` buyer affili '' or “ west/a '' or collect , `` buyer affili '' ) . product , quantiti , price in accord with the provis of thi agreement , exxonmobil sell affili agre to sell to buyer affili , and buyer affili agre to purchas from exxonmobil sell affili , the follow product ( s ) ( collect , `` product '' ) : product quantiti [ metric ton / year ] contain packag year [ ] [ ] minimum maximum [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] leas metal crate [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] leas metal crate [ ] not defin leas metal crate subject to thi agreement 's term and condit , buyer affili shall purchas and exxonmobil sell affili shall sell the yearli minimum amount of product amount ( in the aggreg ) list abov . buyer or buyer affili may request to purchas amount over the product maximum amount per year , howev , it shall be sole within seller or ani exxonmobil sell affili ’ s discret whether and under which condit to accommod buyer 's request . buyer affili shall issu a purchas order ( s ) , or call off order ( s ) when purchas product from exxonmobil sell affili in write pursuant to thi contract ( `` purchas order '' ) . such purchas order ( s ) shall specifi ( a ) the quantiti of product , and ( b ) gener date of deliveri . all purchas order agre to be fill by an exxonmobil sell affili shall be deem to be a separ agreement between the relev exxonmobil sell affili and the relev buyer affili , incorpor the term of thi contract . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in the attach exxonmobil and the exxonmobil sell affili shall not unreason reject ani purchas order that otherwis compli with the term of thi agreement . purchas order ( s ) , order acknowledg and similar form document evidenc the purchas or sale of product , includ ani term and condit contain or referenc therein , shall not supersed , add to or amend in ani way thi contract . in the event of ani conflict between the term of thi contract and the term of ani purchas order , order acknowledg or similar document the term of thi contract shall prevail . [ ] price for calendar year 2019 , 2020 , 2021 , 2022 and 2023 , the price of product sold by seller/exxonmobil sell affili to buyer/buy affili will compris the base price , the crude adjust and the freight cost depend on incoterm . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 base price request deliveri date 1.1.2019 - 28.2.2019 : all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t 1.3.2019 - 31.12.2019 : all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t 1.1.2020 - 31.12.2020 : all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t 1.1.2021 - 31.12.2021 : all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t 1.1.2022 - 31.12.2022 : all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t 1.1.2023 - 31.12.2023 : all [ ] grade except [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] : [ ] /t [ ] base price list abov are non-deliv price ( i.e. , ex-work design exxon affili locat ( see attach b ) - incoterm 2010 ( “ exw ” ) and doe not includ freight or insur . seller and buyer shall meet on or befor decemb 31 , [ ] to assess the requir for a price and/or volum adjust in good faith on the price for product sold by seller/exxonmobil sell affili to buyer/buy affili for year [ ] and [ ] . notwithstand anyth to the contrari in attach a , g and h to thi agreement , the parti agre that ani permit adjust to the price , freight or payment term for product sold hereund will be govern by the term of the price and payment term section of thi agreement . buyer affili shall pay exxonmobil 's sell affili invoic ( s ) not later than the day set forth in attach e hereto . all invoic shall be paid in full by wire transfer in accord with the invoic 's instruct . crude trigger claus product price ( s ) shall be subject to the averag brent crude oil price evolut ( as further detail below ) in order to reflect the cost of energi . should the averag brent crude oil price at ani moment dure the term of thi agreement move to a differ averag brent crude oil price bracket as mention below , seller may increas or decreas the product price by [ ] for everi [ ] chang in the averag brent crude oil price . in no event shall the product price ’ s increas or decreas exceed [ ] for everi [ ] chang in the averag brent crude oil price bracket . each averag brent crude oil bracket is calcul on a 5 rang basi ( e.g. , 30-35 , 40-45 , 50-55 , etc. ) . the averag brent crude oil price evolut shall be express as the three-month averag spot price per barrel of the brent crude sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 oil ( as publish in the wall street journal ) . thi averag shall be calcul as the averag of the price for the immedi preced three consecut calendar month , with each month 's price calcul as the averag of the daili price . ani convers between unit state dollar and euro will be carri out by use the averag of the european central bank ’ s daili foreign exchang rate as publish in reuter 's screen ecb 37 for the period in question . ani product price adjust shall take effect the month immedi follow seller ’ s notif of an increas or decreas in product price . titl and risk of loss - exxonmobil chemic compani and exxonmobil chemic servic america inc. titl to the product ( s ) to be sold and deliv hereund will transfer simultan with the risk upon deliveri as per the applic lncoterm ( lncoterm 2010 ) in attach e with the except of the follow : for product sold and/or sourc by exxonmobil chemic compani or exxonmobil chemic servic america inc. that is ship oversea to a non-u.s. locat , titl and risk of loss of product shall transfer from exxonmobil chemic compani or exxonmobil chemic servic america inc. to buyer affili at the first point upon which the deliv marin vessel cross the outer boundari of the unit state exclus econom zone ( eez ) . the eez extend 200 nautic mile beyond the coastal baselin defin in the unit nation convent on the law of the sea . for product sold by exxonmobil chemic compani that is transport by land to mexico , titl and risk of loss of product shall transfer from exxonmobil chemic compani to buyer affili at the frontier between laredo , texa , u.s.a. and mexico ( not unload ) , but prior to the custom border of mexico . locat of suppli buyer/buy affili that may purchas product from exxonmobil sell affili are list in attach c. other product and locat may be ad upon mutual agreement in write . ani and all sale of product between exxonmobil chemic compani and/or exxonmobil chemic servic america , inc. and buyer affili in the u.s. , mexico and brazil shall be subject to the term and condit set forth in attach a hereto . ani and all sale of product between exxonmobil petroleum & chemic and buyer affili in franc , germani , denmark , serbia , ireland and the unit kingdom shall be subject to the term and condit set forth in attach h hereto . ani and all sale of product between exxonmobil chemic asia pacif and buyer affili in singapor , china and india shall be subject to the term and condit set forth in attach g hereto . buyer/buy affili are respons for the product and return crate in their custodi at the sale valu of the product and the replac valu of the metal crate , respect . the term relat to the use and return of metal crate are set out in attach f. affili exxonmobil sell affili particip in thi agreement are list in attach b. buyer affili particip in thi agreement are list in attach c. seller and buyer each repres and warrant that each will caus it respect affili , so list , to becom bound to the term of thi agreement . qualiti product shall conform to exxonmobil sell affili ' standard sale specif as of the date of shipment . seller agre to support the creation of purchas specif for product by buyer and agre to suppli product in accord to those purchas specif . seller ha the right to review each purchas specif and need to accept in write befor such purchas specif becom effect . seller ha the right to take except to term and provis in these purchas specif if in contradict with seller ’ s sale specif , gener term and condit of sale or other seller ’ s procedur and polici . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 buyer and seller agre to enter into negoti on an extend qualiti assur agreement . provid that these negoti will be success , such agreement shall then be incorpor into thi contract as an amend to it . agreement period effect date : januari 1 , 2019 termin date : decemb 31 , 2023 payment term buyer/buy affili shall pay for product by electron fund transfer ( eft ) through the autom clear hous ( ach ) use the corpor trade exchang ( ctx ) format , accord to the payment term describ in attach e. technic support emcc/a will provid technic expertis in the use of product and will use it technic center to enhanc technic commun with west pharmaceut servic affili technic center . west/a will share it need with emcc/a and how they relat to west/a activ to help guid exxonmobil chemic affili technic effort . the parti have creat and continu to entertain a research and develop govern structur with a steer team , program manag team and work team . the charter , role and meet frequenc are describ in mutual agre document and will be review period as deem appropri by the parti . safeti , health & environ safeti , health and environ ( she ) profession repres from both parti shall endeavor to meet onc a year ( face to face or via teleconfer ) to exchang and benchmark on best practic . the parti agre to notifi each other on she relat issu that may aris from the use of product . the parti agre to explor the reuse/recycl of articl , manufactur trim and scrap buyer produc from product purchas from seller . audit on request of buyer , buyer is allow to carri out on-sit manufactur and qualiti audit in manufactur unit where product are produc . the frequenc of such audit shall not exceed one audit per site within three year suppli secur buyer is seek for an increas level of suppli secur and addit risk mitig strategi and action in case of short and long term suppli disrupt of product . seller agre to enter into discuss and negoti with buyer and to take reason effort to enhanc such risk mitig and busi continu strategi . collabor plan and suppli assur , forecast buyer and seller agre to conven onc everi calendar year to discuss annual product quantiti . buyer ha provid seller with an annual non- bind forecast for the respect contract year . as request by the seller , the buyer will provid a quarterli forecast for the subsequ contract year . seller will provid buyer a quarterli overview of the plan product run of each butyl grade purchas for buyer . seller shall acknowledg in write the request deliveri and time of product and volum . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 chang control chang to the manufactur process are care control and are subject to review and formal approv by emcc/a or other affili of exxon mobil corpor prior to implement . buyer will be inform at least six month in advanc of ani chang determin by emcc/a to result in a signific chang to the chemic composit or perform of the product . [ ] credit if seller/exxonmobil sell affili ' ha reason ground for insecur with respect to the financi respons of buyer/buy affili , seller/exxonmobil sell affili may requir advanc cash payment or satisfactori secur and may withhold product shipment until receipt of such payment or secur . such action by seller/exxonmobil sell affili shall not constitut a chang of payment term hereund . if amount due hereund are place with an outsid agenc for collect , or if suit is brought for collect , or if collect through probat , bankruptci or other judici proceed , then buyer/buy affili shall pay all cost of collect , includ attorney ' fee , in addit to all other amount due . set-off and recoveri with respect to ani monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal due from buyer/buy affili to seller/exxonmobil sell affili , seller/exxonmobil sell affili may ( i ) set-off such monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal against ani monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal owe to buyer/buy affiliates; and/or ( ii ) recoup such monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal from ani amount paid and/or deliveri made to buyer/buy affili by seller/exxonmobil sell affili . for purpos hereof , ani and all written agreement between buyer and seller shall be deem to be part of an integr agreement set forth herein . econom condit and trend claus it is understood and agre that the basi for thi agreement is an extraordinari level of mutual trust and confid between the parti , not onli in matter of price , qualiti , and servic relat to the quantiti of product purchas and sold hereund , but also with respect to the accommod of chang that may develop in the busi environ or the pursuit of such mutual undertak as may benefit either or both of the parti to thi agreement . moreov , the term relat to quantiti and price presum the continu of econom condit and trend now prevail , includ but not limit to level of industri product , tire demand , labor rate , energi cost , and foreign exchang relationship . in the event that , in the view of either parti , a signific chang of ani kind doe occur which materi and significantli alter the valu receiv by either parti in thi transact , that parti may , upon written notic of it elect and reason therefor , request that thi agreement be renegoti and the other parti will be oblig to enter into the renegoti unless the request is formal withdrawn . neither parti shall unreason request such renegoti failur in perform notwithstand anyth to the contrari in attach a , g or h , no liabil shall result to either parti from delay in perform or non- perform of an oblig hereund ( includ an oblig to make payment ) in whole or in part caus by circumst reason beyond the control of the parti affect , includ but not limit to , act of god , terrorist activ , transport failur , breakdown , equip failur , crimin enterpris , sabotag , diminish , or failur of power , telecommun , data system or network , shortag or inabl to obtain product or raw materi for product , or good-faith complianc with ani government order or request ( whether valid or invalid ) . notwithstand ani other notic requir in thi agreement , actual notic ( e.g. , phone , email , letter ) to a counterparti of a delay or failur describ in thi provis will constitut effect notic for purpos of thi provis . regardless , howev , of the occurr or nonoccurr of ani such circumst , if , suppli of product or distribut logist for , or feedstock for make product , from ani of seller's/exxonmobil sell affili ’ exist sourc are curtail or are inadequ to meet seller's/exxonmobil sell affili ' own requir and/or it oblig to it custom , seller ’ s/exxonmobil sell affili ' oblig to deliv product dure such period shall be reduc to the extent necessari , in seller's/exxonmobil sell affili ’ reason judgment , to apport fairli among seller's/exxonmobil sell affili ’ own requir and it custom such product as receiv and as may be avail in the ordinari and usual cours of seller's/exxonmobil sell affili ' busi from ani exist sourc of suppli at the locat ( s ) from which deliveri like those cover herebi are normal ship . seller/exxonmobil sell sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 affili shall not be oblig to purchas or obtain product , or feedstock to make product , to replac deliveri omit or curtail under thi paragraph . chang in circumst notwithstand anyth to the contrari in attach a , g or h , in connect with ani chang in circumst ( as defin below ) , and without limit seller's/exxonmobil sell affili 's other right under thi agreement or applic law , seller/exxonmobil sell affili shall have the right : ( i ) onli if requir to enabl seller/exxonmobil sell affili to compli with applic law and regul , to termin thi agreement and acceler all amount due from buyer hereund , make them immedi payabl ( ii ) to modifi the payment term hereunder; and/or ( iii ) to requir that buyer/buy affili pay in advanc for shipment hereund . promptli after ani public announc regard ani propos transact that would result in a chang in circumst , buyer/buy affili shall notifi seller/exxonmobil sell affili , in write , of the natur of such transact , the parti thereto and the propos date of consumm . if seller/exxonmobil sell affili elect to exercis ani of it right under the preced paragraph , seller/exxonmobil sell affili shall so notifi buyer/buy affili , in write , within forty-f ( 45 ) day after receipt of buyer's/buy affili ' notic . as use abov , “ chang in circumst ” mean ani of the follow : ( i ) ani transact , or seri of transact , that would result in the transfer of at least twenty-f percent ( 25 ) of the equiti interest in buyer/buy affili ( or of at least twenty-f percent ( 25 ) of the equiti interest in ani busi entiti that own or control , directli or indirectli , at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti interest in buyer/buy affili ( “ buyer ’ s parent ” ) ) to a singl transfere or multipl transfere under common control; ( ii ) ani transact that would result in buyer ’ s /buyer affili ’ ( or buyer ’ s parent ’ s ) merg with one or more other entities; or ( iii ) ani transact not in the ordinari cours of buyer ’ s/buyer affili ( or buyer ’ s parent ’ s ) busi that call for the sale , purchas or other transfer of one or more signific asset , includ ( without limit ) manufactur facil and ownership interest in other busi entiti . warranti disput resolut notwithstand anyth to the contrari in attach a , g or h , if buyer/buy affili and seller/exxonmobil sell affili are unabl to agre on the qualiti or quantiti of product deliv and receiv follow their intern investig and good faith effort to resolv the disput , the parti shall cooper to have the product in disput analyz by a mutual select independ test laboratori . the result of such laboratori test shall be final and bind on the parti on the issu of conform of the product . if the product are determin to be conform , then buyer/buy affili shall bear the cost of such laboratori test . if the product are determin not to be conform , then seller/exxonmobil sell affili shall bear the cost of such laboratori test . us law and regul the parti repres , warrant and undertak to each other on a continu basi that they shall compli with all applic anti-briberi and anti- money launder law , rule , and regul of ani govern , includ the u.s. foreign corrupt practic act , and the applic countri legisl implement the oecd convent on combat briberi of foreign public offici in intern busi transact as such law and regul may be amend or updat from time to time . ivaci seller inform buyer that ani inform relat to an identifi or identifi natur person ( “ individu ” ) , in particular busi contact detail of buyer ’ s personnel and contractor , which is commun by or on behalf of buyer to seller ( “ person data ” ) , will be subject to data process by seller . to learn more about the process of person data and about individu ’ s right in relat to the process , read the seller data privaci notic at http : //www.exxonmobil.be/en-be/company/locations/belgium/legal-information-belgium-onli buyer shall inform it personnel and contractor and other relev individu of the seller data privaci notic . nowledg in accord with section 8 of attach a , the “ warranti ” section of attach g and section 14 of attach h , seller herebi expressli acknowledg that buyer ha provid notic so seller that product ( s ) purchas hereund will be use by buyer in connect with onli the follow medic applic : sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 • elastomer compon for pharmaceut packag and contain solut , includ stopper , seal , plunger , and syring compon . termin notwithstand anyth to the contrari in attach a , g or h , neither parti can suspend it further perform , termin thi agreement or requir specif perform of the other parti of thi agreement in whole or in part as a result of the other parti ’ s materi breach of the term and condit of thi agreement without first provid notic to such parti in write and thirti ( 30 ) day ’ opportun to cure the materi breach ( and then onli if such parti fail to cure such breach ) . term and condit the follow attach are made part of thi agreement : attach a - exxonmobil chemic compani and exxonmobil chemic servic america inc. gener term and condit of sale attach b - list of exxonmobil affiliates/divis attach c - list of west pharmaceut servic affili attach d - notic attach e - payment term attach f - return metal crate attach g - exxonmobil chemic asia pacif - term and condit of sale attach h - exxonmobil chemic petroleum & chemic bvba - term and condit of sale govern law thi agreement shall be govern and constru in accord with the law set forth in the exxonmobil sell affili 's gener term and condit , as applic . bind effect seller shall not be oblig by thi agreement unless buyer execut and return thi agreement to seller no later than thirti ( 30 ) day from the date seller sign below . entir agreement thi agreement and it attach constitut the complet and exclus statement of the term of agreement between seller and buyer and supersed ani and all agreement , represent and understand , oral and written made prior to sign and relat to the subject matter of thi agreement . in no event shall either parti be respons for ani special , punit , or consequenti damag whatsoev . no modif of thi agreement shall be of ani forc or effect unless such modif is in write , expressli design as an amend hereto and sign by the parti ' duli author representatives; and no modif shall be effect by the acknowledg or accept of purchas order form contain term or condit at varianc with those set forth herein . none of the parti shall be legal bound by anyth contain in thi instrument , or ani negoti pursuant thereto , unless and until the compani have agre to all term and thi instrument ha been sign by author repres of each compani . order of preced in the event of conflict between thi agreement ( includ the failur in perform and chang in circumst claus herein ) and the attach hereto , thi agreement shall prevail , except with respect to the govern law specifi in attach a , g and h , respect , and as applic to the appropri exxonmobil sell affili . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 buyer seller accept and agre to by buyer exxonmobil chemic compani , a divis of date of : exxon mobil corpor januari 10 , 2020 date : decemb 11 , 2018 /s/ eric m. green /s/ kurt aert by : eric m. green by : kurt aert titl : presid and ceo titl : vice presid , seri sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach a west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic compani 2019-2023 global master suppli agreement exxonmobil chemic compani ( emcc ) & exxonmobil chemic servic america inc. ( emcsa ) standard term and condit of sale and accept of order 1. price and quantity; price adjust except as otherwis provid in thi agreement , and without regard to ani cours of deal between the parti : ( 1 ) seller shall not be oblig to sell or deliv ani quantiti of product ( s ) cover herebi ( `` product '' ) beyond the amount , if ani , which in seller 's sole judgment , is avail for such purpos as of the propos date of shipment to buyer; ( 2 ) the price of product shall be seller 's price therefor as of the date of shipment; ( 3 ) seller reserv the right to set minimum and/or premium or to reject order for unusu configur , size and folds; ( 4 ) an overrun or underrun of up to ten percent ( 10 ) shall constitut due perform of ani order; ( 5 ) ani freight allow shall be those specifi by seller as of the date of shipment; and ( 6 ) buyer shall allow seller a reason period for deliveri of shipment of product . seller may chang ani price , freight or payment term hereof upon no less than thirti ( 30 ) day ' prior written notice; provid , howev , that seller may at ani time institut or remov a temporari voluntari allow of other similar competit allow without prior notic . 2. payment unless otherwis specifi in attach e of the agreement , payment for product shall be made in u.s. dollar and shall be due , in good fund in seller 's account , no later than thirti ( 30 ) day after the date of shipment . with respect to ani monetari oblig of buyer or buyer 's affili owe to seller , seller may ( i ) set-off such oblig against ani sum owe to buyer or buyer 's affiliates; and/or ( ii ) recoup such oblig from ani amount paid to buyer or buyer 's affili by seller . 3. tax ani tax ( except incom tax ) , excis or other government charg that now or in the futur may be impos , increas or levi upon the product , valu ad , sale , transport , storag , handl , deliveri , use or dispos of product sold hereund which seller may be requir to pay , shall be paid by buyer to seller in addit to the purchas price . buyer shall provid seller , on request , with properli complet exempt certif for ani tax from which buyer claim exempt . 4. credit if seller ha reason ground for insecur with respect to the financi respons of buyer , seller may requir advanc cash payment or satisfactori secur and may withhold product shipment until receipt of such payment or secur . such action by seller shall not constitut a chang of payment term hereund . if amount due hereund are place with an outsid agenc for collect , or if suit is brought for collect , or if collect through probat , bankruptci or other judici proceed , then buyer shall pay all cost of collect , includ attorney ' fee , in addit to other amount due . 5. set-off and recoveri with respect to ani monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal due from buyer/buy affili to seller/exxonmobil sell affili , seller/exxonmobil sell affili may ( i ) set-off such monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal against ani monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal owe to buyer/buy affiliates; and/or ( ii ) recoup such monetari amount and/or product-exchang deliveri imbal from ani amount paid and/or deliveri made to buyer/buy affili by seller/exxonmobil sell affili . for purpos hereof , ani and all agreement between buyer and seller , whether written or oral , shall be deem to be part of an integr agreement set forth herein . 6. chang in circumst in connect with ani chang in circumst ( as defin below ) , and without limit seller ’ s other right under thi agreement or applic law , seller shall have the right : ( i ) to termin thi agreement and acceler all amount due from buyer hereund , make them immedi payable; ( ii ) to modifi the payment term hereunder; and/or ( iii ) to requir buyer to pay in advanc for shipment hereund . promptli after ani public announc regard ani propos transact that would result in a chang in circumst , buyer shall notifi seller , in write , of the natur of such transact , the parti thereto and the propos date of consumm . if seller elect to exercis ani of it right under the preced paragraph , seller shall so notifi buyer , in write , within forty-f ( 45 ) day after receipt of buyer ’ s notic . as use abov , “ chang in circumst ” mean ani of the follow : ( i ) ani transact , or seri of transact , that would result in the transfer of at least twenty-f percent ( 25 ) of the equiti interest sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 in buyer ( or of at least twenty-f percent 25 ) of the equiti interest in ani busi entiti that own or control , directli or indirectli , at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti interest in buyer ( “ buyer ’ s parent ” ) to a singl transfere or multipl transfere under common control; ( ii ) ani transact that would result in buyer ’ s ( or buyer ’ s parent ’ s ) merg with one or more other entities; or ( iii ) ani transact not in the ordinari cours of buyer ’ s ( or buyer ’ s parent ’ s ) busi that call for the sale , purchas or other transfer of one or more signific asset , includ ( without limit ) manufactur facil and ownership interest in other busi entiti . 7. title; risk of loss titl to product and risk of loss shall pass to buyer at seller 's facil upon deliveri to a carrier or into buyer 's transport unless otherwis specifi in the agreement . 8. limit warranti and medic applic there are no warranti which extend beyond the product descript herein , and seller make no warranti , express or impli , of fit for particular use , merchant or otherwis with respect to product , whether use singli or in combin with other substanc or in ani process , except that product sold hereund shall conform to seller 's standard sale specif as of the date of shipment . without limit the forego , seller doe not recommend nor endors the use of product ( s ) in ani medic applic and specif disclaim ani represent or warranti , express or impli , of suitabl or fit for use , or otherwis , with respect to product ( s ) ’ use in ani medic applic . buyer repres and warrant that no product ( s ) purchas hereund will be use in or resold into ani commerci or development manner in connect with medic applic without seller ’ s prior express written acknowledg . further , buyer agre that it will make no represent , express or impli , to ani person to the effect that seller recommend or endors the use of product ( s ) purchas hereund in ani medic applic . 9. inspect and limit of liabil buyer shall inspect and test product deliv hereund for damag , defect or shortag immedi upon receipt at buyer 's plant or such other locat as determin by buyer and provid seller notic of ani such damag , defect or shortag within ten ( 10 ) day of receipt . ani claim for shortag must be support by certifi railroad scale ticket ( or similar document if shipment were not by rail ) and seller shall have an opportun to have an independ weigh . all claim for ani caus whatsoev , whether base in contract , neglig or other tort , strict liabil , breach of warranti or otherwis , shall be deem waiv uncondit and absolut unless seller receiv written notic of such claim not later than one hundr fifti ( 150 ) day after buyer 's receipt of product as to which such claim is made . defect or nonconform product shall be replac by seller without addit charg , or in lieu thereof , at seller 's option , seller may refund the purchas price upon return of such product at seller 's expens and such refund or replac shall constitut buyer ’ s sole and exclus remedi . notwithstand the abov and regardless of the circumst , seller 's total liabil to buyer for ani and all claim , loss or damag aris out of ani caus whatsoev , whether base in contract , neglig or other tort , strict liabil , breach of warranti or otherwis , shall in no event exceed the purchas price of product in respect to which such caus aros . in no event shall seller be liabl for special , incident , consequenti or exemplari damag . ani caus of action that buyer may have against seller and which may aris in connect with the transact ( s ) specifi herein must be commenc within two ( 2 ) year after the caus of action ha accru . 10. safeti , health and indemn seller shall furnish to buyer materi safeti data sheet , includ warn and safeti and health inform concern product and/or the contain therefor . buyer agre to dissemin such inform so as to give warn of possibl hazard to person who buyer can reason forese may be expos to such hazard , includ but not limit to buyer 's employe , agent , contractor or custom . buyer shall instruct it employe , agent , contractor and custom on the safe handl , use , sell , store , transport and dispos practic for the product . if buyer fail to dissemin such warn and inform , buyer agre to defend and indemnifi seller against ani and all liabil aris out of or in ani way connect with such failur , includ but not limit to liabil for injuri , sick , death and properti damage; provid , howev , that if seller in thi instanc ha contribut to such liabil , buyer 's indemn to seller shall be reduc by the proport in which seller contribut to such liabil . seller will provid buyer with reason notic and opportun to defend in the event ani claim or demand is made on seller as to which such indemn relat . 11. car , truck and barg buyer shall unload railroad car , truck and barg furnish by seller within the free time specifi by tariff or time period on file with applic regulatori bodi , or promptli after receipt if no such tariff or time period are on file , and pay ani charg sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 result from it failur to do so directli to the common carrier upon receipt of invoic therefor . buyer shall pay seller 's daili charg for trip-leas tank car for tank car held longer than seven ( 7 ) day from construct placement . buyer assum full respons for use and condit of car , truck and barg while in buyer 's possess and agre to ( 1 ) compens seller for loss or damag to seller 's properti and ( 2 ) indemnifi and save seller harmless from ani loss or damag to properti other than seller 's and from ani injuri to person relat in ani way to the use of such car ( s ) , truck ( s ) and barg ( s ) while such are in buyer 's possess . buyer shall report to seller promptli ani damag that may be sustain by the car ( s ) , truck ( s ) or barg ( s ) in buyer 's possess . 12. leas track seller may elect to provid rail car of product to buyer on leas track . if seller doe so , buyer shall contact seller to receiv shipment of product from the leas track and not request such shipment directli from the railroad . 13. failur in perform no liabil shall result to either parti from delay in perform or non-perform in whole or in part caus by circumst reason beyond the control of the parti affect , includ but not limit to act of god , terrorist activ , transport failur , breakdown , equip failur , crimin enterpris , sabotag , diminish , or failur of power , telecommun , data system or network , shortag or inabl to obtain product or raw materi for product , or good-faith complianc with ani government order or request ( whether valid or invalid ) . notwithstand ani other notic requir in thi agreement , actual notic ( e.g. , phone , email , letter ) to a counterparti of a delay or failur describ in thi provis will constitut effect notic for purpos of thi provis . regardless , howev , of the occurr or nonoccurr of ani such circumst , if for ani reason suppli of or distribut logist for product , or feedstock for make product , from ani of seller 's exist sourc are curtail or are inadequ to meet seller 's own requir and/or it oblig to it custom , seller 's oblig to deliv product dure such period shall be reduc to the extent necessari , in seller 's sole judgment , to apport fairli among seller 's own requir and it custom ( whether under contract or not ) such product as receiv and as may be avail in the ordinari and usual cours of seller 's busi from ani exist sourc of suppli at the locat ( s ) from which deliveri like those cover herebi are normal ship . seller shall not be oblig to purchas or obtain product , or feedstock to make product , to replac deliveri omit or curtail under thi paragraph . 14. intent omit 15. export complianc the transact ( s ) specifi herein , unless otherwis indic , constitut domest sale within the unit state . for domest u.s. sale , where buyer choos to subsequ export the product , buyer shall compli with all applic law relat to export control and econom sanction , includ , but not limit to , those maintain by the us depart of the treasuri ( offic of foreign asset control ) and the us depart of commerc ( bureau of industri and secur ) . for u.s. domest sale , if buyer elect to export product , buyer shall constitut the u.s. princip parti in interest or export for all purpos under applic law . 16. non-u buyer if buyer is a natur or legal person of ani jurisdict other than the unit state and/or a state thereof , ani disput aris with respect to the transact ( s ) specifi herein shall be refer to three ( 3 ) arbitr in accord with the rule of arbitr of the intern chamber of commerc as in effect on the date of such referr . the arbitr shall take place in houston , texa , u.s.a. the proceed shall be in the english languag . the american arbitr associ shall act as appoint author in the event requir . monetari award shall be express in u.s. dollar and all award shall be final and bind on the parti . judgment upon ani award may be enter in ani court have jurisdict . 17. amendment; cancel no modif of thi agreement shall be of ani forc or effect unless such modif is in write , expressli design as an amend hereto and sign by the parti ' duli author representatives; and no modif shall be effect by the acknowledg or accept of purchas order form contain term or condit at varianc with those set forth herein . except as explicitli set forth in thi agreement , thi agreement and the transact ( s ) specifi herein can be cancel onli with both parti ’ written consent . 18. govern law and disput resolut the parti ' right and oblig hereund shall be constru and enforc under the law of the state of texa , u.s.a. , without regard to conflict of law principl . incoterm 2010 ( or ani subsequ revis thereof ) ( `` incoterm '' ) shall also apply; provid , howev , that incoterm shall appli onli to the extent specifi in the agreement hereof , and provid , further , that in the event of a conflict between incoterm and the law of the state of texa , u.s.a. , the latter shall govern . the parti specif exclud sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 applic of the u.n. convent on contract for the intern sale of good . for ani disput regard thi agreement , the parti agre to exclus jurisdict and venu in the district court of harri counti , texa , or the unit state district court for the southern district of texa ( houston divis ) . 19. miscellan no waiver by either parti of a right , default or breach of ani of the term and condit herein shall be effect unless in write . no such waiver shall be deem a waiver of ani subsequ right , default or breach ( whether similar or dissimilar ) except as expressli state therein . 20. assign thi agreement shall not be assign in whole or in part by buyer or seller without the written consent of the other parti and ani attempt assign without such consent shall be void and of no effect , except that seller may assign all of it right and oblig hereund to ani entiti of which exxon mobil corpor own , directli or indirectli , at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the share or other indicia of equiti have the right to elect such entiti 's board of director or other govern bodi . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach b west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic compani 2019-2023 global master suppli agreement list of exxonmobil affili / divis at it sole discret and with prior written notic to buyer , seller may design a differ sell entiti from the one list in thi attach . for product purchas made by buyer affili in : u.s.a. , brazil , mexico exxonmobil chemic compani , a divis of exxon mobil corpor ( “ emcc ” ) and/or exxonmobil chemic servic america , inc. 22777 springwood villag pkwi spring , tx 77389 for product purchas made by buyer affili i n : denmark , franc , germani , unit kingdom , serbia and ireland exxonmobil petroleum & chemic bvba ( empc ) polderdijkweg b - 2030 antwerpen , belgium for product purchas made by buyer affili i n : singapor , china , india exxonmobil affili : exxonmobil chemic asia pacif , a divis of exxonmobil asia pacif pte ltd ( emcap ) 1 harbour front place 06-00harbourfront tower one singapor 098633 sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach c west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic compani 2019-2023 global master suppli agreement list of west pharmaceut affili buyer may updat thi list from time to time with written notic to seller . brazil west pharmaceut servic brasil ltda av nossa senhora da graca , 115 diadema , sao paulo , brazil 09980-000 china west pharmaceut packag ( china ) co. , ltd no . 111 tianchen road qingpu , shanghai 201707 china denmark west pharmaceut servic denmark a/ fuglevangsvej 51 horsen , denmark franc west pharmaceut servic franc , s.a . 38 , rue robert degon le nouvion en thierach 02170 germani west pharmaceut servic deutschland gmbh & co. kg stalberg str . 21-41 eschweil 52249 ireland west pharmaceut product ireland , ltd. carrickpherish road waterford , x91 r9v6 india west pharmaceut packag india pvt . ltd. 900 peepul boulevard-sector 36-sri city-satyavedu ( p.o ) chittoor district - a.p . - india - 517 546 mexico west pharmaceut servic mexico , s.a. de c.v. call 40 sur no . 706 , esq . 36 est civac , jiutepec morelo - méxicoc . p. 62500 serbia west pharmaceut servic beograd d.o.o . kovin crvenka 76 kovin 26220 , serbia sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 singapor west pharmaceut servic singapor pte . ltd. 15 joo koon circl jurong , singapor 629046 u.s.a west pharmaceut servic , inc. 530 herman o. west drive exton , pa 19341-1147 west pharmaceut servic , inc. 1028 innov way kinston , nc 28504-7616 west pharmaceut servic , inc. 923 west railroad street kearney , ne 68845-5128 west pharmaceut servic of florida , inc. 5111 park street north st. petersburg , fl 33709-1109 west pharmaceut servic , inc. 347 oliv street jersey shore , pa 17740-1923 sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach d west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic compani 2019-2023 global suppli master agreement notic for all notic , commun , or question regard thi contract , the follow address list below shall be used; provid , howev , that seller and buyer can each chang ani of it address inform by provid written notic to the other parti . exxonmobil chemic compani west pharmaceut servic , inc. 22777 springwood villag pkwi 530 w. herman o. drive spring , tx 77389 exton , pa 19341-1147 attn : gerd merhof attn : oliv steven exxonmobil chemic central europ west pharmaceut servic deutschland gmbh & co. kg im mediapark 2 kiefernweg 5 50670 köln 52249 eschweil germani germani sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach e west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic compani 2019-2023 global suppli master agreement payment term buyer affili shall pay exxonmobil sell affili ' invoic ( s ) in full within the day set forth below : locat payment term deliveri term - lncoterm brazil [ ] [ ] china [ ] [ ] denmark [ ] [ ] franc [ ] [ ] germani [ ] [ ] india [ ] [ ] mexico [ ] [ ] serbia [ ] [ ] singapor [ ] [ ] u.s.a. [ ] [ ] ireland [ ] [ ] for product sold and/or sourc from the us that is ship oversea to a non-u locat , titl and risk of loss of product shall transfer from exxonmobil chemic compani or ani other exxonmobil seller to buyer at the first point upon which the deliv marin vessel cross the outer boundari of the unit state exclus econom zone ( eez ) . the eez extend 200 nautic mile beyond the coastal baselin defin in the unit nation convent on the law of the sea . for u.s. sale to brazil or mexico , seller shall constitut the u.s. princip parti in interest or export for all purpos under applic law . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach f west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic compani 2019-2023 global suppli master agreement return metal crate attach f document buyer's/buy affili ' respons for return metal crate ( `` metal crate '' ) use in the suppli of butyl product from seller/exxonmobil sell affili ( `` exxonmobil '' ) . buyer/buy affili wish to receiv butyl in metal crate and exxonmobil is will to suppli butyl in metal crate , subject to the follow agreement . agreement buyer/buy affili is respons for the metal crate in their custodi at the replac valu of the metal crate . buyer 's /buyer affili ' custodi begin when metal crate are load onto the deliv carrier at the exxonmobil or third parti warehous and end when metal crate are load onto the carrier for return to global pallet servic limit ( gp ) usa , inc. buyer/buy affili must implement a system to ensur metal crate are not lost or damag , and are return in undamag condit ( normal wear and tear except ) . buyer/buy affili will suppli to exxonmobil upon request copi of ani bill of lade need to verifi return shipment of metal crate . for each metal crate not receiv back at global pallet servic limit ( gp ) and where a physic inventori determin that such metal crate is not in the custodi of buyer/buy affili , buyer/affili will have 30 day from end of the calendar year to reimburs exxonmobil as state below . for the purpos of thi agreement , a metal crate is consid to be in undamag condit if the base and all four side are in work condit . buyer/buy affili agre to pay for all repair for damag to ani metal crate , or to pay the replac charg of [ ] per metal crate for ani metal crate that is either perman lost or damag beyond repair while in the custodi of buyer/buy affili , and a replac charg ( [ ] per door ) for ani remov door miss from metal crate collect at buyer 's /buyer affili ' locat . a metal crate shall be deem to have been damag beyond repair if the document repair cost to restor the damag metal crate to fit-for-fil condit would exceed [ ] . in addit , if ani of the charg impos by global pallet servic limit ( gp ) under the agreement between the exxonmobil and global pallet servic limit ( gp ) for damag to or loss of metal crate , are revis , the aforesaid amount reimburs by buyer/buy affili shall automat be revis in similar manner . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach g the west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic company/affili 2019-2023 global master suppli agreement emcap standard term and condit of sale and accept of order accept the accept of buyer 's order by seller is expressli made condit upon buyer 's assent to these standard term and condit of sale . term as specifi in seller ’ s order confirm ( if ani ) and these standard term and condit shall constitut the onli bind contract term and condit between the parti ( the “ agreement ” ) in the absenc of a written agreement as describ in the claus on written agreement . written agreement if there is an execut written sale contract or agreement in effect between buyer and seller cover buyer ’ s order , the term and condit of that contract or agreement shall prevail over ani conflict term in seller ’ s order confirm and/or these standard term and condit and/or buyer ’ s purchas order . price adjust [ ] buyer 's failur to deliv to seller written object to ani such chang at least ten ( 10 ) day befor it effect date shall constitut accept . if buyer doe deliv such object within the deadlin , no deliveri shall be made until parti agre on the new price , freight and/or payment term . [ ] quantiti quantiti of all shipment shall be determin by seller and shall have a ship allow of plu or minu five percent ( +/-5 ) of the quantiti indic in seller ’ s order confirm or separ sale contract , or such other percentag as determin by seller . to allow for standard toler of scale , seller will not consid ani claim for shortag of less than one half of one percent ( 0.5 ) of the gross weight of ani shipment of packag product or less than one half of one percent ( 0.5 ) of the net weight of bulk shipment . seller shall have the right at all time to appoint an independ surveyor . tax all price are exclus of tax , duti , or other government charg levi on or in respect of the product or deliveri thereof . buyer shall pay or reimburs seller for such tax , duti or charg . risk and titl transfer risk of loss of and damag to product shall pass to buyer in accord with the incoterm specifi in seller ’ s order confirm or separ sale contract . without negat seller ’ s warranti oblig hereund , buyer assum all risk and liabil for loss , damag , or injuri to the person or properti of buyer or other parti aris out of the use or possess of ani product sold hereund . unless state otherwis in seller ’ s order confirm or separ sale contract , titl in product shall pass to buyer simultan with risk of loss of and damag to product . howev , if the product is ship by seller from the us , such titl and risk shall pass to buyer at the first point at which the deliv vessel cross the outer boundari of the us exclus econom zone ( eez ) . the eez extend 200 nautic mile beyond the coastal baselin defin in the unit nation convent on the law of the sea or as such term is use in the said convent . warranti there are no warranti which extend beyond the descript on the face hereof , and seller make no warranti , express or impli , of satisfactori qualiti , merchant , fit for ani particular use or otherwis , except that the product sold hereund shall meet seller 's applic standard specif or such other specif as may be notifi by seller to buyer from time to time . buyer assum all risk whatsoev as a result of the use of the product purchas , whether use singli or in combin with other substanc or in ani process . without limit the forego , seller doe not recommend nor endors the use of product in ani medic applic and specif disclaim ani represent or warranti , express or impli , of suitabl or fit for use , or otherwis with respect to product ’ s use in ani medic applic . buyer repres and warrant that no product purchas hereund will be sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 use or resold for use in ani commerci or development manner in connect with medic applic without seller ’ s prior express written acknowledg . further , buyer agre that it will make no represent , express or impli , to ani person to the effect that seller recommend or endors the use of product purchas hereund in ani medic applic . limit of claim seller 's total liabil for all claim aris hereund or connect with the product sold hereund , whether base in contract , tort or otherwis , shall be no greater than an amount equal to the purchas price of the product to which ani such claim relat , or at the seller 's option , and onli in the case of claim regard defect or non-conform product , to replac of such product , provid that in all case buyer shall be under an oblig to mitig ani loss as far as possibl . seller shall not in ani event be liabl for ani special , incident , exemplari or consequenti damag . subject to the claus on quantiti , transfer of risk and titl transfer , buyer shall inspect and test product deliv hereund for damag , defect or shortag immedi upon receipt and provid seller notic of ani such damag , defect or shortag within ten ( 10 ) day of receipt . ani claim must be accompani by document as requir by seller , includ but not limit to a certifi weigh scale ticket or an independ surveyor report , and seller shall have an opportun to an independ assess . all claim for ani caus whatsoev , whether base in contract , neglig or other tort , strict liabil , breach of warranti or otherwis , shall be deem waiv uncondit and absolut unless seller receiv complet written detail of such claim not later than [ ] after buyer 's receipt of product as to which such claim is made . receipt will be deem to have taken place for purpos of thi subparagraph when the product ha been load onto buyer ’ s transport , or offload from the vessel or other mean of transport on which deliveri ha been made when deliveri is arrang by seller . laytim and demurrag buyer shall unload tank contain , car , truck and barg furnish by seller and clear product from port , or at deliveri destin , within the free time specifi by tariff or time period on file with applic bodi , or promptli after receipt if no such tariff or time period are on file . buyer shall pay charg result from it failur to do to seller or directli to the common carrier upon receipt of invoic . for bulk marin shipment , demurrag charg at load port is for account of seller and at discharg port for buyer ’ s account . for sale other than fob sale , laytim allow , demurrag rate and applic charter parti term shall be as specifi in seller ’ s vessel nomin to buyer fail which , the term in seller ’ s contract of affreight with the vessel owner shall appli and buyer shall pay seller or the carrier the demurrag incur at the discharg port by seller ’ s stipul deadlin . subject to the forego , for the first discharg termin , laytim shall commenc six ( 6 ) hour after the vessel ’ s notic of readi is tender to buyer ( or it agent ) or upon the vessel be all fast to the discharg termin , whichev occur first , and for subsequ discharg termin ( s ) , laytim shall commenc immedi when the vessel ’ s notic of readi is tender to buyer ( or it agent ) . laytim shall ceas upon disconnect of all cargo hose upon complet of discharg . for fob sale , vessel nomin by buyer are subject to seller ’ s screen , inspect and accept process and seller ’ s agreement to loading-d rang durat / loading-d rang narrow profil / loading-d rang commun leadtim and other ship logist , and ani claim for demurrag by buyer shall be waiv unless notic in write of such claim is receiv by seller with full support document ( includ the invoic and time sheet issu by the vessel ) by seller ’ s stipul deadlin . failur in perform failur by seller to deliv on a specif date shall not entitl buyer to repudi thi agreement . buyer shall not be reliev of ani oblig to accept or pay for product by reason of ani delay in deliveri or dispatch . furthermor , no liabil shall result to either parti for delay in perform or non-perform of an oblig hereund ( except an oblig to make payment ) in whole or in part caus by circumst reason beyond the control of the parti affect , includ but not limit to act of god , terrorist activ , transport failur , breakdown , equip failur , shortag or inabl to obtain product or raw materi for product , or good-faith complianc with ani government order or request ( whether valid or invalid ) . regardless , howev , of the occurr or nonoccurr of ani such circumst , if for ani reason suppli of product or feedstock for make product , from ani of seller 's exist sourc are curtail or are inadequ to meet seller 's own requir and/or it oblig to it custom , seller 's oblig to deliv product dure such period shall be reduc to the extent necessari , in seller 's sole judgment , to apport fairli among seller 's own requir and it custom ( whether under contract or not ) such product as receiv and as may be avail in the ordinari and usual cours of seller 's busi from ani exist sourc of suppli at the locat ( s ) from which deliveri like those cover herebi are normal ship . seller shall not be oblig to purchas or obtain product , or feedstock to make product , to replac deliveri omit or curtail under thi paragraph . modif and amend there are no oral understand , represent or warranti between the parti that conflict with these standard term and sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 condit or the detail of price , payment , shipment or deliveri schedul as commun by seller . no modif of ani standard term and condit shall be of ani forc or effect unless such modif is in write and sign by the parti to be bound therebi , and no modif of the same shall be effect by the acknowledg of buyer ’ s purchas order or equival form contain term and condit at varianc with those set forth herein and all such term or condit in buyer ’ s purchas order or equival form shall be consid null and void . govern law thi agreement shall be govern by singapor law , without regard to it conflict of law principl . parti agre to exclud the applic of the unit nation convent on contract for the intern sale of good . a parti that is not a parti to thi agreement shall have no right under the contract ( right of third parti ) act ( cap 53b ) to enforc ani of the term in thi agreement . assign thi agreement shall not be assign , in whole or in part , by either parti without the prior consent of the other parti , but shall be bind upon and shall inur to the benefit of the legal successor of the respect parti hereto; except that seller may assign thi agreement , in whole or in part , to ani affili . for purpos of thi claus , an `` affili '' of seller mean the ultim hold compani of seller or ani corpor of which fifti percent ( 50 ) or more of the outstand stock is held directli or indirectli by such ultim hold compani . definit to the extent not inconsist with the term hereof , incoterm 2010 ( “ incoterm ” ) shall appli hereto . no waiver no waiver by either parti of ani breach of these standard term and condit shall be constru as a waiver of ani succeed breach of the same . credit claus if buyer fail to make payment when due or if seller reason believ the financi statu of buyer is impair due to ani reason , seller shall have the right , without prejudic to it other right in contract or at law , upon notic to buyer , to withhold further deliveri of product , modifi or chang ani term of payment or credit , suspend perform under thi agreement , acceler payment oblig such that all amount owe under prior deliveri and not paid shall becom immedi due and payabl , requir buyer to furnish secur as deem appropri by seller and/or exercis right against ani collater and appli the proce against amount due and owe . seller shall in ani event have the right to set- off ani claim that seller ( or it affili ) may have against buyer ( or it affili ) , against ani sum which seller may owe to buyer ( or it affili ) . in the event seller requir a documentari letter of credit or a standbi letter of credit , such letter of credit shall be issu by an intern bank in form and substanc accept to seller . a clean letter of credit is to be receiv by seller prior to the estim shipment date or by such date as seller shall agre . seller shall have no oblig to deliv product if the letter of credit is not so receiv by seller . without prejudic to seller 's other right in law and contract , it is agre that buyer shall indemnifi and hold harmless the seller from and against ani dead-freight , vessel and/or port charg and payment , demurrag and/or ani damag , loss or expens incur as a result of ani delay in load or non-deliveri of ani product under thi agreement aris from buyer 's failur or delay in provid the letter of credit in accord with the term of thi agreement . busi practic ( a ) busi standard . each parti to thi agreement shall establish precaut to prevent it employe or subcontractor from make , receiv , provid or offer ani substanti gift , extravag entertain , payment , loan , or other consider to the employe of the other parti and/or their famili and/or third parti in connect with thi agreement . ( b ) complianc with law . each parti agre and will secur agreement by it subcontractor to compli with all applic law , regul , decre and judici order . notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , no provis shall be interpret or appli so as to requir ani parti to do , or refrain from do , anyth which would constitut a violat of , or result in a loss of econom benefit under , unit state anti-boycott and other export law and regul . each parti repres to the other parti that it shall not make ani improp payment of money or anyth of valu to a govern offici ( whether appoint , elect , honorari , or a career govern employe ) in connect with thi agreement , nor shall it make improp payment to a third parti know or suspect that the third parti will give the payment , or a portion of it , to a govern offici . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 ( c ) notic of non-compli . each parti ( `` the relev parti '' ) agre to notifi the other parti promptli upon discoveri of ani instanc where the relev parti fail to compli with thi claus . if either parti discov or is advis of ani error or except relat to it invoic under thi agreement , both parti will togeth review the natur of the error or except , and will , if appropri , promptli take correct action that is necessari on it part and adjust the relev invoic or refund overpay . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 attach h the west pharmaceut servic and exxonmobil chemic company/affili 2019-2023 global master suppli agreement empc standard term and condit of sale ( hereaft refer to as “ em ” ) 1. agreement ( s ) as use herein shall mean ani order confirm issu by em or ani other contractu arrang between em and buyer . these gener term and condit shall appli to and form part of all agreement . the agreement constitut the complet and entir understand and agreement between em and buyer . no other gener term and condit will have an effect on the agreement . deviat from the agreement , includ these gener term and condit , shall be valid onli if expressli agre in write by the parti . 2. titl to the product shall transfer from em to buyer simultan with the transfer of risk as per incoterm . all refer to incoterm shall mean icc incoterm 2010 . 3. em will use reason effort to meet the plan deliveri date which shall be deem to be onli approxim . 4. if buyer is respons for the transport of product , buyer shall ensur that the mean of transport is clean and dri , suitabl for load and carri the product , and compli with the safeti standard of em and with the legal standard for such mean of transport . in case of non- or incomplet complianc with the abov requir , em will be entitl not to load or caus to load thi mean of transport , without ani oblig to compens . 5. if deliveri take place on reusabl pallet ( regardless of whether they are properti of em ) , buyer will maintain these pallet in good condit and make them avail on request for collect by or on behalf of em . 6. em ’ s determin of quantiti and qualiti shall be bind for both parti . without prejudic to the forego , buyer ha the right to have a repres present at said determin , at hi own cost . 7. product shall be suppli by em at the price valid on the plan deliveri date . 8. price are exclus of tax ( such as vat ) , duti or other government charg . in addit to the price of the product , em shall have the right to charg ani tax , duti or other government charg that now or in the futur may be levi , in connect with the manufactur , sale , transport , storag , handl , deliveri , use , possess of or dispos of the product or raw materi use in it . vat and excis tax exempt grant on request of buyer in accord with legisl or administr regul impos by ani law author , shall be the exclus respons of buyer who shall indemnifi em in respect of ani vat or excis tax liabil aris therefrom . 9. em will invoic buyer and buyer will pay the invoic in the currenc state on the invoic , without ani discount , deduct or set off , so that em ’ s design bank account is credit with the full invoic amount within 30 day from the invoic date . 10. failur by buyer to pay on the due date shall make all sum owe by buyer to em on ani account whatsoev immedi and automat due and payabl , without prejudic to em 's right to charg automat and without give ani notic the statutori late payment interest rate as defin in applic legisl on combat late payment in commerci transact . 11. em and ani of it affili ( as herein defin ) may at ani time without give notic to or make demand upon buyer , set off and appli ani and all sum at ani time owe by em and/or by ani of it affili to buyer or ani of buyer ’ s affili , against ani and all sum owe by buyer or ani of buyer ’ s affili to em and/or to ani of it affili . an affili is ( 1 ) for em : exxon mobil corpor or ani compani in which exxon mobil corpor own or control , directli or indirectli , 50 or more of the vote stock and ( 2 ) for the buyer : ani compani in which it ultim hold compani own or control , directli or indirectli , 50 or more of the vote stock . 12. if one parti ha object reason to conclud that the financi statu of the other parti becom impair or unsatisfactori , or in case of late payment , it may requir the other parti to provid adequ secur , includ cash in advanc , for the time payment of futur deliveri , absent which it may suspend it suppli oblig . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 13. health and safeti inform relat to handl and use of product are in the safeti data sheet ( sd ) that em ha sent or will send to buyer . buyer shall notifi em if buyer ha not receiv such inform by the deliveri date . em will assum that buyer ha receiv the necessari inform absent notif from buyer . buyer shall provid such health and safeti inform to anyon includ without limit it employe , contractor , agent or custom who may be expos to the product . buyer warrant that it possess the necessari expertis for handl product of the type be suppli hereund and that it will take the step necessari to review and understand that inform contain on the sd for each product it purchas . such data and statement are offer onli for buyer 's and it user ' and custom ' consider , investig and verif . 14. em give no guarante or warranti , express or impli , as to the qualiti , merchant , fit for purpos or suitabl of the product except that the product sold pursuant to the term of thi agreement shall meet the relev em standard specif in forc at the time of load or such other specif or requir which may be explicitli agre in write between the parti . without limit the forego , em doe not recommend nor endors the use of product ( s ) in ani medic applic and specif disclaim ani represent or warranti , express or impli , of suitabl or fit for use , or otherwis with respect to product ( s ) ’ use in ani medic applic . buyer repres and warrant that no product ( s ) purchas hereund will be use in or resold into ani commerci or development manner in connect with medic applic without em ’ s prior express written acknowledg . further , buyer agre that it will make no represent , express or impli , to ani person to the effect that em recommend or endors the use of product ( s ) purchas hereund in ani medic applic . em 's maximum liabil for all claim for ani reason is the sale price of the product involv and em shall not be liabl for indirect or consequenti damag . claim by buyer are waiv unless made in write within 150 day from date of ( non- ) deliveri . buyer shall indemn and hold em harmless in respect of all claim for which buyer is liabl . 15. em make no represent or warranti of ani kind , express or impli , that the product sold hereund , or the use of such product , or articl made therefrom , either alon or in conjunct with other materi , will not infring ani patent or trademark right . buyer agre that it will promptli notifi em of ani claim or suit involv buyer in which patent or trademark infring is alleg with respect to the product sold hereund , and that buyer will permit em , at it option and expens , to control complet the defenc or settlement of ani such alleg of infring . 16. neither parti shall be liabl for ani delay in perform or non-perform in whole or in part caus by circumst beyond the reason control of the parti affect includ but not limit to , act of god , fire , flood , war , terrorist activ , or the threat of one of these event , crimin act or sabotag , diminish or failur of power , telecommun , data system or network , accid , explos , equip breakdown , labour disput , shortag or inabl to obtain energi , util , equip , transport , the product , or the feedstock from which the product is directli or indirectli derived; or good faith complianc with ani regul , direct r request ( whether ultim determin to be valid or invalid ) made by government author or ani person or person purport to act for such an author . regardless of the occurr or non-occurr of ani of the circumst set forth abov , if for ani reason , suppli of or distribut logist of the product deliver under thi agreement or of the feedstock from which the product is directli or indirectli deriv from ani of em 's then exist sourc of suppli are curtail or cut off , or otherwis inadequ to meet em ’ s own requir and it oblig to it custom , em shall have the option dure such period of curtail , or cessat to apport fairli among it custom includ em ’ s affili and whether under contract or not , such product as may be receiv in the ordinari cours of busi or manufactur at em then exist sourc . em shall not be oblig to purchas or otherwis obtain altern suppli of product deliver under thi agreement , or the feedstock from which product directli or indirectli is deriv . nor shall em be oblig to settl labour disput , run down inventori below normal level , adapt or vari it manufactur plan except at it own sole discret , or to take ani step other than in accord with good busi practic to make up inadequ suppli or to replac the suppli so curtail or cut off . em shall not be oblig to make up deliveri omit or curtail under thi agreement . ani such defici in deliveri shall be cancel with no liabil to either parti , it be agre , howev , that a forc majeur situat hereund shall not entitl either parti to cancel thi agreement . 17. in case of ani materi breach of the term and condit contain in the agreement by one of the parti , the other parti may , without give prior written notic in the event the materi breach is not cure within such notic period or without undertak ani recours to legal proceed , suspend it further perform , termin the agreement or requir specif perform by the other parti of the agreement in whole or in part , without prejudic to it right to damag for ani loss incur subject to articl 14 . 18. neither parti may assign thi agreement without the written consent of the other parti save in the case where such assign is to an em affili and prior written notic ha been given to the buyer . sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020 19. em inform buyer that ani inform relat to an identifi or identifi natur person ( “ individu ” ) , in particular busi contact detail of buyer ’ s personnel and contractor , which is commun by or on behalf of buyer to em ( “ person data ” ) , will be subject to data process by em . to learn more about the process of person data and about individu ’ s right in relat to the process , read the em data privaci notic at http : //www.exxonmobil.be/enbe/company/locations/belgium/legal-information-belgium-onli buyer shall inform it personnel and contractor and other relev individu of the em data privaci notic . 20. notwithstand ani other provis in thi agreement or ani other document , neither thi agreement nor ani other document shall constitut an agreement by em to take ani action or refrain from take ani action that is in conflict with , penal under or complianc with which is prohibit by the law or regul of the unit state , the european union ( eu ) , ani eu member state , the unit kingdom and/or norway , as applic . the parti furthermor repres , warrant and undertak to each other on a continu basi that they shall compli with all applic anti-briberi and anti-money launder law , rule and regul of ani govern relev to the transact , includ the us foreign corrupt practic act and the applic countri legisl implement oecd convent on combat briberi of foreign public offici in intern busi transact as such law and regul may be updat or amend from time to time . 21. to the extent permit by law , in the event that a parti becom awar that it will or may undergo a chang of control ( “ affect parti ” ) within the follow three ( 3 ) month , the affect parti will notifi the other parti without delay after it becom so awar . togeth with such notif , the affect parti will suppli the other parti with suffici inform to allow that other parti to reason assess the impact that such chang of control may have on it and/or it affili , on the affect parti ’ s creditworthi , and on the affect parti ’ s abil to perform it oblig under thi agreement . in the event that the other parti conclud in it sole discret that such chang of control , if it is implement : a ) may result in it and/or it affili be subject to ani fact , matter , event , circumst , condit or chang which materi and advers affect , or could reason be expect to materi and advers affect , individu or in aggreg , the busi , oper , asset , liabil , condit ( whether financi , trade or otherwis ) , prospect or oper result of it and/or it affiliates; b ) that the affect parti ’ s creditworthi may be reduced; and/or c ) that the affect parti ’ s abil to perform it oblig under the agreement may be neg affected; then the other parti may ( but is not oblig to ) termin thi agreement forthwith upon notic to the affect parti . such termin is without prejudic to the right and oblig of the parti that have accru up to and includ the date of termin . as use abov , `` chang of control '' mean ani of the follow : i ) ani transact , or seri of transact , that would result in the transfer of at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti interest in a parti ( or of at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti interest in ani busi entiti that own or control , directli or indirectli , at least fifti percent ( 50 ) of the equiti interest in a parti ( `` parti ’ s parent '' ) ) to a singl transfere or multipl transfere under common control; ii ) ani transact that would result in a parti ’ s ( or parti ’ s parent 's ) merg with one or more other entiti . 22. thi agreement between em and buyer shall be govern by the law of belgium ( exclud it rule on conflict of law ) . neither the uniform law on the intern sale of good ( 'uli ' ) , nor the unit nation convent on contract for the intern sale of good 1980 ( 'cisg ' ) shall appli . i ) if buyer 's regist offic is locat within the territori of the european econom area ( 'eea ' ) , ani disput between em and buyer aris out of or in relat to thi agreement shall be of the exclus jurisdict of the court of antwerp . ii ) if buyer 's regist offic is locat outsid the territori of the eea , ani disput aris out of or in relat to thi agreement shall be final settl under the cepani rule of arbitr by three ( 3 ) arbitr appoint in accord with said rule . the seat of the arbitr shall be brussel . the arbitr shall be conduct in the english languag . ________________________________ further inform on exxonmobil petroleum & chemic bvba is avail on : http : //www.exxonmobil.be/en-be/company/locations/belgium/legal-information-belgium-onli sourc : west pharmaceut servic inc , 8-k , 1/16/2020