exhibit 10.18 master suppli agreement master suppli agreement ( the “ agreement ” ) date novemb 1 , 2019 ( the “ effect date ” ) between reynold consum product llc , a delawar limit liabil compani with it headquart at 1900 west field court , lake forest , il 60045 ( “ seller ” ) , and pactiv llc , a delawar limit liabil compani with it headquart at 1900 west field court , lake forest , il 60045 ( “ buyer ” ) . seller and buyer are refer to individu at time as a “ parti ” and collect at time as the “ parti ” . background a. seller sell variou type of product use in the consum and food servic market . b. buyer sell variou type of product , includ certain product of the type made by seller , to it custom . c. the parti are enter into thi agreement to establish the term and condit under which seller may agre to sell specif product to buyer , and buyer may agre to purchas specif product from seller for later resal by buyer to it busi custom . agreement 1. term . the “ term ” of thi agreement will commenc on the effect date and will end on the earlier of : ( a ) the first anniversari of the expir date of the last purchas schedul ( as defin in thi next section ) ; ( b ) a termin date elect by a parti in a written notic deliv to the other parti ani time after the expir of the last purchas schedule; or ( c ) a termin date elect by a parti in a written notic deliv to the other parti as provid in subsect 11 ( d ) of thi agreement . the right and oblig of the parti under thi agreement will surviv the expir or earlier termin of thi agreement with respect to ani ( i ) product purchas and sold under thi agreement dure the term and product sold after the term for order accept dure the term; ( ii ) confidenti inform ( as defin in section 10 of thi agreement ) disclos or receiv by a parti dure the term; ( iii ) breach of thi agreement by a party; ( iv ) ani other statement , decis , act or omiss of a parti concern or relat to thi agreement; ( v ) ani disput ( as defin in section 11 of thi agreement ) between the parti concern or relat to thi agreement; ( vi ) product and other materi manufactur or maintain by seller in inventori for sale to buyer that buyer is oblig to purchas under a purchas schedule; and ( vii ) ani provis that expressli state that it will surviv the expir or earlier termin of thi agreement . 2. scope . thi agreement will appli to all product sold by seller to buyer , and all product purchas by buyer from seller , dure the term unless the parti expressli agre that thi agreement will not appli to a particular type of transact in a separ written document sign by an offic of each parti . thi agreement will not requir seller to sell ani type or quantiti of a product to buyer , nor will thi agreement requir buyer to purchas ani type or quantiti of a product from seller , except as expressli provid by the parti in a purchas schedul . the phrase “ purchas schedul ” will mean a written supplement to thi agreement sign by an offic of each parti which refer thi agreement and which ident , among other term and condit , the specif type and quantiti of product that will be purchas and sold by the parti on term and condit in the schedul , the specif for the identifi product , the durat of the commit period dure which the parti will be oblig to purchas and sell the identifi product on the term and condit in the schedul , the price of the identifi product , ani mechan for adjust the price of the identifi product over the commit period , and the facil at which the identifi product will be manufactur , store and deliv by seller . the parti may add term and condit to , and amend the term and condit of , thi agreement in a purchas schedul , but ani addit and amend term and condit in a purchas schedul supplement and modifi thi agreement will onli appli the specif product identifi in that purchas schedul for it durat . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 3. standard oper procedur . over approxim the past eight year , the parti have been suppli select product to one anoth for use in the oper of their respect busi within the unit state of america , canada and mexico . the parti develop and been follow certain standard oper procedur in connect with , among other topic , forecast , product plan , order , deliv and resolv claim on the product suppli to one anoth ( the “ current sop ” ) . the parti will be updat their respect busi system over the next six month , and the updat to these busi system will requir the parti to modifi the current sop . onc the parti have complet the updat to the busi system and agre on the necessari modif to the current sop , the parti will sign a written amend to thi agreement append the updat standard oper procedur ( the “ updat sop ” ) . until the parti have sign a written amend append the updat sop , the parti will continu to follow the current sop . the parti will compli with the applic sop in connect with the purchas and sale of product identifi in a purchas schedul . the parti may add term and condit to , and amend the term and condit of , the sop in a purchas schedul , but ani addit and amend term and condit in a purchas schedul supplement and modifi the sop will onli appli the specif product identifi in that purchas schedul for it durat . 4. order and prioriti of interpret . in the event of ani conflict , inconsist or ambigu between two or more provis in thi agreement , includ the provis in it exhibit and purchas schedul , the provis in the document will govern , supersed and control over one anoth in the follow order of prioriti : ( 1st ) a purchas schedul with regard to the purchas and sale of the specif product identifi in that purchas schedul for it duration; ( 2nd ) the sop; ( 3rd ) ani exhibit to thi agreement but onli with regard to specif subject matter of the exhibit; and ( 4th ) the main bodi of thi agreement prior to the signatur page . 5. gener represent , warranti and coven . a parti repres , warrant and coven on the effect date and at all time dure the term that : a. the parti is form , regist , licens and oper it busi in complianc with the law of the unit state of america , it state and territori , and ani district , municip and other polit subdivis of the forego ( “ applic law ” ) . b. the parti is oper it busi in complianc with a commerci reason code of ethic adopt by such parti . c. the parti may enter into and perform it oblig under thi agreement without be in conflict with , or in breach of , ani other agreement of the parti . d. the parti is solvent , is capabl of pay it debt as and when they becom due and is pay it debt as and when due . e. the parti is not the subject of a crimin investig nor a defend in ani crimin indict , petit , complaint or proceed that carri a potenti sentenc involv incarcer in excess of one year for ani director or execut offic of the parti involv in the alleg crimin misconduct or a fine in excess of 100,000 usd . a parti will promptli notifi the other parti of ani chang in circumst dure the term in which the parti is no longer in complianc with the forego gener represent , warranti and coven . an incid of actual , alleg or suspect non-compli by a parti with a warranti under thi section be investig , contest or correct in good faith by the parti and which , regardless of outcom , will have no materi advers effect on the parti or it perform under thi agreement or on the other parti , will not be consid a breach of thi claus . an incid of actual , alleg or suspect non-compli by a parti of thi section or ani other section of thi agreement will be ground for the other parti to demand adequ assur of perform as provid by section 2-609 of the illinoi uniform commerci code . a parti will have ten ( 10 ) day to provid adequ assur of perform to the other parti in a form accept to the other parti in it good faith discret . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 6. specif product warranti . seller repres and warrant to buyer that each product sold under thi agreement will at the time of deliveri to buyer : a. be in new , undamag and unadulter condit free of ani defect in design , materi and manufactur . seller is not make ani represent or warranti under thi claus with regard to the design of a product to the extent the design constitut , incorpor or otherwis embodi intellectu properti that buyer ha repres and warrant to seller is own by buyer and which buyer ha licens to seller to manufactur the product for buyer . b. have been manufactur and store by seller at a plant ( and , if applic under a purchas schedul , a warehous ) of seller approv in the applic purchas schedul prior to it deliveri to buyer . c. ha been manufactur , packag , label , sold and deliv by seller , and may be sold by buyer in interst commerc , in complianc with applic law , includ without limit with food safeti regul issu by the unit state food and drug administr that are applic to the product . seller will not be in breach of thi warranti becaus an applic law prohibit , restrict or impos a charg on a product in a district , municip or other polit subdivis of the unit state of america or it state or territori . d. compli with the written specif for the product identifi in the applic purchas schedul . e. be fit for the purpos of packag , sell or use in consum food subject to qualif and instruct on the use of the product in the written specif for the product identifi in the applic purchas schedul . f. be convey by seller to buyer with good and market titl free and clear of all lien , encumbr and claim aris by , through or under seller . g. not infring on ani patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other the intellectu properti of ani third-parti regist or otherwis recogn and enforc under applic law . seller is not make ani represent or warranti under thi claus with regard to the design of a product to the extent the design constitut , incorpor or otherwis embodi intellectu properti that buyer ha repres and warrant to seller is own by buyer and which buyer ha licens to seller to manufactur the product for buyer . h. compli with ani addit represent and warranti of seller regard the product in the applic purchas schedul . if a buyer receiv a product that fail to conform to these represent and warranti , the sole remedi of buyer for the breach of warranti will be to : ( 1 ) reject and return the non-conform product to seller for a refund or credit , or a replac conform product , in the manner and time period provid in the sop; ( 2 ) obtain reimburs from seller for actual , reason , substanti out-of-pocket expens incur by buyer in the recoveri , return or dispos of a non-conform product that is the subject of a mandatori product recal requir under applic law or a voluntari withdraw declar by seller or approv by seller ( such approv not to be unreason withheld , condit or delay ) ; and ( 3 ) obtain indemnif from seller for ani indemnifi claim aris from or relat to the non-conform product as provid in section 7. sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 7. indemnif . a. a claim that a parti ( refer to at time in thi section as an “ indemnifi parti ” ) is requir to defend and indemnifi the other parti ( refer to at time in thi section as an “ indemnifi parti ” ) under thi agreement is refer to at time in thi section as an “ indemnifi claim ” . defens and indemnif under thi section will includ , without limit , ( 1 ) pay or reimburs the actual , reason , substanti out-of-pocket expens incur in connect with the investig , defens and settlement of ani civil , crimin or administr action , suit , arbitr , mediat , hear , audit , investig or other proceed threaten or commenc against an indemnifi parti on an indemnifi claim ( e.g. , fee and expens of attorney , account , auditor , investig , consult expert , testifi expert and other consultants; fee and expens of an arbitr or mediator; file fee and cost impos by ani court , administr agenc or other tribunal; etc . ) , and ( 2 ) satisfi ani judgment , award , order , lien , levi , fine , penalti or other sanction impos against an indemnifi parti on an indemnifi claim . b. seller will defend and indemnifi buyer against : ( 1 ) ani third-parti claim for person injuri , damag to tangibl properti or other loss to the extent caus by ani actual or alleg breach of thi agreement by seller , includ , without limit , ani product suppli by seller which fail to conform to the represent and warranti in thi agreement; ( 2 ) ani third-parti claim for person injuri , damag to tangibl properti or other loss to the extent caus by ani actual or alleg neglig or other legal culpabl misconduct of seller in the design , manufactur , storag , sale or deliveri of ani product sold by seller under thi agreement or in the perform of other oblig of seller under thi agreement; ( 3 ) ani third-parti claim for actual or alleg infring of a product sold by seller under thi agreement or it design , manufactur , storag , packag , sale or deliveri by seller under thi agreement or in the perform of ani other oblig of seller under thi agreement ( except to the extent that the infring is base on intellectu properti that that buyer ha repres and warrant to seller that buyer own and that buyer ha licens to seller and that seller ha use in complianc with the licens term in suppli the product ) ; ( 4 ) the threat or imposit of ani fine , penalti or other sanction by a government author on buyer to the extent caus by ani actual or alleg violat by seller of applic law; or ( 5 ) ani other matter that seller ha agre to defend and indemnifi buyer against under a purchas schedul . c. buyer will defend and indemnifi seller against : ( 1 ) ani third-parti claim for person injuri , damag to tangibl properti or other loss to the extent caus by ani actual or alleg breach of thi agreement by buyer; ( 2 ) ani third-parti claim for person injuri , damag to tangibl properti or other loss to the extent caus by ani actual or alleg neglig or other legal culpabl misconduct of buyer in the purchas , storag , repackag , resal or deliveri of ani product purchas from seller under thi agreement or in the perform of other oblig of buyer under thi agreement; ( 3 ) ani third-parti claim for actual or alleg infring of a product sold by seller under thi agreement or it design , manufactur , storag , sale or deliveri by seller under thi agreement or in the perform of ani other oblig of seller under thi agreement to the extent base on intellectu properti that that buyer ha repres and warrant to seller that buyer own and that buyer ha licens to seller and that seller ha use in complianc with the licens term in suppli the product; ( 4 ) the threat or imposit of ani fine , penalti or other sanction by government author on seller to the extent caus by ani actual or alleg violat by buyer of applic law; or ( 5 ) ani other matter that buyer ha agre to defend and indemnifi seller against under a purchas schedul . d. as a condit of receiv defens and indemnif under thi section for an indemnifi claim , the indemnifi parti must : ( 1 ) notifi and tender the defens of an indemnifi claim to the indemnifi parti promptli after the indemnifi parti learn of the indemnifi claim; and sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 ( 2 ) provid inform and cooper reason request by the indemnifi parti in the investig , defens , settlement and satisfact of the indemnifi claim . an indemnifi parti will reimburs the indemnifi parti of ani reason , actual , substanti out-of-pocket expens incur in provid the request inform or cooper . e. if the indemnifi parti accept the tender of defens of an indemnifi claim , with or without reserv , the indemnifi parti will : ( 1 ) promptli notifi the indemnifi parti of the accept of the tender of defens of the indemnifi claim . ( 2 ) control the investig , defens , settlement and satisfact of the indemnifi claim , includ , without limit , the select of licens , qualifi and reput attorney and expert wit and all decis over settlement and litig strategi . the indemnifi parti must act in good faith in exercis control over the investig , defens , settlement and satisfact of the indemnifi claim . ( 3 ) provid inform reason request by the indemnifi parti regard the investig , defens , settlement and satisfact of the indemnifi claim f. an indemnifi parti , act in good faith , may settl an indemnifi claim for which it is respons under thi agreement involv infring on the intellectu properti of a third-parti by : ( 1 ) obtain a licens from the third-parti allow the requir use of it intellectu property; ( 2 ) modifi a product , equip or process in a manner which avoid infring on the intellectu properti of the third-party; or ( 3 ) voluntarili withdraw the infring product from the market and either refund the amount paid by the indemnifi parti for the infring product or replac the infring product with a non-infring product . g. the parti may disagre on whether a claim is an indemnifi claim under thi agreement , which parti should be consid the indemnifi parti and indemnifi parti for an indemnifi claim or whether each parti is partial liabl for an indemnifi claim and how liabil for such an indemnifi claim should be alloc between them . in these and other circumst in which an actual or potenti conflict of interest exist or aris between the parti with regard to an alleg or agre upon indemnifi claim that would preclud their joint represent by a singl defens counsel , the parti will endeavor in good faith to attempt to resolv the conflict . if the parti are abl to resolv the actual or potenti conflict of interest , the parti will memori the agre upon resolut in a written joint defens agreement sign by offic of each parti and their joint defens counsel . if the parti are unabl to resolv the actual or potenti conflict of interest , each parti may independ and separ investig , defend , settl and satisfi the claim subject to their right to pursu payment or reimburs for cost incur in do so from the other parti as provid in thi agreement . 8. insur . dure the term of thi agreement , each parti will maintain the follow minimum type and amount of insur coverag dure the term of thi agreement : a. commerci gener liabil insur . occurr base coverag with a combin singl limit of at least 10,000,000 per occurr and in the aggreg for premis and operations; product and complet operations; contractu liabil coverag for indemn of a parti contain within thi agreement; broad form properti damag ( includ complet oper ) ; explos , collaps and underground hazards; and person injuri . requir addit insur endors and waiver of subrog endors . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 b. automobil liabil insur . occurr base coverag with a combin singl limit of at least 10,000,000 per occurr and in the aggreg for own , non-own , and hire automot equip of the parti . requir addit insur endors and waiver of subrog endors . c. worker ’ compens liabil insur . occurr base coverag provid benefit in the minim amount requir by applic law for workplac and work relat injuri and ill to the employe of a parti , includ , without limit , worker compens act of applic u.s. state , the u.s. longshoremen ’ s and harbor worker compens act and the u.s. jone act . requir altern employ endors and waiver of subrog endors . d. employ ’ liabil insur . occurr base coverag with a limit of at least 10,000,000 per occurr or ani greater limit set by applic law workplac and work relat injuri and ill to the employe of a parti . requir waiver of altern employ endors . e. properti insur . coverag provid “ all risk ” properti insur at the replac valu of the machineri , equip , fixtur , tool , materi and other properti of the parti . “ all risk ” coverag will includ , by way of exampl and not limit , loss or damag result from earthquak , flood , wind , fire or other natur or weather-rel phenomenon . requir waiver of subrog endors . all insur of a parti on such polici must have at all time an a.m. best financi rate of at least “ a-minu vii ” . an insur parti may satisfi the requir minimum amount of insur through a primari polici and one or more excess polici . all insur of an insur parti must be “ primari and non-contributori ” with respect to ani insur that the other parti may maintain , but onli with respect to the neglig or other legal liabil of the insur parti . an insur parti must deliv the follow written evid of the requir insur coverag to the other parti ( attent : risk manag ) , or it design insur monitor servic , within ten ( 10 ) of written request and at least thirti ( 30 ) day in advanc of the expir of a then current polici term ( if a declar or endors is not avail from an insur at the time request or requir , an insur parti will provid them as soon as the declar or endors is avail from the insur ) : i. certif of insur confirm that the requir insur coverag and minim limit are met for the extend , renew or replac polici term . ii . declar page of insur polici ( or a copi of the binder until the declar page are avail ) confirm that the requir insur coverag and minim limit are met for the extend , renew or replac polici term . iii . copi of addit insur endors requir for applic polici in the name and for the benefit of : “ [ name of other parti ] , it parent , subsidiari and affiliates; ani lessor of the forego and ani mortgage , deed of trust beneficiari and secur creditor of such lessors; and ani successor and assigne of all of the foregoing. ” iv . copi of altern employ endors and waiver of subrog endors requir for applic polici in the name and for the benefit of : “ “ [ name of other parti ] , it parent , subsidiari and affiliates; ani lessor of the forego and ani mortgage , deed of trust beneficiari and secur creditor of such lessors; and ani successor and assigne of all of the foregoing. ” sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 a parti may maintain ani level of deduct on requir insur coverag allow by applic law . a parti may also self-insur ani of the requir insur coverag , in whole or in part , if allow by applic law dure ani period that the parti maintain a tangibl net worth in excess of 100 million usd and maintain a profession manag and adequ reserv for and fund self-insur program . 9. limit on liabil . a. disclaim of represent and warranti . each parti : ( 1 ) disclaim all represent and warranti regard it product , perform , suppli inform or busi , whether oral or written , express or impli , aris by oper of law or otherwis , includ , without limit , the impli warranti of merchant and the impli warranti of fit for a particular purpos , other than those express represent and warranti of the parti in thi agreement; ( 2 ) acknowledg that the parti ha not reli on , and will not reli on , ani represent and warranti of the other parti regard it product , perform , suppli inform or busi , whether oral or written , express or impli , aris by oper of law or otherwis , other than those express represent and warranti of the other parti in thi agreement; and ( 3 ) waiv ani claim that the parti may have base , in whole or in part , on ani represent and warranti of the other parti regard it product , perform , suppli inform or busi , whether oral or written , express or impli , aris by oper of law or otherwis , other than those express represent and warranti of the other parti in thi agreement . notwithstand the forego , buyer is entitl to reli on ( i ) the descript inform in transact document issu by either parti in the ordinari cours of busi dure the term identifi the order product ( e.g. , the type and quantiti of order product and schedul date and locat for deliveri ) and ( ii ) fda guaranti letter and other similar written assur in seller ’ s standard form certifi that a product compli with applic law issu by seller to buyer and other u.s. custom in the ordin cours of busi dure the term . b. exclus of indirect damages; waiver of claim for insur damag or loss . a parti that breach thi agreement will onli be liabl to the other parti for direct damag aris from the breach . each parti waiv ani right to recov consequenti , incident , indirect , exemplari , punit or ani other type of indirect damag from the other parti for a breach of thi agreement . notwithstand the preced sentenc , thi subsect will not limit the liabil of a parti for ani amount or type of damag for : ( 1 ) the defens and indemnif of an indemnifi claim on which the parti is the indemnifi party; ( 2 ) infring by the parti on the intellectu properti of the other party; ( 3 ) the unauthor disclosur or use by the parti of the confidenti inform of the other party; ( 4 ) payment or reimburs of ani amount expressli requir to be paid or reimburs by the parti under a provis of thi agreement; or ( 5 ) the intent misconduct of the parti in violat of applic law . c. forc majeur . a parti will not be consid in breach of thi agreement or liabl to the other parti for ani interrupt or delay in perform under thi agreement to the extent caus by an event outsid of the abil of the perform parti to forese and avoid with the exercis of commerci reason effort ( such an event is refer to at time as an event of “ forc majeur ” ) . exampl of event of forc majeur includ , without limit : natur disasters; war; act of terrorism; govern action; accident; strike , slowdown and other labor disputes; shortag in or inabl to obtain materi , equip , transport or labor; ani breach , neglig , crimin misconduct or other act or omiss of ani third-party; fire or other insur or uninsur casualti . a parti whose perform is interrupt or delay by an event of forc majeur will be excus from the interrupt or delay in perform dure the event of forc majeur and for a commerci reason period of addit time after the event of forc majeur that the parti need to recov from the event of forc majeur and restor perform . notwithstand the forego , a parti will onli be excus for an interrupt or delay in perform under thi subsect for an event of forc majeur onli if the parti ( 1 ) promptli notifi the other parti of the event of forc majeur and provid inform reason request by the other parti regard the event of forc majeur , the effort undertaken by the sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 parti to forese and avoid interrupt or delay in it perform befor the occurr of the event , to mitig interrupt or delay in perform dure the event , and to recov from and restor perform follow the event; and ( 2 ) the parti exercis commerci reason effort to mitig , recov from and restor perform follow the event of forc majeur . dure , and while recov from and restor perform follow , an event of forc majeur , seller will act in good faith in alloc it avail manufactur capac to suppli product to buyer under thi agreement and ani product to other custom of seller . if an event of forc majeur interrupt or delay seller from suppli a product to buyer under thi agreement in the quantiti and timet requir by buyer , buyer may cancel ani unfil order for the product with seller and procur the requir quantiti of the product from one or more other sourc until seller ha recov from and restor it abil to perform follow the event of forc majeur . if the interrupt or delay in the suppli of a product to buyer under thi agreement caus by an event of forc majeur ha exceed , or is reason like to exceed , thirti ( 30 ) day , buyer may enter into longer term suppli agreement or make other arrang to procur the requir quantiti of the product from one or more other sourc for a durat and on term accept to buyer in it good faith discret . in such a circumst , buyer will not have to resum purchas the product from seller under thi agreement until seller ha recov from and restor it abil to perform follow the event of forc majeur and the longer term agreement or other arrang have expir or buyer is abl to end them without liabil . thi subsect will not excus nor extend a deadlin by which a parti must pay an amount owe under thi agreement or applic law or by which a parti must exercis ani right or remedi under thi agreement or applic law . 10. confidenti inform and other intellectu properti . a. the parti anticip exchang confidenti inform ( as defin in in the next subsect ) over the term of thi agreement for the purpos of negoti and enter into purchas schedul and amend to thi agreement , transact busi with one in accord with thi agreement and exercis their right and perform their oblig under thi agreement ( collect refer to as the “ author purpos ” ) . b. the phrase “ confidenti inform ” mean inform meet all of the follow criteria : 1 ) the inform is a trade secret or other non-publ , proprietari inform own by a parti or it direct and indirect subsidiari under applic law ( thi parti is refer to at time in thi section as the “ disclos parti ” ) ; and 2 ) the other parti ( refer to at time in thi section as the “ receiv parti ” ) request such inform from the disclos parti for the author purpos dure the term ( i.e. , neither parti want unsolicit confidenti inform from the other parti ) ; and 3 ) the disclos parti disclos such request inform to the receiv parti dure the term either label as “ confidenti ” or word of similar intent , or describ the disclos inform in reason detail in a written notic to the receiv parti deliv , either at the time of disclosur or within five ( 5 ) day of disclosur . if a disclos parti neglect to label or deliv time written notic to the receiv parti identifi the disclos inform as confidenti in natur , the disclos inform will onli be treat as confidenti inform under thi agreement if the disclos parti is abl to demonstr by clear and convinc evid that the receiv parti knew that the disclos inform wa a trade secret or other non-publ , proprietari inform of the disclos parti at the time of disclosur . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 the criteria in claus ( 2 ) and claus ( 3 ) will not appli to confidenti inform of a disclos parti observ or heard by a receiv parti in a plant , warehous , facil or system of the disclos parti . the exist and term of thi agreement , and the exist , natur and extent of the busi relationship between the parti , will be consid the confidenti inform of each parti . c. the phrase “ confidenti inform ” also mean the know-how of a disclos parti and it direct and indirect subsidiari that a receiv parti and it direct and indirect subsidiari learn of , acquir or otherwis use prior to the effect date . the phrase “ know-how ” mean trade secret and other confidenti , proprietari inform of a parti or it affili concern the manufactur , storag , packag , market , sale and deliveri of it product . exampl of know-how may be in the form of draw , equip specif , formula , formul , guidelin , manual , method , plan , polici , procedur , process , properti and applic of raw materi and product , tool , die and mold . a receiv parti and it direct and indirect subsidiari may continu to use the know- how of the disclos parti and it direct and indirect subsidiari in the possess of the receiv parti and it direct and indirect subsidiari as of the effect date for the author purpos and in connect with the oper of the busi of the receiv parti and it direct and indirect subsidiari . noth in thi subsect or ani other provis of thi agreement will oblig a parti to disclos or licens the use of it know-how of ani kind and in ani form aris , discov , acquir or develop after the effect date to the other parti . d. the phrase “ confidenti inform ” doe not includ , and there will not be ani duti of confidenti or other restrict under thi agreement for , the follow type of inform : ( 1 ) inform which is or becom avail as part of the public domain through ani mean other than as a result of a breach of thi agreement by the receiv party; or ( 2 ) inform , other than know-how receiv prior the effect date , which is known to the receiv parti befor the disclosur of the same inform by the disclos party; or ( 3 ) inform which is or becom avail to the receiv parti from a third-parti who is not under ani duti to preserv the confidenti of such information; or ( 4 ) inform which is furnish by the disclos parti to a third-parti without impos ani duti on the third-parti to preserv the confidenti of such information; or ( 5 ) inform which is independ develop by the receiv parti without the use of or relianc on ani trade secret or other non-publ , proprietari inform provid by the disclos parti as confidenti inform under thi agreement or under ani prior agreement between the parties; or ( 6 ) inform that ceas to be a trade secret or other non-publ , proprietari inform of the disclos parti under applic law through ani mean other than those enumer abov that doe not involv nor result from a breach of thi agreement by the receiv parti . e. a parti may request and disclos confidenti inform in ani form or medium . confidenti inform may includ , without limit , inform concern the asset , liabil , financ , financi statement , ownership , good , servic , custom , supplier , market , manufactur , equip , softwar , technolog , suppli chain , busi strategi , plan , model , polici , method , process , formula , specif , draw , schemat , softwar and technic know-how of a disclos parti . a receiv parti will take all commerci reason action requir to safeguard the confidenti inform of a disclos parti in the possess of such receiv parti against the unauthor disclosur or use of the confidenti inform by other person . a receiv parti will promptli notifi the disclos parti if the receiv parti learn of ani unauthor disclosur or use of the confidenti inform of the disclos parti by ani sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 person . a receiv parti will cooper in good faith with the disclos parti to prevent ani unauthor disclosur or use of the confidenti inform of the disclos parti by ani person . f. a receiv parti will not disclos nor use the confidenti inform of a disclos parti except as follow : ( 1 ) a receiv parti may disclos confidenti inform of a disclos parti on a “ need to know ” basi to the repres of the receiv parti who requir such inform for the author purpos and in order for the receiv parti and it affili to compli with applic law , account standard and secur exchang requir . befor make such a disclosur , the receiv parti will advis the repres of the confidenti natur of the inform be share and ensur that duti and restrict are , or have been , impos on the repres receiv the confidenti inform similar to those impos on the receiv parti under thi agreement . a receiv parti will be liabl for ani breach of thi agreement by it repres . an “ affili ” of a parti mean a legal entiti that own and control , or is own and control by , or is under common ownership and control with , a parti ( other than the other parti or ani of it direct and indirect subsidiari ) , with ownership and control of a legal entiti be determin by the ownership of the major vote interest in the legal entiti . a “ repres ” mean the affili of a parti and the director , offic , manag , employe , account , attorney , auditor and other agent and consult of a parti and it affili . ( 2 ) a receiv parti may disclos confidenti inform of a disclos parti to a court , government entiti or ani other person in order for the receiv parti and it affili to compli with applic law , account standard and secur exchang requir . if legal permiss and reason possibl , a receiv parti will notifi the disclos parti prior to disclos it confidenti inform pursuant to thi section and cooper in good faith with ani law effort by the disclos parti to avoid or limit the disclosur of it confidenti inform . a receiv parti will not be oblig to incur ani liabil , expens or risk in extend such cooper to a disclos parti . base on legal advic of it attorney , a receiv parti may disclos the confidenti inform of the disclos parti by ani deadlin establish under an applic law , account standard and secur exchang requir . ( 3 ) a receiv parti may disclos and use the confidenti inform of a disclos parti to enforc or interpret thi agreement or ani other agreement with the disclos parti in ani arbitr , court or other legal proceed . a receiv parti may disclos and use thi confidenti inform of a disclos parti to defend the receiv parti or it affili or their respect repres in ani arbitr , court or other legal proceed . in either circumst , the receiv parti will ensur that a protect order , agreement or other mechan is in place to preserv the confidenti of the confidenti inform . ( 4 ) a receiv parti and it repres may disclos and use the confidenti inform for ani other purpos consent to by a disclos parti in a written notic sign by an offic of the disclos parti deliv to the receiv parti . g. in disclos it confidenti inform to a receiv parti , a disclos parti repres , warrant and coven to the receiv parti that : ( 1 ) the disclos parti own and ha the right to disclos and author the use of confidenti inform as provid in thi agreement . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 ( 2 ) the receiv parti and it repres may use the confidenti inform of the disclos parti for the author purpos and other limit purpos provid in thi agreement . ( 3 ) the disclos parti will indemnifi , defend and hold harmless the receiv parti and it repres against ani claim of a third-parti that the disclosur and use of the confidenti inform of the disclos parti as provid in thi agreement infring on a patent , trademark , copyright , trade secret or other intellectu properti of the third-parti regist in or otherwis recogn and enforc under applic law . except for the limit represent and warranti in thi section , a disclos parti disclaim all other represent and warranti of ani kind relat to it confidenti inform , whether express , impli or aris by oper of law , includ the disclaim , without limit , of ani represent and warranti concern merchant , fit for a particular purpos , truth , accuraci or complet . h. the right and oblig of the parti under thi section with regard to disclos confidenti inform will continu : ( 1 ) until the earlier of ( i ) sixti ( 60 ) month from the date of disclosur to a receiv parti or ( ii ) the date such inform ceas to be consid confidenti inform under thi agreement , for confidenti inform that is not a trade secret of a disclos parti under applic law; and ( 2 ) until confidenti inform that is a trade secret of a disclos parti under applic law ceas to be a trade secret of the disclos parti under applic law . i. a receiv parti will return or destroy all form of confidenti inform of the disclos parti in the custodi of the receiv parti and it repres within ten ( 10 ) day of receipt of a written request from the disclos parti and after the expir or earlier termin of thi agreement . thi will includ , without limit , all copi , record , document and other inform repres , compris , contain , referenc or creat base on confidenti inform of the disclos parti . notwithstand the forego , a receiv parti and it repres may retain copi of confidenti inform of the disclos parti which ( x ) the receiv parti and it repres are requir to retain to compli with applic law , account standard and secur exchang requir ( but onli for the durat and in the manner so requir for thi limit purpos ) ; or ( y ) have been archiv in electron form by the receiv parti and it repres and which would be unduli burdensom for the receiv parti and it repres to have to search for and delet the confidenti inform of the disclos parti . j. except for the limit right to disclos and use confidenti inform of a disclos parti for the author purpos and other purpos provid in the thi section and except for ani licens of intellectu properti grant by a disclos parti to the receiv parti in a purchas schedul , thi agreement doe not grant a receiv parti or it repres ani right , titl , interest or ownership in the confidenti inform of the disclos parti nor in ani patent , trademark , copyright or other intellectu properti of the disclos parti . as between the parti dure the term , to be effect , the grant of ani right , titl , interest and ownership in and to ani confidenti inform of parti or in an patent , trademark , copyright and other intellectu properti of the parti must be in write and sign by the chief execut offic of the parti . dure the term , a parti will not develop intellectu properti for , on behalf of , or in collabor with , the other parti unless the parti have enter into a purchas schedul or other separ written agreement sign by an offic of each parti . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 11. disput resolut . a. negoti . if a parti believ that the other parti ha breach thi agreement or if there is a disput between the parti over the interpret of thi agreement ( a “ disput ” ) , the parti will endeavor to resolv the disput through good faith negoti for a period of thirti ( 30 ) day after a parti notifi the other parti of the disput and befor either parti request mediat or file litig to resolv the disput . b. mediat . if the parti have been unabl to resolv a disput through good faith negoti as provid in the prior subsect , a parti may request that the parti attempt to resolv the disput through mediat by notifi the other parti with a copi to jam . the parti will attempt to select a mutual accept jam mediat within ten ( 10 ) day of the notic request mediat . the mediat will be held in lake counti or cook counti , illinoi within thirti ( 30 ) day of the notic request mediat befor a jam mediat and in complianc with jam mediat guidelin . each parti will bear it own cost in prepar for and particip in the mediat and one-half of the fee and expens charg by jam for conduct the mediat . c. litig . if the parti have been unabl to resolv a disput through mediat as provid in the prior subsect , a parti may file litig against the other parti in a court of compet jurisdict in the unit state of america . with respect to litig involv onli the parti or their affili , the parti irrevoc consent to the exclus person jurisdict and venu of the u.s. feder and illinoi state court of compet subject matter jurisdict locat in lake counti , illinoi or cook counti , illinoi and their respect higher court of appeal for the limit purpos of resolv a disput , and the parti waiv , to the fullest extent permit by law , ani defens of inconveni forum . the parti waiv ani right to trial by juri as to ani disput resolv through litig . notwithstand the forego , a parti may file litig to resolv a disput without undergo either negoti or mediat as provid in the prior subsect for ani disput involv : ( i ) infring on intellectu property; ( ii ) the unauthor use or disclosur of confidenti information; or ( iii ) a request for a temporari restrain order , a preliminari or perman injunct or ani other type of equit relief . d. remedi . except as expressli limit in the preced subsect and the other provis in thi agreement , a parti may immedi exercis ani right and remedi avail to the parti under applic law upon a breach of thi agreement by the other parti . a parti will not suspend perform under or termin thi agreement or ani accept purchas order for a product be purchas and sold under thi agreement unless : ( 1 ) the other parti is in materi breach of thi agreement and ha either refus to cure the materi breach or ha fail to cure the materi breach within thirti ( 30 ) day of it receipt of written notic of the failure; and ( 2 ) the parti have been unabl to resolv the disput relat to the materi breach through negoti or mediat , or the breach parti ha refus or fail to attempt to resolv the disput through negoti or mediat , as provid in thi section . notwithstand the forego , a parti may suspend perform or termin thi agreement or ani accept purchas order for a product be purchas and sold under thi agreement immedi on written notic to the other parti , and without provid the other parti an opportun to cure the materi breach or attempt to resolv a disput over the materi breach by negoti or mediat as provid in thi section , for a materi breach by the other parti involv substanti harm to the reput , goodwil and busi of the non-breach parti that can not reason be avoid or fulli redress by provid the other parti an opportun to cure the materi breach . e. late fee and collect cost . if buyer fail to pay seller an amount owe under thi agreement by the invoic due date , then buyer will owe seller : ( i ) the delinqu amount; and ( ii ) a late payment fee equal to two percent ( 2 ) of the delinqu amount for each full or partial calendar month past the invoic due date that the delinqu amount remain unpaid . in addit , if seller ha to file sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 litig to collect the amount owe and seller prevail in the litig , buyer will reimburs seller for actual , reason , substanti out-of-pocket expens incur by seller in collect the delinqu amount and accru late payment fee on the delinqu amount . under no circumst will the late payment fee payabl to seller exceed the amount that a creditor may law impos on a debtor on a delinqu amount under applic law . 12. miscellan . a. entir agreement . thi agreement , includ it append exhibit and purchas schedul enter into dure the term , constitut the entir agreement between the parti with respect to the sale of product by seller to buyer and the purchas of product by buyer from seller . thi agreement supersed all prior and simultan represent , discuss , negoti , letter , propos , agreement and understand , whether written or oral , with respect to thi subject matter . thi agreement will not be bind on either parti unless and until sign by the chief execut offic of each parti . no handwritten or other addit , delet or other modif to the print portion of thi agreement will be bind upon either parti to thi agreement . b. amend . a parti may not amend nor supplement the term and condit in thi agreement through the inclus of addit or differ term and condit in ani quotat , purchas order , invoic , bill of lade , letter , email or other document or commun . thi section doe not prevent the relianc on the descript inform in transact document identifi the order product ( e.g. , the type and quantiti of order product and schedul date and locat for deliveri ) . no amend of thi agreement will be valid or effect unless made in write and sign and exchang by the chief execut offic of the parti . a parti may approv or reject a request for an amend in it sole and absolut discret . c. waiver . the failur of either parti to insist in ani one or more instanc upon strict perform of ani of the provis of thi agreement or to take advantag of ani of it right shall not oper as a continu waiver of such right . no right or oblig under thi agreement will be consid to have been waiv by a parti unless such waiver is in write and is sign by an offic of the waiv parti and deliv to the other parti . no consent to or waiver of a breach by either parti will constitut a consent to , waiver of , or excus for ani other , differ , or subsequ breach by such parti . d. govern law . thi agreement and all claim or caus of action aris out of or relat to thi agreement shall be govern in all respect , includ as to valid , interpret and effect , by the law of the state of illinoi and the unit state of america , without give effect to it principl or rule of conflict of law . the unit nation convent on contract for the intern sale of good will not govern or otherwis be applic to thi agreement . e. sever . if ani term of provis of thi agreement , or the applic thereof shall be found invalid , void or unenforc by ani govern or government organ have jurisdict over the subject matter , the remain provis , and ani applic thereof , shall nevertheless continu in full forc and effect . f. assign . thi agreement , it right and oblig , is not assign or transfer by either parti , in whole or in part , except with the prior written consent of the other parti , which consent will not be unreason withheld , condit or delay . notwithstand the forego , either parti may transfer and assign thi agreement to ani of it affili or in connect with ani merger , consolid or sale of asset without the other parti ’ s prior consent provid ( a ) that ani such assign will not result in the assign parti be releas or discharg from ani liabil under thi agreement , and ( b ) the purchaser/assigne will expressli assum all oblig of the assign parti under thi agreement . the assign parti will provid the other parti with written sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 notic of such assign prior to or promptli follow the effect date of such assign . a chang of control shall be deem an assign requir consent hereund provid that ani transfer or assign that result in seller ’ s and buyer ’ s current common parent , reynold group hold limit , ceas to control either parti shall not requir consent of the other parti . the restrict in thi section will not preclud a parti for author an affili to purchas or sell a product on behalf of a parti under thi agreement . subject to the forego , all of the term , condit and provis of thi agreement shall be bind upon and shall inur to the benefit of the successor and assigne of the respect parti . g. third parti beneficiari . except as otherwis provid in a purchas schedul , there are no intend third-parti beneficiari of thi agreement . h. good faith and cooper . except where thi agreement state that a parti may expressli exercis a right or render a decis in it “ sole and absolut discret ” , a parti will exercis it right under thi agreement in it good faith busi judgment . a parti will perform it oblig under thi agreement in a commerci reason manner consist with industri practic and in complianc with applic law . a parti will promptli take such action , provid such inform and sign such document as the other parti may reason request to obtain the benefit and exercis the right grant , and to perform the oblig impos , under thi agreement . i. notic . ani notic requir or permit to be provid by a parti under thi agreement will be made to the notic address of the receiv parti set forth below or to an altern notic address later design by the receiv parti in accord with thi subsect . notic will be effect upon actual receipt by the receiv parti . an email notic will be effect against a receiv parti onli if the receiv parti acknowledg receipt of the email notic in a return notic to the notifi parti . a receiv parti agre to acknowledg receipt of an email notic in good faith promptli follow receipt . a parti may chang it address for notic by give notic to the other parti pursuant to thi subsect . address for notic to buyer : pactiv llc 1900 west field court lake forest , il 60045 attn : john mcgrath , chief execut offic email : jmcgrathpactiv.com for ani notic concern default or termin , with a copi to : pactiv llc 1900 west field court lake forest , il 60045 attn : steven r. karl , gener counsel email : skarlpactiv.com address for notic to seller : reynold consum product llc 1900 w. field court lake forest , il 60045 attent : lanc mitchel , chief execut offic email : lance.mitchellreynoldsbrands.com sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 for ani notic concern default or termin , with a copi to : reynold consum product llc 1900 w. field court lake forest , il 60045 attent : david watson , gener counsel email : david.watsonreynoldsbrands.com j. independ contractor . the relationship of the parti establish by thi agreement is that of independ contractor , and noth contain in thi agreement shall be constru to : ( a ) give either parti the power to direct and control the day-to-day activ of the other parti , ( b ) establish the parti as partner , joint ventur , co-own or otherwis as particip in a joint or common undertak , or ( c ) allow a parti to bind the other parti in ani manner or otherwis creat or assum ani oblig on behalf of the other parti for ani purpos whatsoev . a parti will not be consid an agent of the other parti . k. non-exclus suppli relationship . except as may be provid in a purchas schedul , the agreement is not evid of , nor doe it creat , ani form of exclus suppli relationship between the parti concern the purchas and sale of product . except as may be provid in a purchas schedul and for the type and quantiti of product in an accept purchas order , noth in the agreement oblig a parti to sell or purchas ani specifi volum , market share or other minimum level of product dure the term . l. construct . unless the context otherwis requir , the follow rule of construct will be appli to in the interpret of the agreement : ( 1 ) head are for conveni onli and do not affect interpretation; ( 2 ) singular includ the plural and vice-versa; ( 3 ) gender includ all genders; ( 4 ) if a word or phrase is defin , it other grammat form have a correspond meaning; ( 5 ) the mean of gener word is not limit by specif exampl introduc by “ includ ” , “ includ ” or “ for exampl ” or similar expressions; ( 6 ) the word “ person ” includ an individu , corpor , compani , trust , partnership , limit partnership , unincorpor bodi , joint ventur , consortium or other legal entity; ( 7 ) a refer in ani purchas schedul or exhibit to an articl , section , subsect or claus is a refer to an articl , section , subsect or claus in that purchas schedul or exhibit unless otherwis identified; ( 8 ) refer to a purchas schedul or exhibit is a refer to a schedul , exhibit describ , append or otherwis identifi in thi agreement; ( 9 ) a refer to conduct includ , without limit , an omiss , statement or undertak , whether or not in writing; ( 10 ) a refer to a third-parti is a refer to a person who is not a parti to thi agreement; ( 11 ) where a period of time is specifi for the perform of ani act and date from a given day or the day of an act or event , the period shall be exclus of that date; and ( 12 ) the parti agre that the agreement is the product of negoti between sophist parti and individu , all of whom were or have been given the opportun to be repres by counsel , and each of whom had an opportun to particip in , and did particip in , negoti of the term hereof . accordingli , the parti acknowledg and agre that the agreement is not a contract of adhes and that ambigu in the agreement , if ani , shall not be constru strictli or in favor of or against either parti , but rather shall be given a fair and reason construct . m. execut . thi agreement may be execut in ani number of counterpart , each of which shall be deem an origin as against the parti whose signatur appear thereon , but all of which taken togeth shall constitut but one and the same instrument . accept of thi agreement may be made by e-mail , mail or other commerci reason mean show the signatur of the chief execut offic of the parti . sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019 in wit whereof , seller and buyer have execut thi master suppli agreement as of the effect date . reynold consum product llc , as seller by : //s// lanc mitchel lanc mitchel chief execut offic pactiv llc , as buyer by : //s// john mcgrath john mcgrath chief execut offic sourc : reynold consum product inc. , s-1 , 11/15/2019