exhibit 10.5 execut version transport servic agreement thi transport servic agreement ( thi “ agreement ” ) is made and enter into thi 14th day of april , 2015 ( the “ effect date ” ) , by and between penntex north louisiana oper , llc , a delawar limit liabil compani ( “ carrier ” ) , and mrd oper llc , a delawar limit liabil compani ( “ shipper ” ) . shipper and carrier may be refer to individu as a “ parti , ” or collect as the “ parties. ” witnesseth : wherea , shipper ha titl to or the right to transport and/or sell shipper product ( as defin below ) ; and wherea , shipper desir for carrier to ( i ) design , engin and construct the system ( as defin below ) to enabl carrier to be abl to provid transport and relat servic for shipper product and ( ii ) transport shipper product on the system; and wherea , carrier desir to ( i ) design , engin and construct the system and ( ii ) transport shipper product on the system . now therefor , in consider of the mutual promis , coven and agreement herein contain , the parti herebi coven and agre as follow : articl i certain definit unless otherwis requir by the content , the term defin in thi articl i shall have , for all purpos of thi agreement , the respect mean set forth in thi articl i : “ affili ” shall mean , when use with respect to ani person , ani other person that , directli or indirectli , through one or more intermediari , control , is control by , or is under common control with such person . for thi purpos , “ control ” of ani person shall mean the possess , directli or indirectli , of the power to direct or caus the direct of the manag and polici of such person , by ownership of vote interest , by contract or otherwis . for the purpos of thi agreement , ( i ) with respect to penntex midstream partner , llc and it subsidiari , the term “ affili ” shall exclud memori resourc develop corp. and each of it subsidiari and ( ii ) with respect to memori resourc develop corp. and it subsidiari , the term “ affili ” shall exclud penntex midstream partner , llc and each of it subsidiari . “ ami/mea agreement ” shall mean that certain amend and restat area of mutual interest and midstream exclus agreement date april 14 , 2015 among penntex north louisiana , llc , shipper , penntex nla hold , llc and mrd whr la midstream llc , as such agreement may be amend , supplement or otherwis modifi from time to time . “ agreement ” shall have the mean given to such term in the preambl of thi agreement . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 “ applic law ” shall mean all applic law , statut , direct , code , ordin , rule , regul , municip by-law , judici , arbitr , administr , ministeri , department or regulatori judgment , order , decis , rule or award , consent order , consent decre and polici of ani government author . “ busi day ” shall have the mean given to such term in the tariff . “ carrier ” shall have the mean given to such term in the preambl of thi agreement . “ carrier default ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 8.3 of thi agreement . “ carrier default notic ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 8.4 of thi agreement . “ carrier forc majeur ” shall mean an event of forc majeur that prevent carrier from provid all or part of the servic and shall not includ a forc majeur that prevent shipper from deliv shipper product hereund . “ central clock time ” shall mean central standard time , as adjust for central daylight time . “ claim ” shall mean ani and all claim , demand and caus of action of ani kind and all loss , damag , liabil , cost and expens of whatev natur ( includ court cost and reason attorney ’ fee ) . “ commenc date ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 2.2 of thi agreement . “ commenc date facil ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 7.2 of thi agreement . “ contract year ” shall mean a period commenc at 9:00 a.m. , central clock time , on the commenc date and end at 9:00 a.m. , central clock time on the same day and calendar month of the follow calendar year and thereaft for succeed period of twelv ( 12 ) consecut month each . “ day ” or “ daili ” shall mean a period of hour commenc at 9:00 a.m. , central clock time , on a calendar day and end at 9:00 a.m. , central clock time , on the next succeed calendar day . “ dedic rate ” shall have the mean given to such term in the tariff . “ dedic ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 7.1 of thi agreement sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 “ deliveri point ” shall mean the deliveri point at the interconnect of the system with dcp ’ s 6 ” black lake natur ga liquid pipelin and other mutual agreeabl deliveri point near ada , bienvil parish , louisiana as provid in the tariff . “ disput ” shall mean ani controversi or claim , whether base on contract , tort , statut or other legal or equit theori ( includ , but not limit to , ani claim of fraud , misrepresent or fraudul induc or ani question of valid or effect of thi agreement includ thi claus ) aris out of or relat to thi agreement ( includ ani amend or extens ) , or breach or termin thereof . “ disput notic ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 12.2 of thi agreement . “ effect date ” shall have the mean given to such term in the preambl to thi agreement . “ ferc ” shall mean the unit state feder energi regulatori commiss and ani law successor agenc thereto . “ financi assur ” shall mean ani guarante , letter of credit , amend or supplement thereto or other credit enhanc provid for in articl xiii of thi agreement . “ forc majeur ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 11.2 of thi agreement . “ gallon ” mean one ( 1 ) u.s. gallon . “ ga ” shall mean ani mixtur of gaseou hydrocarbon , consist essenti of methan and heavier hydrocarbon and inert and noncombust gase that are extract from the subsurfac of the earth . “ government author ” shall mean ( i ) the unit state of america , ( ii ) ani state , counti , parish , municip or other government subdivis within the unit state of america , and ( iii ) ani court or ani government depart , commiss , board , bureau , agenc or other instrument of the unit state of america or of ani state , counti , municip or other government subdivis within the unit state of america . “ guarante ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 13.1 of thi agreement . “ interest ” shall mean ani right , titl , or interest in land , well , or leas and the right to produc oil and/or natur ga therefrom whether aris from fee ownership , work interest ownership , miner ownership , leasehold ownership , farm-out or aris from ani pool , unit or communit of ani of the forego right . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 “ lincoln parish plant ” shall mean that certain natur ga process plant to be construct by carrier or one of it affili and locat in arcadia , lincoln parish , louisiana . “ loss ” shall mean ani actual loss , cost , expens , liabil , damag , demand , suit , sanction , claim , judgment , lien , fine or penalti , includ attorney ’ fee , assert by a third parti not affili with the parti incur such , and which are incur by the applic indemnifi person on account of injuri ( includ death ) to ani person or damag to or destruct of ani properti , sustain or alleg to have been sustain in connect with or aris out of the matter for which the indemnifi parti ha indemnifi the applic indemnifi person . “ month ” shall mean a period of time begin at 9:00 a.m. , central clock time on the first day of a calendar month and end at 9:00 a.m. , central clock time on the first day of the next succeed calendar month . “ mount oliv plant ” shall mean that certain natur ga process plant to be construct by carrier or one of it affili and locat in ruston , lincoln parish , louisiana . “ new facil ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 7.3 of thi agreement . “ nomin ” ( includ “ nomin ” and the syntact variant thereof ) shall have the mean given to such term in the tariff . “ parti ” shall have the mean given to such term in the preambl of thi agreement . “ parti ” shall have the mean given to such term in the preambl of thi agreement . “ person ” shall mean ani individu , firm , corpor , trust , partnership , limit liabil compani , associ , joint ventur , other busi enterpris or government author . “ plant ” shall mean ( i ) the lincoln parish plant , ( ii ) the mount oliv plant and ( iii ) ani other ga process plant own by carrier or it affili that is capabl of extract shipper product and transport such shipper product from the tailgat of such plant to the system . “ plant ” shall mean ani of such plant . “ product ” shall mean a demethan mixtur of natur ga liquid compris primarili of ethan , propan , iso-butan , normal butan , iso- pentan , normal pentan , hexan and heavier hydrocarbon , incident volum of methan , as well as other non-hydrocarbon compound . “ receipt point ” shall mean the receipt point provid for in the tariff at the tailgat of the plant where carrier accept product for transport on the system . “ servic ” shall mean receipt and transport on the system of product for shipper ’ s account from the receipt point and deliveri to the destin point specifi in shipper ’ s nomin . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 “ shipper ” shall have the mean given to such term in the preambl of thi agreement . “ shipper default ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 8.1 of thi agreement . “ shipper default notic ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 8.2 ( a ) of thi agreement . “ shipper product ” shall mean product that is attribut to ga that is deliv by custom or it designe to , and process at , a plant . “ shipper ’ s dedic rate ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 6.1 of thi agreement . “ system ” shall have the mean given to such term in the tariff . “ tariff ” shall mean carrier ’ s rate , rule and regul tariff for the system on file and in effect with the ferc or other government author , as such tariff may be amend or supplement by carrier from time to time in accord with thi agreement , a pro forma copi of which , materi in the form expect to be file by carrier with the ferc , is attach hereto as exhibit a . “ tariff rate revis proceed ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 14.3 . “ tax ” shall mean ani or all current or futur tax , fee , levi , charg , assess and/or other imposit levi , charg , impos , assess or collect by ani government author have jurisdict . “ term ” shall have the mean given to such term in section 2.1 of thi agreement . “ third parti oper ” mean an oper of a pipelin or other facil upstream or downstream of the system , other than carrier or it affili . articl ii term 2.1 term . thi agreement shall commenc on the effect date and continu in full forc and effect until the end of the fifteenth ( 15th ) contract year , and shall continu in full forc and effect thereaft until termin by either parti by provid thirti ( 30 ) calendar day ’ prior written notic of termin to the other parti ( such fifteen ( 15 ) contract year period , as may be further extend as provid herein is refer to as the “ term ” ) . 2.2 commenc date . the “ commenc date ” under thi agreement shall be the first day of the month follow the date carrier notifi shipper that ( i ) carrier ha obtain all requir oper permit and/or approv of regulatori author necessari to oper the system , ( ii ) the system is oper to the extent necessari to commenc the sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 servic hereund , and ( iii ) the deliveri point list on schedul a is oper and all necessari interconnect agreement with interconnect pipelin necessari to deliv shipper product to such deliveri point are in effect to the extent necessari to commenc commerci servic with respect to the deliveri ( but , for the avoid of doubt , not the further downstream transport ) of shipper product . carrier will not be respons for delay to the commenc date due to the action or inact of shipper or third parti oper . articl iii [ reserv ] articl iv carrier right and oblig 4.1 provis of servic . subject to the term and condit of thi agreement , carrier shall , commenc on the commenc date and continu through the remaind of the term of thi agreement , provid servic for shipper product in accord with , and subject to , thi agreement , includ the tariff , which is incorpor herein by refer and constitut part of thi agreement , expressli includ provis in the tariff relat to the charg and rule and regul applic to shipper as a parti to thi agreement . thi section 4.1 shall not appli to carrier dure ani period when shipper is in breach of it oblig to carrier under thi agreement or the tariff . the servic do not includ ani termin , tankag or storag . articl v shipper right and oblig 5.1 tariff . shipper ’ s nomin and tender of product for shipment , and carrier ’ s schedul , accept , transport , measur and deliv of product , shall , at all time , be subject to , and implement in accord with the tariff . shipper shall compli with the tariff at all times. the tariff is subject to amend by carrier in accord with section 15.1 . 5.2 shipper relianc on carrier perform . all shipper product receiv at the receipt point for servic hereund is deem to be in complianc with all product specif set forth in the tariff or carrier shall waiv such specif to accept shipper product and all shipper product deliv to the deliveri point hereund shall be in complianc with all product specif set forth in the tariff . articl vi fee 6.1 transport rate . shipper shall pay rate for shipper product transport on the system in accord with the tariff , which shall , to the extent permit by applic law , provid for the follow : ( a ) for all shipper product transport on the system and deliv to a deliveri point each month , shipper shall pay carrier a transport fee for such month sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 equal to the applic dedic rate , which shall initi be the rate ( s ) set forth in schedul a attach hereto , and which shall be increas by carrier annual , effect juli 1 of each year follow the commenc date , as provid in the tariff ( “ shipper ’ s dedic rate ” ) . 6.2 regul chang . notwithstand anyth herein to the contrari , in the event that , after the effect date , ani government author promulg , issu or chang ani rule , regul or other mandat that impos ani materi fee , charg or cost upon carrier in connect with the perform of the servic perform hereund , exclud normal fee , charg or cost that are incur by carrier irrespect of whether carrier provid the servic on behalf of shipper and exclud tax address in articl xvii , then carrier may increas the then-effect shipper ’ s dedic rate by up to ten percent ( 10 ) to account for such fee , charg or cost ( to the extent such fee , charg or cost are attribut to shipper product ) ; provid , howev , the cumul effect of all such increas pursuant to thi section 6.2 may not exceed thirti percent ( 30 ) of the initi shipper ’ s dedic rate ( as the same may be adjust pursuant to the tariff from time to time ) . if , in carrier ’ s reason judgment , an increas in shipper ’ s dedic rate of more than ten percent ( 10 ) would be requir to place carrier in substanti the same econom posit as it wa in prior to the imposit or assess of such fee , charg or cost , carrier may call for a meet among the parti ’ senior manag to take place within thirti ( 30 ) day of written notic to shipper , and the parti shall negoti in good faith to amend the provis of thi agreement such that the parti are in substanti the same rel econom posit as they were in prior to the imposit or assess of such fee , charg or cost . if the parti are unabl to agre on an econom adjust within sixti ( 60 ) day of the senior manag meet , then carrier may , in it sole discret , termin thi agreement without penalti by deliv shipper written notic of carrier ’ s intent to terminate. such termin shall be effect , at the option of shipper , ( i ) as of 9:00 a.m . on the first day of the month which follow the month that carrier deliv it notic of intent to termin , or ( ii ) as of 9:00 a.m. on the first day of the month which is twelv ( 12 ) month after such date , provid that shipper ’ s dedic rate for such twelv ( 12 ) month period befor such termin shall be increas to place carrier in substanti the same econom posit as it wa in prior to the imposit or assess of such fee , charg , or cost . shipper shall exercis such option by deliveri of written notic to carrier of shipper ’ s elect within ten ( 10 ) busi day of receipt of carrier ’ s notic to termin , provid that if shipper ha not respond to carrier by the time describ in claus ( i ) abov , the agreement shall continu pursuant to claus ( ii ) abov . shipper shall be entitl to audit carrier ’ s applic book and record for the limit purpos of determin if the amount of ani increas pursuant to thi section 6.2 is justifi by the actually-incur and reason amount of the aggreg cost and/or expens relat to the system; provid , howev , such audit shall not requir carrier to disclos confidenti inform of ani person other than shipper who is a shipper on the system . if such audit shall reflect that such increas wa not justifi in accord with the forego , carrier shall promptli credit the amount of such discrep to shipper , unless carrier disagre with the result of such audit , in which case the matter shall be resolv pursuant to the disput resolut provis set forth in articl xii hereof . 6.3 government modif . notwithstand anyth herein to the contrari , the parti acknowledg that the tariff rate payabl for all servic are subject to the approv of and modif by the ferc or ani other government author have jurisdict . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 articl vii dedic & facil 7.1 dedic . dure the term , subject to the term of the ami/mea agreement , shipper dedic and commit to thi agreement , and shall deliv or caus to be deliv to the system for transport hereund , all shipper product ( the “ dedic ” ) ; provid , howev , if carrier is unabl to provid servic with respect to all or ani volum of shipper product , then such volum will be temporarili releas from the dedic until carrier provid shipper written notic that carrier will be abl to resum receiv such volum hereund . notwithstand anyth in thi agreement to the contrari , it is acknowledg and agre that there is no minimum amount of shipper ’ s product that must be deliv to the system hereunder; accordingli , shipper shall not have ani liabil ( financi or otherwis ) for failur to deliv ani particular quantiti of product to carrier; provid , howev , the forego sentenc shall not reduc or elimin shipper ’ s oblig to pay the fee provid herein to the extent servic are provid hereund . 7.2 commenc date facil . carrier shall design , engin , modifi , construct and equip , or caus to be design , engin , modifi , construct and equip , carrier ’ s system , includ , without limit , the facil and equip describ on exhibit b attach hereto ( the facil and equip describ on exhibit b be collect refer to as the “ commenc date facil ” ) . 7.3 post-commenc date facil . ( a ) after the commenc date , in connect with the construct of the mount oliv plant , carrier will construct 13 mile of 8 ” pipelin between the mount oliv plant and the lincoln parish plant , and a receipt point at the mount oliv plant . ( b ) if after the commenc date , shipper requir an addit , modif , alter , replac , or expans of the system , other than as note in section 7.3 ( a ) abov ( a “ new facil ” ) , shipper will provid carrier a written notif of such request new facil contain suffici inform for carrier to estim the cost to provid such new facil . although carrier shall have no oblig to provid a request new facil , carrier may , in it sole discret , agre to construct or acquir such new facil . the commerci term applic the construct or acquisit of ani new facil will be determin in accord with the ami/mea agreement . the parti agre to make ani revis to thi agreement ( includ the exhibit hereto ) that are necessari to reflect ani new facil . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 articl viii default and remedi 8.1 shipper default . subject to section 11.1 hereof , the follow event shall be a “ shipper default ” : ( a ) the occurr and continu of a materi breach by shipper of ani of it oblig under thi agreement or the tariff , unless such materi breach occur as a result of a breach or default by carrier of it oblig under thi agreement or the tariff; or ( b ) the occurr and continu of a breach under articl xiii , financi assur . 8.2 remedi on shipper default . ( a ) upon becom awar of the occurr of a shipper default with respect to shipper ’ s oblig under thi agreement or the tariff , carrier may provid written notic to shipper describ the shipper default in reason detail and requir shipper to cure the shipper default ( the “ shipper default notic ” ) . if ( i ) a shipper default as describ in section 8.1 ( a ) ha not been cure within ten ( 10 ) busi day follow receipt by shipper of a shipper default notic , or ( ii ) the shipper default compris a default describ in section 8.1 ( b ) , then , in ani such case , and in addit to carrier ’ s right to enforc the financi assur and carrier ’ s other right and remedi provid for in thi agreement , in the tariff or under applic law , carrier shall not be oblig to transport shipper product and may suspend the provis of other servic to shipper . ( b ) if the shipper default continu for a period of nineti ( 90 ) or more day , or , if such failur is not reason capabl of be cure within a nineti ( 90 ) day period , but shipper expediti commenc to cure the same follow it receipt of a shipper default notic and dilig proce with such cure , within such longer period of time as shall be reason necessari to cure such failur , carrier shall be entitl , by notic in write to shipper , to : ( 1 ) termin thi agreement , ani such termin to be effect upon receipt of the applic notic by shipper , in which event shipper shall be liabl to carrier for ( i ) all of it accru oblig up to and includ the effect date of termin , and ( ii ) ani and all other loss and damag sustain by carrier as a result of or aris out of such termination; and/or ( 2 ) draw on ani guaranti , letter of credit or other financi assur provid by shipper pursuant to articl xiii , financi assur . if carrier termin thi agreement pursuant to section 8.2 ( b ) hereof , carrier shall be entitl to appli the proce of such financi assur to shipper ’ s oblig and carrier ’ s loss and damag referenc in thi section 8.2 ( b ) . in all other circumst in which carrier call on ani financi assur provid by shipper pursuant to sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 articl xiii , financi assur , follow a shipper default , carrier shall be entitl to appli the proce to cure such shipper default , and to hold the remain proce as addit secur for the payment and perform of shipper ’ s oblig under thi agreement and the tariff . the right and remedi under thi section 8.2 ( b ) shall be in addit to all of carrier ’ s other right and remedi under thi agreement or the tariff or which carrier may otherwis have at law , in equiti or by statut or regul , and the exercis of one or more right or remedi shall not prejudic or impair the concurr or subsequ exercis by carrier of other right or remedi . 8.3 carrier default . subject to section 11.1 hereof , the follow event shall be a “ carrier default ” : the occurr and continu of a materi breach or default by carrier of ani of it oblig under thi agreement or the tariff , unless such materi breach or default occur as a result of a breach or default by shipper of it oblig under thi agreement or the tariff . 8.4 remedi on carrier default . upon becom awar of the occurr of a carrier default , shipper may provid written notic to carrier , describ the carrier default in reason detail and requir carrier to cure the carrier default ( the “ carrier default notic ” ) . if ( a ) a carrier default compris carrier ’ s failur to make ani payment due hereund ha not been cure within ten ( 10 ) busi day follow receipt by carrier of a carrier default notic , or ( b ) a carrier default compris carrier ’ s failur to compli with ani oblig under thi agreement or the tariff , other than a payment oblig , ha not been cure within nineti ( 90 ) day after receipt by carrier of a carrier default notic , or , if such failur is not reason capabl of be cure within a nineti ( 90 ) day period , but carrier expediti commenc to cure the same follow it receipt of a carrier default notic and dilig proce with such cure , within such longer period of time as shall be reason necessari to cure such failur , then in ani such case , shipper may , by written notic to carrier , inform carrier of it intent to termin thi agreement if such carrier default is not cure within a further nineti ( 90 ) day period , and if ani such carrier default ha not been cure within such further period of nineti ( 90 ) day , shipper may , by written notic to carrier , termin thi agreement , ani such termin to be effect upon receipt of such termin notic by carrier . the right and remedi under thi section 8.4 shall be in addit to all of shipper ’ s other right and remedi under thi agreement or the tariff or which shipper may otherwis have at law , in equiti or by statut or regul , and the exercis of one or more right or remedi shall not prejudic or impair the concurr or subsequ exercis by shipper of other right or remedi . articl ix warranti of titl and product interest 9.1 titl warranti . shipper warrant to carrier that at the time shipper product is deliv to a receipt point hereund , shipper will have good titl or the right to deliv such shipper product , and that such shipper product shall be free and clear of all lien and advers sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 claim , other than statutori lien and lien , encumbr or claim under credit facil or other credit arrang in respect of borrow money . shipper agre , with respect to the shipper product deliv by to carrier hereund , to indemnifi carrier against all suit , action , debt , account , damag , cost ( includ attorney ’ s fee ) , loss and expens aris from or out of ani advers claim of ani and all person to or against said shipper product other than ani lien , claim or encumbr alleg to have arisen by , through or under carrier or it affili . 9.2 proce of product . shipper agre to make payment of all royalti , overrid royalti , product payment , and all other payment for interest attribut to shipper product deliv hereund due to ani person under ani leas or other document in accord with the term thereof . 9.3 indemnif . shipper agre to indemnifi and hold carrier harmless from ani and all claim and loss incur in connect with , or in ani manner whatsoev relat to payment of tax , royalti , overrid royalti , product payment , and all other payment for interest attribut to shipper product transport hereund . articl x waiver of certain damag notwithstand anyth to the contrari in thi agreement , in no event shall either parti be liabl to the other parti or it affili , ani successor in interest or ani beneficiari or assigne of thi agreement for ani consequenti , multipl , incident , indirect , special , exemplari or punit damag , or loss of profit or revenu aris out of or relat to thi agreement or ani breach hereof; provid , howev , the forego shall not be constru as limit an oblig of a parti hereund to indemnifi , defend and hold harmless the other parti against claim assert by unaffili third parti , includ , but not limit to , third parti claim for special , indirect , consequenti , punit or exemplari damag . thi articl x shall appli notwithstand the sole , joint or concurr neglig , fault or respons of the parti whose liabil is waiv by thi provis , or ani other event or condit , whether anticip or unanticip , and regardless of whether pre-exist prior to the date of thi agreement . articl xi forc majeur 11.1 suspens of oblig . in the event carrier or shipper is render unabl , wholli or in part , by reason of forc majeur to carri out it oblig under thi agreement ( other than the oblig to make payment of amount due hereund , includ without sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 limit , payment of fee due hereund ) , it is agre that such parti shall give notic and reason full particular of such forc majeur , in write , or other electron mean to the other parti within a reason time after the occurr of the caus reli on , and the oblig of the parti give such notic , so far as they are affect by such forc majeur , shall be suspend dure the continu of ani inabl so caus , but for no longer period , and such caus shall , so far as possibl , be remedi with all reason dispatch . it is understood and agre that the settlement of strike or lockout shall be entir within the discret of the parti have the difficulti , and that the abov requir that ani forc majeur shall be remedi with all reason dispatch shall not requir the settlement of strike or lockout by acced to the demand of the oppos parti when such cours is inadvis in the discret of the parti have the difficulti . 11.2 definit of forc majeur . the term “ forc majeur ” as use herein shall mean act of god; strike , lockout , or other industri disturbances; condit aris from a chang in government law , order , rule , or regulations; act of public enemy; wars; blockades; insurrections; riots; epidemics; landslides; lightning; earthquakes; fires; storms; floods; washouts; arrest and restraint of govern and people; civil disturbances; explosions; breakag or accid to machineri or line of pipe; the necess for make repair , test , alter , or perform mainten to machineri or line of pipe; schedul maintenance; freez of well or line of pipe; partial or entir failur of well , process , or gasif and ga manufactur facilities; order or direct of , or proceed initi by , ani government authority; and ani other caus , whether of the kind herein enumer or otherwis , not within the control of the parti claim relief hereund , and which by the exercis of due dilig , such parti is unabl to prevent or overcom . such term shall likewis includ those instanc ( a ) where either carrier or shipper is requir to obtain servitud , rights-of-way , grant , permit or licens to enabl such parti to fulfil it oblig under thi agreement and is unabl to acquir or experi delay in acquir such servitud , rights-of-way , grant , permit or licens , at reason cost , and after the exercis of reason dilig , and ( b ) the partial or entir failur or refus of third parti oper to receiv or deliv ga , or increas in pressur of upstream or downstream pipelin . forc majeur shall not includ failur of product suppli due to price consider . 11.3 termin base on carrier forc majeur . if as a result of an event of carrier forc majeur , carrier provid no servic to shipper for a period of at least twelv ( 12 ) consecut month , either parti shall be entitl to termin thi agreement by written notic to the other parti given at ani time after the expir of such twelv ( 12 ) month period , but prior to the cessat of the applic event of carrier forc majeur . shipper ’ s termin right under thi section 11.3 shall be subject to it complianc with section 14.2 in connect with ani certif , approv , author and permit requir by carrier as a result of the event of carrier forc majeur . articl xii disput resolut 12.1 resolut of disput . ani disput shall be resolv pursuant to the provis of thi articl xii , which shall be the sole and exclus procedur for the resolut of ani sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 such disput . ani parti that fail to first attempt to resolv ani disput use direct negoti shall pay all legal and consult fee and cost incur by the other parti in ani suit , action , or proceed to enforc the term of thi articl xii . while the procedur in thi articl xii are pend , each parti shall continu to perform it exist oblig under the agreement to the extent those oblig are not the subject of the disput . 12.2 disput notic . prior to submit ani disput for resolut by a court , a parti shall provid written notic ( a “ disput notic ” ) to the other of the occurr of such disput . the disput notic shall contain ( i ) a concis statement describ the disput , includ a descript of it natur , circumst and caus , ( ii ) an explan of the basi and justif for the disput , includ refer to ani pertin provis ( s ) of the agreement , ( iii ) if applic , the estim dollar amount of the disput and how that estim wa determin , ( iv ) the claim parti ’ s desir resolut , and ( v ) ani other inform the claim parti deem relev . 12.3 direct negoti . commenc within thirti ( 30 ) day after the disput notic is receiv and conclud fifteen ( 15 ) busi day thereaft , the author repres of the parti with decision-mak author shall meet in person in houston , texa ( or in a place mutual agre upon by the parti to the disput ) and confer , in good faith , to seek to resolv the disput rais in the disput notic . if the parti are unabl to resolv the disput for ani reason within such fifteen ( 15 ) busi day period , then either parti shall be entitl to pursu ani remedi avail at law or in equity; provid , howev , thi section 12.3 shall not limit a parti ’ s right to initi litig prior to the expir of the time period set forth in thi section 12.3 if applic of such limit would prevent a parti from file a lawsuit or claim within the applic period for file lawsuit ( e.g. statut of limit , prescript , etc. ) . 12.4 jurisdict and venu . the parti herebi irrevoc consent to the exclus jurisdict of the state or feder court locat in harri counti , texa . the parti herebi irrevoc and uncondit waiv , to the fullest extent they may legal and effect do so , ani object which they may now or hereaft have to the lay of venu of ani suit , action or proceed aris out of or relat to thi agreement or the transact contempl herebi in ani feder or state court locat in harrison counti , texa . 12.5 cost and expens . the prevail parti in ani litig pertain to ani disput hereund shall be entitl to recov it reason cost , expens and attorney ’ s fee in connect with such litig . 12.6 waiver of juri trial. the parti herebi waiv all right to a trial by juri for ani and all disput . 12.7 confidenti of disput resolut . ( a ) the parti agre that ani disput and ani negoti among the parti in relat to ani disput shall be subject to the confidenti provis of thi agreement . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ( b ) the parti further agre that ani inform , document or materi produc for the purpos of , or use in , negoti of ani disput shall be subject to the confidenti provis of thi section 12.7. the parti further agre that upon the request of the provid parti , ani inform , document or materi produc by such parti for the purpos of negoti of ani disput shall be destroy or return to the provid parti within thirti ( 30 ) day of the resolut of such disput or the issuanc of a final decis with respect to such dispute; provid , howev , ani confidenti inform ( i ) found in draft , note , studi and other document prepar by or for the receiv parti or it repres , or ( ii ) found in electron format as part of receiv parti ’ s off-sit or on-sit data storage/archiv process system , will be held by the receiv parti or destroy at the receiv parti ’ s option . ( c ) without limit the forego , the parti agre that disclosur of confidenti inform may be made to third parti : ( 1 ) in order to enforc ani of the provis of thi agreement or the tariff , includ without limit , ani court judgment . ( 2 ) who consist of a parti ’ s auditor , legal advis , insur or affili . ( 3 ) if the parti make such disclosur is under a legal or regulatori oblig to make such disclosur , but limit to the extent of such legal oblig . ( 4 ) with the prior written consent of the other parti not make the disclosur . ( d ) the parti agre to submit to the jurisdict of a court of compet jurisdict locat in harri counti , texa for the purpos of ani proceed to enforc thi section 12.7 and , except as permit under thi section 12.7 ( c ) , the receiv parti shall prevent ani inform , document or materi belong to a disclos parti from be disclos to third parti . articl xiii financi assur 13.1 financi assur . if shipper ha fail to pay ani amount when due under thi agreement and if such non-pay is not be disput in good faith by shipper , carrier shall have the right to request and receiv from shipper adequ assur of perform ( “ financi assur ” ) which shall mean credit support in a form reason accept to carrier and in an amount and for the term reason accept to carrier . ani of the follow shall be an accept form of credit support : ( a ) an irrevoc standbi letter of credit from a bank satisfactori to carrier; sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ( b ) provid a prepay or a deposit in advanc of the month in which servic hereund are to be provided; or ( c ) a perform bond issu by a person satisfactori to carrier . if the credit of shipper ’ s guarantor is satisfactori in carrier ’ s opinion , a demand for financi assur can be satisfi with a guarante issu on behalf of shipper in a form accept to carrier , but onli for as long as the credit of shipper ’ s guarantor continu to be accept to carrier. carrier acknowledg and agre that memori resourc develop corp. is a satisfactori guarantor . should shipper or it guarantor fail to provid financi assur within ten ( 10 ) busi day after receipt of written demand for such assur , then carrier shall have the right to suspend perform under thi agreement until such time as shipper furnish financi assur . for the avoid of doubt , such suspens of perform by carrier shall not reliev shipper of it oblig to make payment of amount due hereund , includ , without limit , payment of fee due hereund . if dure the term , carrier ha fail to pay ani amount when due under thi agreement and if such non-pay is not be disput in good faith by carrier , shipper shall have the right to request and receiv from carrier adequ financi assur under similar term and condit as describ abov , includ the right to suspend perform under thi agreement until such time as carrier furnish financi assur . articl xiv duti to support 14.1 arm ’ s length negoti . each of the parti acknowledg and agre that thi agreement is the result of good faith , arm ’ s length negoti which have result in an agreement that is fair and equit to carrier and shipper . 14.2 shipper support . shipper herebi agre , upon written request by carrier provid at least ten ( 10 ) day prior to the deadlin for such action : ( a ) to not object to carrier ’ s applic for necessari certif , approv , author and permit of the ferc and louisiana regul bodi , if ani , in relat to the system; ( b ) to not object to the tariff rate calcul in accord with the term of thi agreement , and not take ani action directli or indirectli that could be interpret as evid of shipper ’ s lack of support for such tariff rates; and ( c ) to not object to the pro forma tariff materi in the form attach as exhibit a , in ani and all regulatori proceed relat thereto and not take ani action or inact that could be interpret as evid of shipper ’ s lack of support therefor; provid that noth in the forego shall oblig shipper to support futur chang to the tariff rate that are inconsist with thi agreement , or prevent shipper from oppos ani posit taken by carrier befor ferc and/or louisiana regul bodi that is inconsist with thi agreement . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 14.3 no tariff rate revis proceed . each of the parti further acknowledg that the set of tariff rate for the system is subject to the approv of , and potenti modif by , the ferc , from time to time , and each of the parti herebi agre not to , directli or indirectli , commenc or support ani applic , motion or other proceed ( a “ tariff rate revis proceed ” ) befor the ferc for the purpos of request the ferc to set tariff rate applic to the system which are inconsist with thi agreement . 14.4 third parti proceed . in the event of ani tariff rate revis proceed be commenc by a third parti or by the ferc itself , and in the event of ani other proceed pursuant to which the tariff rate for the system may be review by the ferc or other government author have jurisdict , shipper agre to not object to the set of tariff rate applic to the system that are consist with thi agreement . in the event of ani other proceed challeng ani of the term of thi agreement be commenc by a third parti or by the ferc itself , shipper agre to provid all reason support and cooper in defend such term or otherwis resolv the complaint or other challeng as shall be reason request by carrier . articl xv common carrier and complianc with applic law 15.1 common carrier pipelin . the system will be oper as a common carrier pipelin , and shipper ’ s right hereund shall be subject to all law relat to and govern the oper of common carrier pipelin , includ , without limit , law and regul that prevent discrimin in favor of ani given shipper or the provis of servic for consider other than the rate set forth in a publish tariff . the tariff shall appli to the servic provid hereund , and if there is a conflict between a provis of thi agreement and the tariff , the tariff shall appli . carrier reserv the right to modifi or amend the tariff , in it sole discret , as it deem necessary; provid , howev , ani such modif or amend shall be consist with thi agreement . 15.2 complianc with law . both parti shall , in carri out the term and provis of thi agreement , abid by all present and futur law of ani government author . articl xvi assign 16.1 restrict on assign . thi agreement may not be assign , dispos of , alien or otherwis transfer by either parti , in whole or in part , without the prior written consent of the other parti , which consent shall not be unreason withheld , condit or delay , except as provid below . 16.2 permit assign . notwithstand the forego , ( i ) either parti may assign thi agreement to an affili of such parti without the consent of the other parti , ( ii ) either parti may pledg thi agreement to secur ani credit facil or indebted of such sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 parti or it affili without the consent of the other parti , ( iii ) carrier may assign thi agreement without shipper ’ s consent in connect with the sale or transfer of the system , and ( iv ) shipper may assign or partial assign thi agreement without carrier ’ s consent in connect with the sale or transfer of all or part of shipper ’ s ownership interest in the well ( or in the land upon which such well are locat ) produc ga from which the product deliv hereund is extract , provid that such assigne ha a credit rate reason accept to carrier at the time of such sale or transfer . in the case of transfer under claus ( iv ) abov , the transferor shall be releas from it oblig and liabil under thi agreement to the extent of the oblig assum by the transfere , provid that shipper ’ s and such transfere ’ s combin oblig to carrier shall be no greater than shipper ’ s oblig to carrier prior to such transfer . 16.3 collater assign . either parti may grant a lien or secur interest in thi agreement to ani person as secur in connect with arrang financ for such parti or ani affili of such parti ( and each parti agre to execut all consent , estoppel , waiver and other document and instrument reason request by ani such person ) . articl xvii tax shipper shall pay , or caus to be paid , all product , sever , gross receipt , ad valorem , and similar tax , and all surcharg , levi or impos on it by ani government author with respect to shipper product . in the event carrier is requir to pay or remit ani such tax or surcharg owe by shipper , shipper shall reimburs carrier for such tax or surcharg pursuant to carrier ’ s invoic for the same . shipper herebi agre to indemnifi , defend and hold harmless carrier from and against ani and all claim and loss aris out of or relat to such tax or surcharges. thi indemn and defens oblig shall surviv the expir or termin of thi agreement . carrier shall be respons for all tax or surcharg levi or impos on it by ani government author with respect to the system and carrier ’ s other facil , includ without limit , carrier ’ s ga process plant . articl xviii notic and statement 18.1 notic . ani notic , statement , payment , claim or other commun requir or permit hereund shall be in write and shall be sent by : ( i ) facsimil transmission; ( ii ) deliv by hand; ( iii ) sent by unit state mail with all postag fulli prepaid; or ( iv ) by courier with charg paid in accord with the customari arrang establish by such courier , in each of the forego case address to the parti at the follow address : carrier notic and correspond : penntex north louisiana oper , llc attn : gener counsel 11931 wickchest , suit 300 houston , texa 77043 fax : ( 832 ) 456-4050 sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 account matter : penntex north louisiana oper , llc attn : vice presid , account 11931 wickchest , suit 300 houston , texa 77043 fax : ( 832 ) 456-4050 shipper notic and correspond : mrd oper llc c/o memori resourc develop corp. 500 dalla street , suit 1800 houston , tx 77002 attn : gener counsel e-mail : kroanememorialrd.com with a copi to : attn : director , market & midstream e-mail : jeremy.bolandermemorialrd.com such notic , statement , payment , claim or other commun shall be deem receiv as follow : ( i ) if deliv person , upon delivery; ( ii ) if sent by unit state mail , whether by express mail , regist mail , certifi mail or regular mail , the day receipt is refus or is confirm oral or in write by the receiv party; ( iii ) if sent by a courier servic , upon delivery; or ( iv ) if sent by facsimil , upon complet of the transmiss thereof , except that if such transmiss is on ani day other than a busi day , or on or after 4:00 p.m. , central clock time , such notic shall be deem to be receiv on the next busi day . 18.2 chang of address . notic of chang of address of either of the parti shall be given in write to the other parti in the manner aforesaid and shall be observ in the give of all futur notic , statement , payment , claim or other commun requir or permit to be given hereund . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 articl xix miscellan 19.1 entir agreement; amend . thi agreement and the exhibit and schedul hereto constitut the entir agreement and understand between the parti with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof , supersed all prior agreement and understand with respect thereto , and may be amend , restat or supplement onli by written agreement of the parti . notwithstand the forego , the tariff is subject to amend by carrier from time to time subject to applic law and section 15.1 hereof . 19.2 govern law . thi agreement shall be govern and constru in accord with the law of the state of texa without give effect to the conflict of law rule thereof . 19.3 no draft presumpt . no presumpt will oper in favor of or against ani parti as a result of ani respons that ani parti may have had for draft thi agreement . shipper and carrier acknowledg and mutual agre that thi agreement and all content herein were jointli prepar by the parti . 19.4 waiver . no waiver of ani term , provis or condit of thi agreement shall be effect unless in write sign by the parti , and no such waiver shall be deem to be or constru as a further or continu waiver of ani such term , provis or condit or as a waiver of ani other term , provis or condit of the agreement , unless specif so state in such written waiver . 19.5 no third parti beneficiari . except for person indemnifi hereund , thi agreement is not for the benefit of ani third parti and noth herein , express or impli , confer ani right or remedi upon ani person not a parti hereto . 19.6 no partnership . it is not the intent of the parti to creat , nor is there creat herebi , a partnership , trust , joint ventur or association. the statu of each parti hereund is sole that of an independ contractor . 19.7 surviv . notwithstand the termin of thi agreement for ani reason , ( a ) articl vi , articl viii , articl ix , articl x , articl xii , articl xiv , articl xvii , articl xviii and articl xix shall surviv the termin of thi agreement , and ( b ) each parti to thi agreement will be liabl for all of it accru oblig hereund up to and includ the date on which the termin becom effect . 19.8 head . the head and caption in thi agreement have been insert for conveni of refer onli and shall not defin or limit ani of the term and provis hereof . 19.9 rule of construct . in constru thi agreement , the follow principl shall be follow : ( a ) exampl shall not be constru to limit , expressli or by implic , the matter they illustrate; sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ( b ) the word “ includ ” and it syntact variant mean “ includ , but is not limit to ” and correspond syntact variant expressions; ( c ) the plural shall be deem to includ the singular and vice versa , as applicable; ( d ) all refer in thi agreement to an “ articl , ” “ section , ” “ subsect , ” or “ exhibit ” shall be to an articl , section , subsect , or exhibit of thi agreement , unless the context requir otherwise; ( e ) unless the context otherwis requir , the word “ thi agreement , ” “ hereof , ” “ hereund , ” “ herein , ” “ herebi , ” or word of similar import shall refer to thi agreement as a whole and not to a particular articl , section , subsect , claus or other subdivis hereof; and ( f ) each exhibit and schedul to thi agreement is attach hereto and incorpor herein as a part of thi agreement , but if there is ani conflict or inconsist between the main bodi of thi agreement and ani exhibit or schedul , the provis of the main bodi of thi agreement shall prevail , except as to ani conflict with the tariff . 19.10 sever . if ani provis of thi agreement shall be held to be invalid , illeg or unenforc , ( i ) the valid , legal and/or enforc of the remain provis shall not , in ani way , be affect or impair therebi and ( ii ) in lieu of such invalid , illeg or unenforc provis , there shall be automat ad to thi agreement a provis as similar to such invalid , illeg or unenforc provis as may be possibl and be legal , valid and enforc . 19.11 further assur . each parti shall take such act and execut and deliv such document as may be reason requir to effectu the purpos of thi agreement . 19.12 no induc . no director , employe , or agent of ani parti shall give or receiv ani commiss , fee , rebat , gift , or entertain of signific cost or valu in connect with thi agreement . 19.13 counterpart execut . thi agreement may be execut in ani number of counterpart , each of which shall be consid an origin , and all of which shall be consid one and the same instrument. neither parti shall be bound until both parti have execut a counterpart . facsimil or other electron copi of signatur shall constitut origin signatur for all purpos of thi agreement and ani enforc hereof . 19.14 confidenti . ( a ) each parti agre that it shall maintain all term and condit of thi agreement in confid , and that it shall not caus or permit disclosur thereof without the express written sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 consent of the other parti . the standard of care to be employ by each parti with respect to the other parti ’ s confidenti inform shall be the standard of care employ by a reason person in protect confidenti inform . ( b ) permit disclosur . notwithstand section 19.14 ( a ) of thi agreement , disclosur of ani term and provis of thi agreement otherwis prohibit may be made by a parti ( i ) to the extent necessari for such parti to enforc it right hereund against the other party; ( ii ) to the extent to which a parti is requir to disclos all or part of thi agreement by a statut or by the order or rule of a court , agenc , or other government bodi exercis jurisdict over the subject matter hereof , by order , by regul , or by other compulsori process ( includ , but not limit to , deposit , subpoena , interrogatori , or request for product of document ) ; ( iii ) to the extent requir by the applic regul of a secur or commod exchange; ( iv ) to a third person in connect with a propos sale or other transfer of a parti ’ s interest in thi agreement , provid such third person agre in write to be bound by confidenti term no less restrict than those set forth in thi section 19.14; ( v ) to it own director , offic , employe , agent and representatives; ( vi ) to an affiliate; ( vii ) to a co-work interest owner or royalti owner of shipper product deliv hereund , provid such co-work interest owner or royalti owner agre in write to be bound by the term of thi section 19.14; ( viii ) to the extent ani such term or provis becom public inform through no fault of ani party; or ( ix ) to a bank or other financi institut , and their agent and repres , in connect with a parti arrang for fund . ( c ) notif . if a parti is or becom awar of a fact , oblig , or circumst that ha result or may result in a disclosur of ani of the term and condit of thi agreement author by section 19.14 ( b ) ( ii ) , ( iii ) or ( iv ) abov , it shall so notifi in write the other parti promptli and shall provid document or an explan of such disclosur as soon as it is avail . ( d ) parti respons . each parti shall be deem sole respons and liabl for the action of it director , offic , employe , agent , repres and affili for maintain the confidenti commit of thi section 19.14 . ( e ) public announc . the parti agre that prior to make ani public announc or statement with respect to thi agreement or the transact repres herein , the parti desir to make such public announc or statement shall provid the other parti with a copi of the propos announc or statement prior to the intend releas date of such announc . the other parti shall thereaft consult with the parti desir to make the releas , and the parti shall exercis their reason best effort to ( i ) agre upon the text of a joint public announc or statement to be made by both such parti or ( ii ) in the case of a statement to be made sole by one parti , obtain approv of the other parti to the text of a public announc or statement . noth contain in thi section 19.14 shall be constru to requir ani parti to obtain approv of ani other parti to disclos inform with respect to thi agreement or the transact repres herein to ani government author to the extent requir by applic law or necessari to compli with disclosur requir of the secur and exchang commiss , new york stock exchang , nasdaq stock market , or ani other regul stock exchang . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 [ signatur page follow ] sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 in wit whereof , the parti have execut thi agreement to be effect as of the effect date . carrier : penntex north louisiana oper , llc by : /s/ robert o. bond name : robert o. bond titl : chief oper offic shipper : mrd oper llc by : memori resourc develop corp. , it sole member by : /s/ kyle roan name : kyle n. roan titl : senior vice presid signatur page to the transport servic agreement ( mrd oper llc ) sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 exhibit a tariff ( see attach ) sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 [ penntex north louisiana oper , llc ] local tariff contain rate , rule , and regul govern the transport of natur ga liquid by pipelin the provis publish herein will , if effect , not result in an effect on the qualiti of human environ . file in complianc with 18 c.f.r. § 342.2 ( a ) ( establish initi rate ) . request for special permiss issu on [ ( ) ] day ’ s notic under author of 18 c.f.r. § 341.14. thi tariff public is subject to refund pend a 30-day review period . ] issu date : [ ] , 2015 effect date : [ ] , 2015 issu and compil by : [ contact name ] [ penntex north louisiana llc ] 11931 wickchest lane , suit 300 houston , tx 77043 [ phone ] [ facsimil ] sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 tabl of content section i tabl of rate section ii rule and regul 1. definit 2. commod 3. product specif 4. ident of product 5. nomin and schedul 6. nomin in excess of capac 7. minimum tender 8. measur and evid of receipt and deliveri 9. origin facil 10. storag of product in transit 11. destin facil 12. notic of arriv , deliveri at destin 13. titl 14. rate applic 15. rate applic from intermedi point 16. payment of transport charg 17. liabil of carrier 18. claim , suit , and time for file 19. connect polici 20. common stream – connect carrier 21. dedic rate 22. incent rate sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 section i tabl of rate uncommit rate from [ note 1 ] to [ note 2 ] uncommit rate in dollar per barrel of 42 u.s. gallon lincoln parish , louisiana interconnect near ada , bienvil parish , louisiana 1.85 dedic rate [ note 3 ] from [ note 1 ] to [ note 2 ] dedic rate in dollar per barrel of 42 u.s. gallon lincoln parish , louisiana interconnect near ada , bienvil parish , louisiana 1.68 incent rate [ note 4 ] from [ note 1 ] to [ note 2 ] monthli volum in barrel per day incent rate in dollar per barrel of 42 u.s. gallon lincoln parish , louisiana interconnect near ada , bienvil parish , louisiana 0 – 2,500 2,501 or greater 1.68 1.47 note 1 : the receipt point are the penntex process plant in lincoln parish , louisiana . note 2 : the deliveri point is the interconnect with black lake pipelin compani near ada , bienvil parish , louisiana . note 3 : dedic rate are applic to a dedic shipper as provid for in item 21 of thi tariff . note 4 : incent rate are applic to an incent shipper as provid for in item 22 of thi tariff . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 section ii rule and regul 1. definit : “ barrel ” mean a barrel of forty-two ( 42 ) gallon , unit state measur at sixti ( 60 ) degre fahrenheit and zero ( 0 ) pound per squar inch gaug pressur . “ busi day ” mean monday through friday of each week , exclud bank holiday . “ carrier ” mean [ penntex north louisiana oper , llc ] , a delawar limit liabil compani . “ commit volum ” mean the volum of product that an incent shipper ha commit to be transport on the system , or make a defici payment in connect therewith , for a number of year as mutual agre upon in the incent shipper ’ s tsa . “ common stream ( s ) ” mean product move through the system that is commingl or intermix with other product in the system . “ consigne ” mean the parti to whom a shipper ha order the deliveri of product . “ dedic product ” mean product that a dedic shipper ha dedic to be transport on the system but as to which shipper ha no oblig to make a defici payment , as mutual agre upon in the dedic shipper ’ s tsa . “ dedic rate ” mean the rate set out in section i of thi tariff paid by a dedic shipper pursuant to a tsa that ha dedic product . “ dedic shipper ” ha the mean set out in item no. 21 of thi tariff . “ deliveri point ” mean point on the system where product is deliv to shipper or it consigne , as such point are specifi by carrier from time to time in thi tariff . “ incent rate ” mean the rate set out in section i of thi tariff paid by an incent shipper pursuant to a tsa that ha a commit volum . “ incent shipper ” ha the mean set out in item no. 21 of thi tariff . “ nomin ” or “ nomin ” mean a written offer ( in form and context specifi by carrier ) made by a shipper or it designe to carrier of a state quantiti of product for transport from a specifi receipt point to a specifi deliveri point in accord with thi tariff . “ product ( s ) ” mean a demethan mixtur of natur ga liquid compris primarili of ethan , propan , iso-butan , normal butan , iso- pentan , normal pentan , hexan and heavier hydrocarbon , incident volum of methan , as well as other non-hydrocarbon compound . “ receipt point ” mean point where product is receiv into the system , as such point are specifi by carrier from time to time in thi tariff . “ shipper ” mean the parti that contract with carrier for transport of product on the system in accord with thi tariff . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 “ system ” mean carrier ’ s pipelin system and all relat facil necessari for carrier to provid transport servic from the receipt point to the deliveri point . “ tariff ” mean carrier ’ s f.e.r.c. tariff no. 1.0.0 or subsequ reissu thereof . “ tender ” or “ tender ” mean an offer of deliveri by a shipper to carrier of a state quantiti of product for transport from a specifi receipt point to a specifi deliveri point in accord with thi tariff . “ tsa ” mean a transport servic agreement execut by carrier and a shipper for transport on the system . “ uncommit rate ” mean the rate set out in section i of thi tariff paid by a shipper that is not an incent shipper or a dedic shipper . 2. commod : carrier is engag in the transport of product as defin herein and therefor will not accept ani other commod for transport under thi tariff . 3. product specif : subject to ani provis to the contrari in a tsa between carrier and shipper : a. shipper shall not tender product for transport on the system unless the product will be readili suscept to transport through the system , such product will not advers damag the common stream or the system , and such product otherwis conform to the specif set forth in thi item no. 3 . b. as a prerequisit to transport on the system , shipper ’ s product must also conform to the qualiti specif of the connect carrier or facil at the nomin deliveri point . c. shipper shall perform applic test to ensur that the product it tender to carrier for deliveri on the system conform to the specif set forth in thi item no. 3 . should spot sampl , analys , or ani other test ( includ test perform by carrier ) indic that the product tender or to be tender doe not meet the specif requir by carrier , shipper agre to stop deliveri of such off-specif product to carrier until such time as it is determin by addit test that the product meet the definit of product issu by carrier . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 d. the specif set forth in thi item no . 3 shall appli to each barrel of shipper ’ s tender and shall not be limit to the composit sampl of the tender . product specif maximum test method 1. composit : predominantli ethan , propan , butan & natur gasolin astm d-2163 ( c5 plu ) methan 1.5 of ethane1 astm d-2163 total olefin none astm d-2163 total fluorid none uop 619 2. vapor pressur : at 100°f . psig astm d-1267 3. corros : copper strip at 100°f 1-b astm d-1838 4. total sulfur : ppm by weight in liquid astm d-3246 5. carbon dioxid : ppm by weight gpa 2177 6. distil : end point , °f astm d-216 7. dryness : free water none visual 8. color : saybolt number plu 25 ( minimum ) astm d-156 e. carrier reserv the right to reject all tender or ani part thereof and refus transport for such tender , if carrier determin , in it discret , reason exercis , that shipper ha deliv product that ( i ) doe not conform to the qualiti specif set forth in thi item no . 3 , ( ii ) is not merchant , ( iii ) is not readili accept for transport through the system , ( iv ) would otherwis advers affect the system or other product on the system , and/or ( v ) would , in carrier ’ s sole judgment , expos employe of carrier or the system to an undu risk of harm or properti damag . f. in the event shipper deliv product to the system that doe not meet , individu and collect , the qualiti specif set forth in thi item no . 3 , carrier may exclud such shipper from further entri into applic segment of the system until such time as the shipper return the qualiti of it product to a level satisfactori to carrier . 1 methan in excess of limit state herein , as measur on each shipper ’ s individu plant stream , shall be consid as contamin and product so contamin will not be receiv by carrier . howev , it is recogn that product so contamin may be receiv by carrier without carrier ’ s knowledg . dure ani period in which shipper ’ s product exce the specif , at carrier ’ s option , carrier shall have the right to deduct the methan content in excess of the specif from shipper ’ s desir volum , but shipper will nevertheless be requir to pay the tariff rate on total volum of methan ship . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 g. carrier is not respons for monitor receipt or deliveri for contamin . further , carrier reserv the right to dispos of ani contamin product on the system . dispos thereof may be made in ani reason manner includ but not limit to commerci sale . ani liabil associ with the contamin or dispos of ani product shall be born by shipper introduc the contamin product into the system . shipper liabil includ , but is not limit to , claim from other shipper , carrier , or user of the contamin product and the cost of ani regulatori or judici proceed . h. if product receiv by carrier doe not meet the qualiti specif set forth in thi item no . 3 , carrier reserv the right to charg the shipper the greater of ( i ) the actual cost and expens incur by carrier to treat , handl , or otherwis dispos of all such contamin product , or ( ii ) a one-hundr ( 100 ) cent per barrel charg for the volum of contamin product transport by shipper ( “ off-spec penalti ” ) . if a composit sampl , spot sampl , or the result of ani other test demonstr that a shipper ’ s product deliv to carrier fail to meet the qualiti specif set forth in thi item no . 3 , the total penalti will be assess by multipli the off-spec penalti by the total volum of shipper ’ s product ( in barrel ) receiv by carrier dure the ticket period when carrier receiv the contamin product . 4. ident of product : subject to ani provis to the contrari in a tsa between carrier and shipper : a. carrier shall not be liabl to shipper for chang in graviti or qualiti of shipper ’ s product that may occur from commingl or intermix shipper ’ s product with other product in the same common stream while in transit . carrier is not oblig to deliv to shipper the ident product nomin by shipper; carrier will deliv the product it is regularli transport as a common stream . b. carrier shall have no respons in , or for , ani revalu or settlement that may be deem appropri by shipper and/or consigne becaus of mix or commingl of product between the receipt and deliveri of such shipment by carrier within the same common stream . c. carrier shall not be requir to transport product except with reason dilig , consid the qualiti of the product , the distanc of transport and other materi elements. carrier can not commit to deliv product to a particular destin , at a particular time . 5. nomin and schedul : a. product for shipment through the system will be receiv onli on a properli execut nomin from shipper or it designe show the receipt point at which the product is to be receiv , the deliveri point of the shipment , consigne ( if ani ) , and the amount of product to be transport . carrier may refus to accept product for transport unless satisfactori evid is furnish that shipper or consigne ha made provis for prompt receipt thereof at the deliveri point . carrier shall not be oblig to accept product for transport dure ani calendar month , unless shipper or it designe make such nomin to carrier in write on or befor 9:00 a.m. , prevail central time of the tenth ( 10th ) busi day immedi preced the first day of the month dure which the transport under the nomin is to begin . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 b. carrier may refus to accept product for transport where shipper or consigne is not in complianc with other provis of thi tariff or where shipper or consigne ha fail to compli with all applic law , rule and regul made by ani government author regul shipment of product . c. unless shipper and carrier have agre otherwis in a tsa , carrier reserv the right to control in it discret the compon distribut in the product tender by shipper or it designe , in order to achiev maximum oper effici of carrier ’ s facil and optimum util of total transport capacity. carrier shall use reason judgment in exercis that discret . d. the rate at which product is deliv to carrier and redeliv from carrier will be determin by carrier ’ s transport and redeliveri oblig to it shipper and by the necess of econom use and effici oper of carrier ’ s facil , which shall be determin by carrier in the exercis of it reason judgment . carrier will assum no liabil for it inabl to maintain schedul or compli with shipper ’ s redeliveri request when caus by oper or schedul problem , excess demand , delay and other problem encount in pipelin oper . 6. nomin in excess of capac : when there is offer to carrier quantiti of product greater than can be transport on the system , carrier shall alloc the avail transport capac on the system ( “ avail capac ” ) . alloc will be given as a daili or monthli volum , at carrier ’ s discret , and will be calcul for the calendar month . new shipper will have access to a minimum of ten percent ( 10 ) of the avail capac and histor shipper will have access to a maximum of nineti percent ( 90 ) of the avail capac . carrier shall alloc up to nineti percent ( 90 ) of the avail capac on a non-discriminatori histor basi to all histor shipper . each individu histor shipper ’ s entitl will be base on ( i ) the averag monthli volum of the histor shipper ’ s repres period , base on the greater of the volum transport or paid for dure each month of the repres period or ( ii ) for an incent shipper , base on the incent shipper ’ s commit volum on a yearli basi . the remain ten percent ( 10 ) of the avail capac shall be alloc on a prorata basi to new shipper . carrier is not requir to alloc more than two percent ( 2 ) of the avail capac to ani individu new shipper . the carrier will repeat thi alloc process until all of the avail capac ha been alloc . alloc will not be transfer . with agreement of the shipper concern , histor volum will be transfer under the follow condit : • no commerci transact occur between the particip shipper with regard to histor volum . • the transfer is irrevoc . • the request to transfer must be the result of an unusu situat as may be reason determin by carrier . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 for the purpos of thi item no . 6 : • “ new shipper ” mean a shipper that is not a histor shipper . • “ histor shipper ” mean a shipper that ha ship , or paid for the shipment of , product on the system dure the repres period . • “ repres period ” mean a consecut twelv ( 12 ) month period , begin thirteen ( 13 ) month prior to the month be alloc and exclud the month preced the month of alloc . 7. minimum tender : product of the requir specif shall be tender for transport in quantiti of not less than 2,500 barrel of the same specif , except that carrier may , in it sole discret , accept ani quantiti of product if such quantiti can be consolid with other product such that carrier can make a singl deliveri of not less than 2,500 barrel . the term “ singl deliveri ” as use herein mean a deliveri of product in one continu oper to one or more consigne into a singl facil , furnish by such consigne or consigne , to which carrier is connect . 8. measur and evid of receipt and deliveri : a. carrier or it repres will measur and test all product tender for transport prior to it receipt and may measur and test such product at ani time thereafter. shipper or consigne may be present or repres at the gaug and test . quantiti shall be determin in accord with applic a.p.i . manual of petroleum measur standard and applic ga processor associ procedur . b. ani overag or shortag not due to the neglig of carrier , includ loss result from shrinkag , evapor , other physic product loss and interfac mixtur in ani calendar month , will be alloc on a monthli accrual basi among shipper in the proport that the total number of barrel deliv from the entir system for each shipper bear to the total number of barrel deliv from the entir system for all shipper . c. carrier may requir shipper to furnish a certif set forth in detail the specif of each shipment of product offer for transport hereund , and shipper shall be liabl for ani contamin or damag to other product in carrier ’ s custodi or to the system or other carrier facil caus by failur of the product tender to meet the specif state in shipper ’ s certif . carrier may , but shall not be requir to , sampl and/or test ani shipment prior to accept or dure receipt of shipment , and , in the event of varianc between the specif contain in said certif and the specif indic by carrier ’ s test , carrier ’ s test result shall prevail and be use to determin whether the shipment meet carrier ’ s specif . shipper or consigne may be present or repres at such measur and test . d. a repres of carrier shall have the right to enter upon the premis where shipper ’ s product is receiv or deliv and have access to ani and all storag receptacl or meter for the purpos of measur and test and to make ani examin , inspect , measur or test requir . e. all measur and test perform by carrier shall be deem final and determin unless shipper present appropri document to contest such measur and/or test within forty-f ( 45 ) day of receipt . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 9. origin facil : with respect to the receipt point , and ani addit receipt point ( if carrier determin that it will offer connect beyond those contempl in thi tariff ) : ( 1 ) product will be receiv onli from pipelin or plant facil that are provid by shipper or shipper ’ s designe , or a connect carrier; ( 2 ) carrier will determin and advis shipper of the size and capac of pipelin and tank to be provid at the receipt point to meet the oper condit of carrier ’ s facil at such point; ( 3 ) carrier will not accept product for transport unless such facil have been provid and conform to the oper requir of carrier in carrier ’ s sole discretion; and ( 4 ) the cost of such facil shall be provid at the sole cost of shipper seek access to the system . 10. storag of product in transit : carrier is under no oblig to provid storag . 11. destin facil : carrier will accept product for transport onli when shipper or consigne ha provid the necessari facil for take deliveri of the shipment as it arriv at the deliveri point . carrier will not accept product for transport unless such facil have been provid and conform to the oper requir of carrier in carrier ’ s sole discret . unless otherwis agre in a tsa between carrier and shipper , the cost of such facil shall be provid at the sole cost of shipper seek access to the system . 12. notic of arriv , deliveri at destin : after a shipment ha had time to arriv at destin , carrier may begin deliveri of such shipment from it common stock to shipper or consigne at carrier ’ s current rate of pump . shipper shall time remov product , or caus product to be remov , from the system follow transport to a nomin deliveri point . if shipper or consigne is unabl or refus to receiv said shipment , a demurrag charg of one dollar ( 1.00 ) per barrel per twenty-four ( 24 ) hour shall accru from the time said notic expir on that part of such shipment which is not receiv by shipper or consigne . in addit to such demurrag charg , carrier shall have the right to make such disposit of unremov product as is necessari for the effici oper of the system , and shipper shall pay carrier all charg associ with such disposit the same as if shipper had author such , togeth with ani associ addit cost and damag born or incur by carrier. shipper shall indemnifi carrier for all loss associ with unremov product and carrier ’ s disposit of unremov product . carrier shall have no liabil to shipper associ with shipper ’ s unremov product or carrier ’ s disposit of unremov product . 13. titl : carrier may requir of shipper satisfactori evid of it perfect and unencumb titl of ani product tender for shipment on the system . carrier shall have the right to reject ani product , when tender for transport , that may be involv in litig , the titl of which may be in disput , or which may be encumb by a lien or charg of ani kind ( other than the lien creat hereund in favor of carrier and ani lien permit under a tsa between carrier and shipper ) . at the time of nomin , shipper shall inform carrier if ani product nomin and/or to be tender to carrier for transport ( i ) may be involv in litig , ( ii ) may be subject to a titl disput , or ( iii ) may be encumb by a lien or charg of ani kind ( other than the lien creat hereund in favor of carrier and ani lien permit under a tsa between sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 carrier and shipper ) ( “ encumb product ” ) . in the event carrier receiv such shipper notic of encumb product or otherwis learn that shipper ha or will nomin or tender encumb product , carrier may requir shipper to provid a satisfactori indemn bond , pre- payment of transport charg , or a subordin agreement from the applic lienhold , all to be determin in carrier ’ s sole discret . shipper agre to hold carrier harmless for ani and all loss , cost , liabil , damag and/or expens result from failur of titl thereto; provid that accept for transport shall not be deem a represent by carrier as to titl . 14. rate applic : product accept for transport shall be subject to the rate in effect on the date of receipt by carrier , irrespect of the date of the nomin . 15. rate applic from intermedi point : for shipment accept for transport from ani point not name in thi tariff make refer hereto which is intermedi to a point from which rate are publish in said tariff , through such unnam point , the rate publish therein from the next more distant receipt point specifi in the tariff will appli from such unnam point . for shipment accept for transport to ani point not name in tariff make refer hereto which is intermedi to a point to which rate are publish in said tariff , through such unnam point , the rate publish therein to the next more distant deliveri point specifi in the tariff will appli . continu use of intermedi point rate applic for more than thirti ( 30 ) day requir establish of a rate for the transport servic . 16. payment of transport charg : subject to ani provis to the contrari in a tsa between carrier and shipper : a. shipper or consigne shall pay , as provid below , all applic transport and other charg ( includ ani defici payment set out in a tsa ) accru on product handl by carrier . b. all payment are due on the later of : ( 1 ) within fifteen ( 15 ) day of receipt of the invoice; ( 2 ) the twenty-seventh ( 27th ) of the month follow receipt of the invoic , or; ( 3 ) if the twenty-seventh ( 27th ) of the month follow receipt of the invoic is not a busi day , on the next busi day thereaft . c. unless provid otherwis in a tsa between carrier and shipper , if ani charg remain unpaid after the due date , then such amount due may bear interest from the day after the due date until paid , calcul at an annual rate equival to the greater of ( 1 ) one percent ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) the maximum rate allow by law . in addit , shipper shall pay all document cost incur by carrier to collect ani unpaid amount , includ reason attorney fee and cost incur by carrier . d. in the event shipper fail to pay ani such charg when due , carrier shall not be oblig to provid shipper access to the system or provid servic pursuant to thi tariff until such time as payment is receiv by carrier and shipper meet the requir of the follow paragraph . in addit , in the event shipper fail to pay ani such charg when due , carrier shall have the right to set off such amount owe and futur amount owe against ani amount carrier owe shipper . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 e. all prospect shipper shall , twenty-f ( 25 ) day prior to make their first nomin , provid inform to carrier that will allow carrier to determin the prospect shipper ’ s capac to perform ani financi oblig that could aris from the transport of that prospect shipper ’ s product under the term of thi tariff , includ the payment of transport charg , equal oblig , the valu of ani loss allow , and ani neg balanc posit . at ani time , upon the request of carrier , shipper shall , within ten ( 10 ) day of such request , provid inform to carrier that will allow carrier to determin shipper ’ s capac to perform ani financi oblig that could aris from the transport of that shipper ’ s product under the term of thi tariff , includ the payment of transport charg , equal oblig , the valu of ani loss allow , and ani neg shipper balanc posit . carrier shall not be oblig to accept product for transport from ani shipper or prospect shipper if such shipper or prospect shipper fail to provid the request inform to carrier within the time period set forth herein , or if carrier ’ s review of the request inform reveal that such shipper or prospect shipper doe not have the capac to perform ani financi oblig that could aris from the transport of it product under the term of thi tariff , includ the payment of transport charg , equal oblig , the reason determin valu of ani loss allow , and ani neg balanc posit . f. subject to the provis of item no . 16 ( g ) , carrier upon notic to shipper or prospect shipper , may requir one or more of the follow financi assur for the payment of all charg and cost as provid for in thi tariff , or otherwis law due to carrier to be provid at the expens of such shipper or prospect shipper : i. payment secur by wire transfer in an amount equal to two and a half month of transport charg base on shipper ’ s or prospect shipper ’ s like actual shipment for the product month for each applic line segment . for purpos of thi rule , a prospect shipper ’ s like actual shipment will be base on the anticip shipment list in such prospect shipper ’ s shipper application; or ii . a letter of credit in favor of carrier in an amount suffici to ensur payment of all cost and charg that could reason accru due to carrier in a form and from an institut accept to carrier; or iii . a guaranti from a guarantor accept to carrier . g. in the event that carrier reason determin that : ( i ) ani shipper ’ s financi condit is or ha becom impair or unsatisfactory; ( ii ) ani financi assur previous provid by shipper no longer provid adequ secur for the perform of such shipper ’ s oblig that could aris from the transport of it product under the term of thi tariff; or ( iii ) carrier otherwis determin that it is necessari to obtain financi assur from ani shipper or prospect shipper , then such shipper or prospect shipper shall provid financi assur for the payment of the charg and cost as provid for in thi tariff or otherwis law due to carrier relat to the transport of such shipper ’ s or prospect shipper ’ s product by carrier . for the purpos of thi tariff , and without limit the gener of the charg and cost law due to carrier relat to the transport of shipper ’ s product , those charg and cost shall includ transport charg , equal oblig , ani neg shipper balanc posit , and ani loss allow . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 h. ani financi assur receiv by carrier in accord with item no . 16 ( f ) ( i ) shall be retain by carrier in a non-interest-bear escrow account until such time as carrier determin that the shipper or prospect shipper that provid such financi assur is capabl of perform it financi oblig to carrier . within ten ( 10 ) busi day of such a determin by carrier , the financi assur provid in accord with item no. 16 ( f ) ( i ) shall be return to such shipper or prospect shipper . i. carrier shall have a self-execut lien on all product deliv to carrier to secur the payment of ani and all charg that are owe to carrier. such lien shall surviv deliveri of product to shipper . such lien shall extend to all product in carrier ’ s possess begin with shipper ’ s first receipt of transport or other servic from carrier . the lien provid herein shall be in addit to ani lien or secur interest provid by thi tariff , statut or applic law . carrier may withhold deliveri to shipper of ani of shipper ’ s product in it possess and exercis ani other right and remedi grant under the applic tariff or exist under applic law until all such charg have been paid as provid abov . j. if shipper fail to pay an invoic by the due date , carrier will notifi shipper of the failur , and if shipper ha not remedi the failur within thirti ( 30 ) day follow receipt of notic from carrier , in addit to ani other remedi under thi tariff or under applic law , carrier shall have the right , either directli or through an agent , to sell ani product of such shipper in carrier ’ s custodi at public auction , on ani day not a legal holiday , not less than forty-eight ( 48 ) hour after public of notic of such sale in a daili newspap of gener circul publish in the town , citi , or gener area where the sale is to be held , state the time and place of sale and the quantiti and locat of the product to be sold . at said sale , carrier shall have the right to bid , and , if it is the highest bidder , to becom the purchas . the proce of ani sale shall be appli in the follow order : ( 1 ) to the reason expens of hold , prepar for sale , sell , and to the extent allow by law , reason attorney ’ s fee and legal expens incur by carrier; and ( 2 ) to the satisfact of shipper ’ s indebted includ interest herein provid from the date payment is due . the balanc of the proce of the sale remain , if ani , shall be paid to shipper or , if there is a disput or claim as to entitl , held for whoever may be law entitl thereto . carrier will have a claim for and against shipper with respect to ani defici aris from the debt due to carrier from shipper and the proce of ani sale after reduct as set forth abov . 17. liabil of carrier : carrier shall not be liabl for , and shipper herebi waiv ani claim against carrier for , ani loss or damag to product prior to the deliveri of product at the receipt point ( s ) and after deliveri of product at the deliveri point ( s ) . 18. claim , suit , and time for file : as a condit preced to recoveri by shipper for loss , damag , or delay in receipt or deliveri of shipper ’ s product for which carrier may be respons , shipper ’ s claim must be file in write with carrier within nine ( 9 ) month after deliveri of the affect product , or , in case of carrier ’ s failur to make deliveri of shipper ’ s product , then within nine ( 9 ) month after a reason time for deliveri ha elapsed; and suit shall be institut against carrier onli within two ( 2 ) year and one ( 1 ) day from the day when notic in write is given by carrier to shipper that carrier ha disallow the claim or ani part or part thereof specifi in the notic . where claim are not file or suit are not institut by shipper on such claim in accord with the forego provis , such claim will not be paid and carrier will not be liabl . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 ferc ica oil tariff f.e.r.c. no . 1.0.0 19. connect polici : if carrier determin that it will offer connect servic , thi item no. 19 shall appli . in that event , ( 1 ) carrier will onli consid connect to the system that are made by formal written applic to carrier , in accord with carrier ’ s connect policy; ( 2 ) all connect will be subject to design requir necessari to protect the safeti , secur , integr and effici oper of the system in accord with gener accept industri standards; and ( 3 ) accept of ani request for connect will be within the sole discret of carrier and will be subject to complianc with government regul . 20. common stream – connect carrier : a. when receipt from and/or deliveri to a connect carrier of substanti the same grade of product are schedul at the same interconnect or at interconnect along the same pipelin system , carrier reserv the right , with cooper of the connect carrier , to offset like volum of such common stream product in order to avoid capac constraint or the unnecessari use of energi which would be requir to physic pump the offset volum . when thi right is exercis , carrier will make the further deliveri for shipper involv from it common stream product . b. sediment , water and qualiti limit of a connect carrier may be impos upon carrier . when such limit of the connect carrier vari from that of carrier , the limit of the connect carrier will be enforc . 21. dedic rate a shipper who ha execut a tsa that ha dedic product shall be refer to herein as a “ dedic shipper. ” as provid in it tsa , a dedic shipper shall be entitl to the applic dedic rate set out in section i of thi tariff . a shipper that is not an incent shipper or dedic shipper shall pay the applic uncommit rate set out in section i of thi tariff . 22. incent rate a shipper who ha execut a tsa that ha a commit volum shall be refer to herein as an “ incent shipper. ” as provid in it tsa , an incent shipper shall be entitl to the applic incent rate set out in section i of thi tariff . a shipper that is not an incent shipper or dedic shipper shall pay the applic uncommit rate set out in section i of thi tariff . sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 exhibit b commenc date facil pipelin facil • 27 mile of 10 ” pipelin between the lincoln parish plant and the deliveri point deliveri point • dcp black lake pipelin receipt point • lincoln parish plant ( own by carrier or it affili ) • mount oliv plant ( own by carrier or it affili ) miscellan appurten facil ( launchers/receiv , etc . ) sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015 schedul a receipt point , deliveri point , and rate receipt point deliveri point dedic rate lincoln parish plant mount oliv plant dcp black lake ada , la 1.68 sourc : rang resourc - louisiana , inc. , 8-k , 4/17/2015